---
title: Upgrade from Mobile Services to Azure App Service
description: Learn how to easily upgrade your Mobile Services application to an App Service Mobile App
services: app-service\mobile
documentationcenter: ''
author: adrianhall
manager: adrianha
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 9c0ac353-afb6-462b-ab94-d91b8247322f
ms.service: app-service-mobile
ms.workload: mobile
ms.tgt_pltfrm: mobile
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/01/2016
ms.author: adrianha
ms.openlocfilehash: 8761acf3f2c04795c6debc6a7b06dac282a537be
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552298"
---
# <a name="upgrade-your-existing-net-azure-mobile-service-to-app-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-103">Upgrade your existing .NET Azure Mobile Service to App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-103">Upgrade your existing .NET Azure Mobile Service to App Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-104">App Service Mobile is a new way to build mobile applications using Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-104">App Service Mobile is a new way to build mobile applications using Microsoft Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-105">To learn more, see [What are Mobile Apps?].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-105">To learn more, see [What are Mobile Apps?].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-106">This topic describes how to upgrade an existing .NET backend application from Azure Mobile Services to a new App Service Mobile Apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-106">This topic describes how to upgrade an existing .NET backend application from Azure Mobile Services to a new App Service Mobile Apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-107">While you perform this upgrade, your existing Mobile Services application can continue to operate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-107">While you perform this upgrade, your existing Mobile Services application can continue to operate.</span></span>   <span data-ttu-id="2420f-108">If you need to upgrade a Node.js backend application, refer to [Upgrading your Node.js Mobile Services](app-service-mobile-node-backend-upgrading-from-mobile-services.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-108">If you need to upgrade a Node.js backend application, refer to [Upgrading your Node.js Mobile Services](app-service-mobile-node-backend-upgrading-from-mobile-services.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-109">When a mobile backend is upgraded to Azure App Service, it has access to all App Service features and are billed according to [App Service pricing], not Mobile Services pricing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-109">When a mobile backend is upgraded to Azure App Service, it has access to all App Service features and are billed according to [App Service pricing], not Mobile Services pricing.</span></span>

## <a name="migrate-vs-upgrade"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-110">Migrate vs. upgrade</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-110">Migrate vs. upgrade</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-migrate-vs-upgrade](../../includes/app-service-mobile-migrate-vs-upgrade.md)]

> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-111">It is recommended that you [perform a migration](app-service-mobile-migrating-from-mobile-services.md) before going through an upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-111">It is recommended that you [perform a migration](app-service-mobile-migrating-from-mobile-services.md) before going through an upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-112">This way, you can put both versions of your application on the same App Service Plan and incur no additional cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-112">This way, you can put both versions of your application on the same App Service Plan and incur no additional cost.</span></span>
>
>

### <a name="improvements-in-mobile-apps-net-server-sdk"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-113">Improvements in Mobile Apps .NET server SDK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-113">Improvements in Mobile Apps .NET server SDK</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-114">Upgrading to the new [Mobile Apps SDK](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Mobile.Server/) provides the following benefits:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-114">Upgrading to the new [Mobile Apps SDK](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Mobile.Server/) provides the following benefits:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-115">More flexibility on NuGet dependencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-115">More flexibility on NuGet dependencies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-116">The hosting environment no longer provides its own versions of NuGet packages, so you can use alternative compatible versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-116">The hosting environment no longer provides its own versions of NuGet packages, so you can use alternative compatible versions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-117">However, if there are new critical bugfixes or security updates to the Mobile Server SDK or dependencies, you must update your service manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-117">However, if there are new critical bugfixes or security updates to the Mobile Server SDK or dependencies, you must update your service manually.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-118">More flexibility in the mobile SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-118">More flexibility in the mobile SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-119">You can explicitly control which features and routes are set up, such as authentication, table APIs, and the push registration endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-119">You can explicitly control which features and routes are set up, such as authentication, table APIs, and the push registration endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-120">To learn more, see [How to use the .NET server SDK for Azure Mobile Apps](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-120">To learn more, see [How to use the .NET server SDK for Azure Mobile Apps](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-121">Support for other ASP.NET project types and routes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-121">Support for other ASP.NET project types and routes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-122">You can now host MVC and Web API controllers in the same project as your mobile backend project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-122">You can now host MVC and Web API controllers in the same project as your mobile backend project.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-123">Support for new App Service authentication features, which allow you to use a common authentication configuration across your web and mobile apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-123">Support for new App Service authentication features, which allow you to use a common authentication configuration across your web and mobile apps.</span></span>

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-124">Basic upgrade overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-124">Basic upgrade overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-125">In many cases, upgrading will be as simple as switching to the new Mobile Apps server SDK and republishing your code onto a new Mobile App instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-125">In many cases, upgrading will be as simple as switching to the new Mobile Apps server SDK and republishing your code onto a new Mobile App instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-126">There are, however some scenarios which will require some additional configuration, such as advanced authentication scenarios and working with scheduled jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-126">There are, however some scenarios which will require some additional configuration, such as advanced authentication scenarios and working with scheduled jobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-127">Each of these is covered in the later sections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-127">Each of these is covered in the later sections.</span></span>

> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-128">It is advised that you read and understand the rest of this topic completely before starting an upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-128">It is advised that you read and understand the rest of this topic completely before starting an upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-129">Make note of any features you use which are called out below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-129">Make note of any features you use which are called out below.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-130">The Mobile Services client SDKs are **not** compatible with the new Mobile Apps server SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-130">The Mobile Services client SDKs are **not** compatible with the new Mobile Apps server SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-131">In order to provide continuity of service for your app, you should not publish changes to a site currently serving published clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-131">In order to provide continuity of service for your app, you should not publish changes to a site currently serving published clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-132">Instead, you should create a new mobile app that serves as a duplicate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-132">Instead, you should create a new mobile app that serves as a duplicate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-133">You can put this application on the same App Service plan to avoid incurring additional financial cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-133">You can put this application on the same App Service plan to avoid incurring additional financial cost.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-134">You will then have two versions of the application: one which stays the same and serves published apps in the wild, and the other which you can then upgrade and target with a new client release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-134">You will then have two versions of the application: one which stays the same and serves published apps in the wild, and the other which you can then upgrade and target with a new client release.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-135">You can move and test your code at your pace, but you should make sure that any bug fixes you make get applied to both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-135">You can move and test your code at your pace, but you should make sure that any bug fixes you make get applied to both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-136">Once you feel that a desired number of client apps in the wild have updated to the latest version, you can delete the original migrated app if you desire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-136">Once you feel that a desired number of client apps in the wild have updated to the latest version, you can delete the original migrated app if you desire.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-137">The full outline for the upgrade process is as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-137">The full outline for the upgrade process is as follows:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="2420f-138">Create a new Mobile App</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-138">Create a new Mobile App</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="2420f-139">Update the project to use the new Server SDKs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-139">Update the project to use the new Server SDKs</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="2420f-140">Release a new version of your client application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-140">Release a new version of your client application</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="2420f-141">(Optional) Delete your original migrated instance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-141">(Optional) Delete your original migrated instance</span></span>

## <a name="mobile-app-version"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-142">Creating a second application instance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-142">Creating a second application instance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-143">The first step in upgrading is to create the Mobile App resource which will host the new version of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-143">The first step in upgrading is to create the Mobile App resource which will host the new version of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-144">If you have already migrated an existing mobile service, you will want to create this version on the same hosting plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-144">If you have already migrated an existing mobile service, you will want to create this version on the same hosting plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-145">Open the [Azure portal] and navigate to your migrated application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-145">Open the [Azure portal] and navigate to your migrated application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-146">Make note of the App Service Plan it is running on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-146">Make note of the App Service Plan it is running on.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-147">Next, create the second application instance by following the [.NET backend creation instructions](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#create-app).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-147">Next, create the second application instance by following the [.NET backend creation instructions](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#create-app).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-148">When prompted to select you App Service Plan or "hosting plan" choose the plan of your migrated application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-148">When prompted to select you App Service Plan or "hosting plan" choose the plan of your migrated application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-149">You will likely want to use the same database and Notification Hub as you did in Mobile Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-149">You will likely want to use the same database and Notification Hub as you did in Mobile Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-150">You can copy these values by opening [Azure portal] and navigating to the original application, then click **Settings** > **Application settings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-150">You can copy these values by opening [Azure portal] and navigating to the original application, then click **Settings** > **Application settings**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-151">Under **Connection Strings**, copy `MS_NotificationHubConnectionString` and `MS_TableConnectionString`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-151">Under **Connection Strings**, copy `MS_NotificationHubConnectionString` and `MS_TableConnectionString`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-152">Navigate to your new upgrade site and paste them in, overwriting any existing values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-152">Navigate to your new upgrade site and paste them in, overwriting any existing values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-153">Repeat this process for any other application settings your app needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-153">Repeat this process for any other application settings your app needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-154">If not using a migrated service, you can read connection strings and app settings from the **Configure** tab of the Mobile Services section of the [Azure classic portal].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-154">If not using a migrated service, you can read connection strings and app settings from the **Configure** tab of the Mobile Services section of the [Azure classic portal].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-155">Make a copy of the ASP.NET project for your application and publish it to your new site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-155">Make a copy of the ASP.NET project for your application and publish it to your new site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-156">Using a copy of your client application updated with the new URL, validate that everything works as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-156">Using a copy of your client application updated with the new URL, validate that everything works as expected.</span></span>

## <a name="updating-the-server-project"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-157">Updating the server project</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-157">Updating the server project</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-158">Mobile Apps provides a new [Mobile App Server SDK] which provides much of the same functionality as the Mobile Services runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-158">Mobile Apps provides a new [Mobile App Server SDK] which provides much of the same functionality as the Mobile Services runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-159">First, you should remove all references to the Mobile Services packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-159">First, you should remove all references to the Mobile Services packages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-160">In the NuGet package manager, search for `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-160">In the NuGet package manager, search for `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-161">Most apps will see several packages here, including `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend.Tables` and `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend.Entity`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-161">Most apps will see several packages here, including `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend.Tables` and `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend.Entity`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-162">In such a case, start with the lowest package in the dependency tree, such as `Entity`, and remove it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-162">In such a case, start with the lowest package in the dependency tree, such as `Entity`, and remove it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-163">When prompted, do not remove all dependant packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-163">When prompted, do not remove all dependant packages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-164">Repeat this process until you have removed `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend` itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-164">Repeat this process until you have removed `WindowsAzure.MobileServices.Backend` itself.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-165">At this point you will have a project that no longer references Mobile Services SDKs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-165">At this point you will have a project that no longer references Mobile Services SDKs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-166">Next you will add references the Mobile Apps SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-166">Next you will add references the Mobile Apps SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-167">For this upgrade, most developers will want to download and install the `Microsoft.Azure.Mobile.Server.Quickstart` package, as this will pull in the entire required set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-167">For this upgrade, most developers will want to download and install the `Microsoft.Azure.Mobile.Server.Quickstart` package, as this will pull in the entire required set.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-168">There will be quite a few compiler errors resulting from differences between the SDKs, but these are easy to address and are covered in the rest of this section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-168">There will be quite a few compiler errors resulting from differences between the SDKs, but these are easy to address and are covered in the rest of this section.</span></span>

### <a name="base-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-169">Base configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-169">Base configuration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-170">Then, in WebApiConfig.cs, you can replace:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-170">Then, in WebApiConfig.cs, you can replace:</span></span>

        // Use this class to set configuration options for your mobile service
        ConfigOptions options = new ConfigOptions();

        // Use this class to set WebAPI configuration options
        HttpConfiguration config = ServiceConfig.Initialize(new ConfigBuilder(options));

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-171">with</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-171">with</span></span>

        HttpConfiguration config = new HttpConfiguration();
        new MobileAppConfiguration()
            .UseDefaultConfiguration()
        .ApplyTo(config);

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-172">If you wish to learn more about the new .NET server SDK and how to add/remove features from your app, please see the [How to use the .NET server SDK] topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-172">If you wish to learn more about the new .NET server SDK and how to add/remove features from your app, please see the [How to use the .NET server SDK] topic.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-173">If your app makes use of the authentication features, you will also need to register an OWIN middleware.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-173">If your app makes use of the authentication features, you will also need to register an OWIN middleware.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-174">In this case, you should move the above configuration code into a new OWIN Startup class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-174">In this case, you should move the above configuration code into a new OWIN Startup class.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="2420f-175">Add the NuGet package `Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb` if it is not already included in your project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-175">Add the NuGet package `Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb` if it is not already included in your project.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="2420f-176">In Visual Studio, right click on your project and select **Add** -> **New Item**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-176">In Visual Studio, right click on your project and select **Add** -> **New Item**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-177">Select **Web** -> **General** -> **OWIN Startup class**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-177">Select **Web** -> **General** -> **OWIN Startup class**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="2420f-178">Move the above code for MobileAppConfiguration from `WebApiConfig.Register()` to the `Configuration()` method of your new startup class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-178">Move the above code for MobileAppConfiguration from `WebApiConfig.Register()` to the `Configuration()` method of your new startup class.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-179">Make sure the `Configuration()` method ends with:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-179">Make sure the `Configuration()` method ends with:</span></span>

        app.UseWebApi(config)
        app.UseAppServiceAuthentication(config);

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-180">There are additional changes related to authentication which are covered in the full authentication section below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-180">There are additional changes related to authentication which are covered in the full authentication section below.</span></span>

### <a name="working-with-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-181">Working with Data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-181">Working with Data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-182">In Mobile Services, the mobile app name served as the default schema name in the Entity Framework setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-182">In Mobile Services, the mobile app name served as the default schema name in the Entity Framework setup.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-183">To ensure that you have the same schema being referenced as before, use the following to set the schema in the DbContext for your application:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-183">To ensure that you have the same schema being referenced as before, use the following to set the schema in the DbContext for your application:</span></span>

        string schema = System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.AppSettings.Get("MS_MobileServiceName");

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-184">Please make sure you have MS_MobileServiceName set if you do the above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-184">Please make sure you have MS_MobileServiceName set if you do the above.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-185">You can also provide another schema name if your application customized this previously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-185">You can also provide another schema name if your application customized this previously.</span></span>

### <a name="system-properties"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-186">System Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-186">System Properties</span></span>
#### <a name="naming"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-187">Naming</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-187">Naming</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-188">In the Azure Mobile Services server SDK, system properties always contain a double underscore (`__`) prefix for the properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-188">In the Azure Mobile Services server SDK, system properties always contain a double underscore (`__`) prefix for the properties:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-189">__createdAt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-189">__createdAt</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-190">__updatedAt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-190">__updatedAt</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-191">__deleted</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-191">__deleted</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-192">__version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-192">__version</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-193">The Mobile Services client SDKs have special logic for parsing system properties in this format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-193">The Mobile Services client SDKs have special logic for parsing system properties in this format.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-194">In Azure Mobile Apps, system properties no longer have a special format and have the following names:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-194">In Azure Mobile Apps, system properties no longer have a special format and have the following names:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-195">createdAt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-195">createdAt</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-196">updatedAt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-196">updatedAt</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-197">deleted</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-197">deleted</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2420f-198">version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-198">version</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-199">The Mobile Apps client SDKs use the new system properties names, so no changes are required to client code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-199">The Mobile Apps client SDKs use the new system properties names, so no changes are required to client code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-200">However, if you are directly making REST calls to your service then you should change your queries accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-200">However, if you are directly making REST calls to your service then you should change your queries accordingly.</span></span>

#### <a name="local-store"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-201">Local store</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-201">Local store</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-202">The changes to the names of system properties mean that an offline sync local database for Mobile Services is not compatible with Mobile Apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-202">The changes to the names of system properties mean that an offline sync local database for Mobile Services is not compatible with Mobile Apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-203">If possible, you should avoid upgrading client apps from Mobile Services to Mobile Apps until after pending changes have been sent to the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-203">If possible, you should avoid upgrading client apps from Mobile Services to Mobile Apps until after pending changes have been sent to the server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-204">Then, the upgraded app should use a new database filename.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-204">Then, the upgraded app should use a new database filename.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-205">If a client app is upgraded from Mobile Services to Mobile Apps while there are pending offline changes in the operation queue, then the system database must be updated to use the new column names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-205">If a client app is upgraded from Mobile Services to Mobile Apps while there are pending offline changes in the operation queue, then the system database must be updated to use the new column names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-206">On iOS, this can be achieved using lightweight migrations to change the column names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-206">On iOS, this can be achieved using lightweight migrations to change the column names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-207">On Android and the .NET managed client, you should write custom SQL to rename the columns for your data object tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-207">On Android and the .NET managed client, you should write custom SQL to rename the columns for your data object tables.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-208">On iOS, you should change your Core Data schema for your data entities to match the following.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-208">On iOS, you should change your Core Data schema for your data entities to match the following.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-209">Note that the properties `createdAt`, `updatedAt` and `version` no longer have an `ms_` prefix:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-209">Note that the properties `createdAt`, `updatedAt` and `version` no longer have an `ms_` prefix:</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="2420f-210">Attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-210">Attribute</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="2420f-211">Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-211">Type</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="2420f-212">Note</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-212">Note</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="2420f-213">id</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-213">id</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-214">String, marked required</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-214">String, marked required</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-215">primary key in remote store</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-215">primary key in remote store</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="2420f-216">createdAt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-216">createdAt</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-217">Date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-217">Date</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-218">(optional) maps to createdAt system property</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-218">(optional) maps to createdAt system property</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="2420f-219">updatedAt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-219">updatedAt</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-220">Date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-220">Date</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-221">(optional) maps to updatedAt system property</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-221">(optional) maps to updatedAt system property</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="2420f-222">version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-222">version</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-223">String</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-223">String</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2420f-224">(optional) used to detect conflicts, maps to version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-224">(optional) used to detect conflicts, maps to version</span></span> |

#### <a name="querying-system-properties"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-225">Querying system properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-225">Querying system properties</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-226">In Azure Mobile Services, system properties are not sent by default, but only when they are requested using the query string `__systemProperties`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-226">In Azure Mobile Services, system properties are not sent by default, but only when they are requested using the query string `__systemProperties`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-227">In contrast, in Azure Mobile Apps system properties are **always selected** since they are part of the server SDK object model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-227">In contrast, in Azure Mobile Apps system properties are **always selected** since they are part of the server SDK object model.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-228">This change mainly impacts custom implementations of domain managers, such as extensions of `MappedEntityDomainManager`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-228">This change mainly impacts custom implementations of domain managers, such as extensions of `MappedEntityDomainManager`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-229">In Mobile Services, if a client never requests any system properties, it is possible to use a `MappedEntityDomainManager` that does not actually map all properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-229">In Mobile Services, if a client never requests any system properties, it is possible to use a `MappedEntityDomainManager` that does not actually map all properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-230">However, in Azure Mobile Apps, these unmapped properties will cause an error in GET queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-230">However, in Azure Mobile Apps, these unmapped properties will cause an error in GET queries.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-231">The easiest way to resolve the issue is to modify your DTOs so that they inherit from `ITableData` instead of `EntityData`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-231">The easiest way to resolve the issue is to modify your DTOs so that they inherit from `ITableData` instead of `EntityData`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-232">Then, add the `[NotMapped]` attribute to the fields that should be omitted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-232">Then, add the `[NotMapped]` attribute to the fields that should be omitted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-233">For example, the following defines `TodoItem` with no system properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-233">For example, the following defines `TodoItem` with no system properties:</span></span>

    using System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.Schema;

    public class TodoItem : ITableData
    {
        public string Text { get; set; }

        public bool Complete { get; set; }

        public string Id { get; set; }

        [NotMapped]
        public DateTimeOffset? CreatedAt { get; set; }

        [NotMapped]
        public DateTimeOffset? UpdatedAt { get; set; }

        [NotMapped]
        public bool Deleted { get; set; }

        [NotMapped]
        public byte[] Version { get; set; }
    }

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-234">Note: if you get errors on `NotMapped`, add a reference to the assembly `System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-234">Note: if you get errors on `NotMapped`, add a reference to the assembly `System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations`.</span></span>

### <a name="cors"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-235">CORS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-235">CORS</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-236">Mobile Services included some support for CORS by wrapping the ASP.NET CORS solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-236">Mobile Services included some support for CORS by wrapping the ASP.NET CORS solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-237">This wrapping layer has been removed to give the developer more control, so you can directly leverage [ASP.NET CORS support](http://www.asp.net/web-api/overview/security/enabling-cross-origin-requests-in-web-api).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-237">This wrapping layer has been removed to give the developer more control, so you can directly leverage [ASP.NET CORS support](http://www.asp.net/web-api/overview/security/enabling-cross-origin-requests-in-web-api).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-238">The main areas of concern if using CORS are that the `eTag` and `Location` headers must be allowed in order for the client SDKs to work properly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-238">The main areas of concern if using CORS are that the `eTag` and `Location` headers must be allowed in order for the client SDKs to work properly.</span></span>

### <a name="push-notifications"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-239">Push Notifications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-239">Push Notifications</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-240">For push, the main item that you may find missing from the Server SDK is the PushRegistrationHandler class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-240">For push, the main item that you may find missing from the Server SDK is the PushRegistrationHandler class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-241">Registrations are handled slightly differently in Mobile Apps, and tagless registrations are enabled by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-241">Registrations are handled slightly differently in Mobile Apps, and tagless registrations are enabled by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-242">Managing tags may be accomplished by using custom APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-242">Managing tags may be accomplished by using custom APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-243">Please see the [registering for tags](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#tags) instructions for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-243">Please see the [registering for tags](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#tags) instructions for more information.</span></span>

### <a name="scheduled-jobs"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-244">Scheduled Jobs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-244">Scheduled Jobs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-245">Scheduled jobs are not built into Mobile Apps, so any existing jobs that you have in your .NET backend will need to be upgraded individually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-245">Scheduled jobs are not built into Mobile Apps, so any existing jobs that you have in your .NET backend will need to be upgraded individually.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-246">One option is to create a scheduled [Web Job] on the Mobile App code site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-246">One option is to create a scheduled [Web Job] on the Mobile App code site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-247">You could also set up a controller that holds your job code and configure the [Azure Scheduler] to hit that endpoint on the expected schedule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-247">You could also set up a controller that holds your job code and configure the [Azure Scheduler] to hit that endpoint on the expected schedule.</span></span>

### <a name="miscellaneous-changes"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-248">Miscellaneous changes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-248">Miscellaneous changes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-249">All ApiControllers which will be consumed by a mobile client must now have the `[MobileAppController]` attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-249">All ApiControllers which will be consumed by a mobile client must now have the `[MobileAppController]` attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-250">This is no longer included by default so that other ApiControllers to go unaffected by the mobile formatters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-250">This is no longer included by default so that other ApiControllers to go unaffected by the mobile formatters.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-251">The `ApiServices` object is no longer part of the SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-251">The `ApiServices` object is no longer part of the SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-252">To access Mobile App settings, you can use the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-252">To access Mobile App settings, you can use the following:</span></span>

    MobileAppSettingsDictionary settings = this.Configuration.GetMobileAppSettingsProvider().GetMobileAppSettings();

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-253">Similarly, logging is now accomplished using the standard ASP.NET trace writing:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-253">Similarly, logging is now accomplished using the standard ASP.NET trace writing:</span></span>

    ITraceWriter traceWriter = this.Configuration.Services.GetTraceWriter();
    traceWriter.Info("Hello, World");  

## <a name="authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-254">Authentication considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-254">Authentication considerations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-255">The authentication components of Mobile Services have now been moved into the App Service Authentication/Authorization feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-255">The authentication components of Mobile Services have now been moved into the App Service Authentication/Authorization feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-256">You can learn about enabling this for your site by reading the [Add authentication to your mobile app](app-service-mobile-ios-get-started-users.md) topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-256">You can learn about enabling this for your site by reading the [Add authentication to your mobile app](app-service-mobile-ios-get-started-users.md) topic.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-257">For some providers, such as AAD, Facebook, and Google, you should be able to leverage the existing registration from your copy application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-257">For some providers, such as AAD, Facebook, and Google, you should be able to leverage the existing registration from your copy application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-258">You simply need to navigate to the identity provider's portal and add a new redirect URL to the registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-258">You simply need to navigate to the identity provider's portal and add a new redirect URL to the registration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-259">Then configure App Service Authentication/Authorization with the client ID and secret.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-259">Then configure App Service Authentication/Authorization with the client ID and secret.</span></span>

### <a name="controller-action-authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-260">Controller action authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-260">Controller action authorization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-261">Any instances of the `[AuthorizeLevel(AuthorizationLevel.User)]` attribute must now be changed to use the standard ASP.NET `[Authorize]` attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-261">Any instances of the `[AuthorizeLevel(AuthorizationLevel.User)]` attribute must now be changed to use the standard ASP.NET `[Authorize]` attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-262">Additionally, controllers are now Anonymous by default, as in other ASP.NET applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-262">Additionally, controllers are now Anonymous by default, as in other ASP.NET applications.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-263">If you were using one of the other AuthorizeLevel options, such as Admin or Application, please note that these are gone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-263">If you were using one of the other AuthorizeLevel options, such as Admin or Application, please note that these are gone.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-264">You can instead set up AuthorizationFilters for shared secrets or configure an AAD Service Principal to enable service-to-service calls securely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-264">You can instead set up AuthorizationFilters for shared secrets or configure an AAD Service Principal to enable service-to-service calls securely.</span></span>

### <a name="getting-additional-user-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-265">Getting additional user information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-265">Getting additional user information</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-266">You can get additional user information, including access tokens through the `GetAppServiceIdentityAsync()` method:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-266">You can get additional user information, including access tokens through the `GetAppServiceIdentityAsync()` method:</span></span>

        FacebookCredentials creds = await this.User.GetAppServiceIdentityAsync<FacebookCredentials>();

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-267">Additionally, if your application takes dependencies on user IDs, such as storing them in a database, it is important to note that the user IDs between Mobile Services and App Service Mobile Apps are different.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-267">Additionally, if your application takes dependencies on user IDs, such as storing them in a database, it is important to note that the user IDs between Mobile Services and App Service Mobile Apps are different.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-268">You can still get the Mobile Services User ID, though.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-268">You can still get the Mobile Services User ID, though.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-269">All of the ProviderCredentials subclasses have a UserId property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-269">All of the ProviderCredentials subclasses have a UserId property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-270">So continuing from the example before:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-270">So continuing from the example before:</span></span>

        string mobileServicesUserId = creds.Provider + ":" + creds.UserId;

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-271">If your app does take any dependencies on user IDs, it is important that you leverage the same registration with an identity provider if possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-271">If your app does take any dependencies on user IDs, it is important that you leverage the same registration with an identity provider if possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-272">User IDs are typically scoped to the application registration that was used, so introducing a new registration could create problems with matching users to their data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-272">User IDs are typically scoped to the application registration that was used, so introducing a new registration could create problems with matching users to their data.</span></span>

### <a name="custom-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-273">Custom authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-273">Custom authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-274">If your app is using a custom authentication solution, you will want to make sure that the upgraded site has access to the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-274">If your app is using a custom authentication solution, you will want to make sure that the upgraded site has access to the system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-275">Follow the new instructions for custom authentication in the [.NET server SDK overview] to integrate your solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-275">Follow the new instructions for custom authentication in the [.NET server SDK overview] to integrate your solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-276">Please note that the custom authentication components are still in preview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-276">Please note that the custom authentication components are still in preview.</span></span>

## <a name="updating-clients"></a><span data-ttu-id="2420f-277">Updating clients</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-277">Updating clients</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2420f-278">Once you have an operational Mobile App backend, you can work on a new version of your client application which consumes it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-278">Once you have an operational Mobile App backend, you can work on a new version of your client application which consumes it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-279">Mobile Apps also includes a new version of the client SDKs, and similar to the server upgrade above, you will need to remove all references to the Mobile Services SDKs before installing the Mobile Apps versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-279">Mobile Apps also includes a new version of the client SDKs, and similar to the server upgrade above, you will need to remove all references to the Mobile Services SDKs before installing the Mobile Apps versions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-280">One of the main changes between the versions is that the constructors no longer require an application key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-280">One of the main changes between the versions is that the constructors no longer require an application key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-281">You now simply pass in the URL of your Mobile App.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-281">You now simply pass in the URL of your Mobile App.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-282">For example, on the .NET clients, the `MobileServiceClient` constructor is now:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-282">For example, on the .NET clients, the `MobileServiceClient` constructor is now:</span></span>

        public static MobileServiceClient MobileService = new MobileServiceClient(
            "https://contoso.azurewebsites.net", // URL of the Mobile App
        );

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-283">You can read about installing the new SDKs and using the new structure via the links below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-283">You can read about installing the new SDKs and using the new structure via the links below:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="2420f-284">iOS version 3.0.0 or later</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-284">iOS version 3.0.0 or later</span></span>](app-service-mobile-ios-how-to-use-client-library.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="2420f-285">.NET (Windows/Xamarin) version 2.0.0 or later</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-285">.NET (Windows/Xamarin) version 2.0.0 or later</span></span>](app-service-mobile-dotnet-how-to-use-client-library.md)

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-286">If your application makes use of push notifications, make note of the specific registration instructions for each platform, as there have been some changes there as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-286">If your application makes use of push notifications, make note of the specific registration instructions for each platform, as there have been some changes there as well.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2420f-287">When you have the new client version ready, try it out against your upgraded server project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-287">When you have the new client version ready, try it out against your upgraded server project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-288">After validating that it works, you can release a new version of your application to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-288">After validating that it works, you can release a new version of your application to customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-289">Eventually, once your customers have had a chance to receive these updates, you can delete the Mobile Services version of your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-289">Eventually, once your customers have had a chance to receive these updates, you can delete the Mobile Services version of your app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2420f-290">At this point, you have completely upgraded to an App Service Mobile App using the latest Mobile Apps server SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2420f-290">At this point, you have completely upgraded to an App Service Mobile App using the latest Mobile Apps server SDK.</span></span>

<!-- URLs. -->

[Azure portal]: https://portal.azure.com/
[Azure classic portal]: https://manage.windowsazure.com/
[What are Mobile Apps?]: app-service-mobile-value-prop.md
[I already use web sites and mobile services  how does App Service help me?]: /en-us/documentation/articles/app-service-mobile-value-prop-migration-from-mobile-services
[Mobile App Server SDK]: http://www.nuget.org/packages/microsoft.azure.mobile.server
[Create a Mobile App]: app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started.md
[Add push notifications to your mobile app]: app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started-push.md
[Add authentication to your mobile app]: app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started-users.md
[Azure Scheduler]: /en-us/documentation/services/scheduler/
[Web Job]: ../app-service-web/websites-webjobs-resources.md
[How to use the .NET server SDK]: app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md
[Migrate from Mobile Services to an App Service Mobile App]: app-service-mobile-migrating-from-mobile-services.md
[Migrate your existing Mobile Service to App Service]: app-service-mobile-migrating-from-mobile-services.md
[App Service pricing]: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/app-service/
[.NET server SDK overview]: app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md
