---
title: Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps | Microsoft Docs
description: Conceptual reference and overview of the offline data sync feature for Azure Mobile Apps
documentationcenter: windows
author: adrianhall
manager: adrianha
editor: ''
services: app-service\mobile
ms.assetid: 982fb683-8884-40da-96e6-77eeca2500e3
ms.service: app-service-mobile
ms.workload: mobile
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: multiple
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/30/2016
ms.author: adrianha
ms.openlocfilehash: 49b4c916287a6d28ff20dbc7f8738a87b7a73911
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552440"
---
# <a name="offline-data-sync-in-azure-mobile-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="40a79-103">Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-103">Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps</span></span>
## <a name="what-is-offline-data-sync"></a><span data-ttu-id="40a79-104">What is offline data sync?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-104">What is offline data sync?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="40a79-105">Offline data sync is a client and server SDK feature of Azure Mobile Apps that makes it easy for developers to create apps that are functional without a network connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-105">Offline data sync is a client and server SDK feature of Azure Mobile Apps that makes it easy for developers to create apps that are functional without a network connection.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="40a79-106">When your app is in offline mode, you can still create and modify data, which are saved to a local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-106">When your app is in offline mode, you can still create and modify data, which are saved to a local store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-107">When the app is back online, it can synchronize local changes with your Azure Mobile App backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-107">When the app is back online, it can synchronize local changes with your Azure Mobile App backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-108">The feature also includes support for detecting conflicts when the same record is changed on both the client and the backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-108">The feature also includes support for detecting conflicts when the same record is changed on both the client and the backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-109">Conflicts can then be handled either on the server or the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-109">Conflicts can then be handled either on the server or the client.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="40a79-110">Offline sync has several benefits:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-110">Offline sync has several benefits:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-111">Improve app responsiveness by caching server data locally on the device</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-111">Improve app responsiveness by caching server data locally on the device</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-112">Create robust apps that remain useful when there are network issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-112">Create robust apps that remain useful when there are network issues</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-113">Allow end users to create and modify data even when there is no network access, supporting scenarios with little or no connectivity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-113">Allow end users to create and modify data even when there is no network access, supporting scenarios with little or no connectivity</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-114">Sync data across multiple devices and detect conflicts when the same record is modified by two devices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-114">Sync data across multiple devices and detect conflicts when the same record is modified by two devices</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-115">Limit network use on high-latency or metered networks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-115">Limit network use on high-latency or metered networks</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="40a79-116">The following tutorials show how to add offline sync to your mobile clients using Azure Mobile Apps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-116">The following tutorials show how to add offline sync to your mobile clients using Azure Mobile Apps:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-117">[Android: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-117">[Android: Enable offline sync]</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="40a79-118">Apache Cordova: Enable offline sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-118">Apache Cordova: Enable offline sync</span></span>](app-service-mobile-cordova-get-started-offline-data.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-119">[iOS: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-119">[iOS: Enable offline sync]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-120">[Xamarin iOS: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-120">[Xamarin iOS: Enable offline sync]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-121">[Xamarin Android: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-121">[Xamarin Android: Enable offline sync]</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="40a79-122">Xamarin.Forms: Enable offline sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-122">Xamarin.Forms: Enable offline sync</span></span>](app-service-mobile-xamarin-forms-get-started-offline-data.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-123">[Universal Windows Platform: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-123">[Universal Windows Platform: Enable offline sync]</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-a-sync-table"></a><span data-ttu-id="40a79-124">What is a sync table?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-124">What is a sync table?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="40a79-125">To access the "/tables" endpoint, the Azure Mobile client SDKs provide interfaces such as `IMobileServiceTable` (.NET client SDK) or `MSTable` (iOS client).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-125">To access the "/tables" endpoint, the Azure Mobile client SDKs provide interfaces such as `IMobileServiceTable` (.NET client SDK) or `MSTable` (iOS client).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-126">These APIs connect directly to the Azure Mobile App backend and fail if the client device does not have a network connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-126">These APIs connect directly to the Azure Mobile App backend and fail if the client device does not have a network connection.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="40a79-127">To support offline use, your app should instead use the *sync table* APIs, such as `IMobileServiceSyncTable` (.NET client SDK) or `MSSyncTable` (iOS client).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-127">To support offline use, your app should instead use the *sync table* APIs, such as `IMobileServiceSyncTable` (.NET client SDK) or `MSSyncTable` (iOS client).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-128">All the same CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) work against sync table APIs, except now they read from or write to a *local store*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-128">All the same CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) work against sync table APIs, except now they read from or write to a *local store*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-129">Before any sync table operations can be performed, the local store must be initialized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-129">Before any sync table operations can be performed, the local store must be initialized.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-a-local-store"></a><span data-ttu-id="40a79-130">What is a local store?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-130">What is a local store?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="40a79-131">A local store is the data persistence layer on the client device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-131">A local store is the data persistence layer on the client device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-132">The Azure Mobile Apps client SDKs provide a default local store implementation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-132">The Azure Mobile Apps client SDKs provide a default local store implementation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-133">On Windows, Xamarin and Android, it is based on SQLite.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-133">On Windows, Xamarin and Android, it is based on SQLite.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-134">On iOS, it is based on Core Data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-134">On iOS, it is based on Core Data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="40a79-135">To use the SQLite-based implementation on Windows Phone or Windows Store 8.1, you need to install a SQLite extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-135">To use the SQLite-based implementation on Windows Phone or Windows Store 8.1, you need to install a SQLite extension.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-136">For more information, see [Universal Windows Platform: Enable offline sync]. Android and iOS ship with a version of SQLite in the device operating system itself, so it is not necessary to reference your own version of SQLite.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-136">For more information, see [Universal Windows Platform: Enable offline sync]. Android and iOS ship with a version of SQLite in the device operating system itself, so it is not necessary to reference your own version of SQLite.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="40a79-137">Developers can also implement their own local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-137">Developers can also implement their own local store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-138">For instance, if you wish to store data in an encrypted format on the mobile client, you can define a local store that uses SQLCipher for encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-138">For instance, if you wish to store data in an encrypted format on the mobile client, you can define a local store that uses SQLCipher for encryption.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-a-sync-context"></a><span data-ttu-id="40a79-139">What is a sync context?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-139">What is a sync context?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="40a79-140">A *sync context* is associated with a mobile client object (such as `IMobileServiceClient` or `MSClient`) and tracks changes that are made with sync tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-140">A *sync context* is associated with a mobile client object (such as `IMobileServiceClient` or `MSClient`) and tracks changes that are made with sync tables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-141">The sync context maintains an *operation queue*, which keeps an ordered list of CUD operations (Create, Update, Delete) that is later be sent to the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-141">The sync context maintains an *operation queue*, which keeps an ordered list of CUD operations (Create, Update, Delete) that is later be sent to the server.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="40a79-142">A local store is associated with the sync context using an initialize method such as `IMobileServicesSyncContext.InitializeAsync(localstore)` in the [.NET client SDK].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-142">A local store is associated with the sync context using an initialize method such as `IMobileServicesSyncContext.InitializeAsync(localstore)` in the [.NET client SDK].</span></span>

## <a name="how-sync-works"></a><span data-ttu-id="40a79-143">How offline synchronization works</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-143">How offline synchronization works</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="40a79-144">When using sync tables, your client code controls when local changes are synchronized with an Azure Mobile App backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-144">When using sync tables, your client code controls when local changes are synchronized with an Azure Mobile App backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-145">Nothing is sent to the backend until there is a call to *push* local changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-145">Nothing is sent to the backend until there is a call to *push* local changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-146">Similarly, the local store is populated with new data only when there is a call to *pull* data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-146">Similarly, the local store is populated with new data only when there is a call to *pull* data.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-147">**Push**: Push is an operation on the sync context and sends all CUD changes since the last push.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-147">**Push**: Push is an operation on the sync context and sends all CUD changes since the last push.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-148">Note that it is not possible to send only an individual table's changes, because otherwise operations could be sent out of order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-148">Note that it is not possible to send only an individual table's changes, because otherwise operations could be sent out of order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-149">Push executes a series of REST calls to your Azure Mobile App backend, which in turn modifies your server database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-149">Push executes a series of REST calls to your Azure Mobile App backend, which in turn modifies your server database.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-150">**Pull**: Pull is performed on a per-table basis and can be customized with a query to retrieve only a subset of the server data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-150">**Pull**: Pull is performed on a per-table basis and can be customized with a query to retrieve only a subset of the server data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-151">The Azure Mobile client SDKs then insert the resulting data into the local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-151">The Azure Mobile client SDKs then insert the resulting data into the local store.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-152">**Implicit Pushes**: If a pull is executed against a table that has pending local updates, the pull first executes a `push()` on the sync context.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-152">**Implicit Pushes**: If a pull is executed against a table that has pending local updates, the pull first executes a `push()` on the sync context.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-153">This push helps minimize conflicts between changes that are already queued and new data from the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-153">This push helps minimize conflicts between changes that are already queued and new data from the server.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-154">**Incremental Sync**: the first parameter to the pull operation is a *query name* that is used only on the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-154">**Incremental Sync**: the first parameter to the pull operation is a *query name* that is used only on the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-155">If you use a non-null query name, the Azure Mobile SDK performs an *incremental sync*. Each time a pull operation returns a set of results, the latest `updatedAt` timestamp from that result set is stored in the SDK local system tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-155">If you use a non-null query name, the Azure Mobile SDK performs an *incremental sync*. Each time a pull operation returns a set of results, the latest `updatedAt` timestamp from that result set is stored in the SDK local system tables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-156">Subsequent pull operations retrieve only records after that timestamp.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-156">Subsequent pull operations retrieve only records after that timestamp.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-157">To use incremental sync, your server must return meaningful `updatedAt` values and must also support sorting by this field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-157">To use incremental sync, your server must return meaningful `updatedAt` values and must also support sorting by this field.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-158">However, since the SDK adds its own sort on the updatedAt field, you cannot use a pull query that has its own `orderBy` clause.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-158">However, since the SDK adds its own sort on the updatedAt field, you cannot use a pull query that has its own `orderBy` clause.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-159">The query name can be any string you choose, but it must be unique for each logical query in your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-159">The query name can be any string you choose, but it must be unique for each logical query in your app.</span></span>
  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-160">Otherwise, different pull operations could overwrite the same incremental sync timestamp and your queries can return incorrect results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-160">Otherwise, different pull operations could overwrite the same incremental sync timestamp and your queries can return incorrect results.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-161">If the query has a parameter, one way to create a unique query name is to incorporate the parameter value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-161">If the query has a parameter, one way to create a unique query name is to incorporate the parameter value.</span></span>
  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-162">For instance, if you are filtering on userid, your query name could be as follows (in C#):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-162">For instance, if you are filtering on userid, your query name could be as follows (in C#):</span></span>

        await todoTable.PullAsync("todoItems" + userid,
            syncTable.Where(u => u.UserId == userid));

  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-163">If you want to opt out of incremental sync, pass `null` as the query ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-163">If you want to opt out of incremental sync, pass `null` as the query ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-164">In this case, all records are retrieved on every call to `PullAsync`, which is potentially inefficient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-164">In this case, all records are retrieved on every call to `PullAsync`, which is potentially inefficient.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-165">**Purging**: You can clear the contents of the local store using `IMobileServiceSyncTable.PurgeAsync`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-165">**Purging**: You can clear the contents of the local store using `IMobileServiceSyncTable.PurgeAsync`.</span></span>
  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-166">Purging may be necessary if you have stale data in the client database, or if you wish to discard all pending changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-166">Purging may be necessary if you have stale data in the client database, or if you wish to discard all pending changes.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-167">A purge clears a table from the local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-167">A purge clears a table from the local store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-168">If there are operations awaiting synchronization with the server database, the purge throws an exception unless the *force purge* parameter is set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-168">If there are operations awaiting synchronization with the server database, the purge throws an exception unless the *force purge* parameter is set.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="40a79-169">As an example of stale data on the client, suppose in the "todo list" example, Device1 only pulls items that are not completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-169">As an example of stale data on the client, suppose in the "todo list" example, Device1 only pulls items that are not completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-170">A todoitem "Buy milk" is marked completed on the server by another device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-170">A todoitem "Buy milk" is marked completed on the server by another device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-171">However, Device1 still has the "Buy milk" todoitem in local store because it is only pulling items that are not marked complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-171">However, Device1 still has the "Buy milk" todoitem in local store because it is only pulling items that are not marked complete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="40a79-172">A purge clears this stale item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-172">A purge clears this stale item.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="40a79-173">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-173">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-174">[iOS: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-174">[iOS: Enable offline sync]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-175">[Xamarin iOS: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-175">[Xamarin iOS: Enable offline sync]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-176">[Xamarin Android: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-176">[Xamarin Android: Enable offline sync]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="40a79-177">[Universal Windows Platform: Enable offline sync]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="40a79-177">[Universal Windows Platform: Enable offline sync]</span></span>

<!-- Links -->
[.NET client SDK]: app-service-mobile-dotnet-how-to-use-client-library.md
[Android: Enable offline sync]: app-service-mobile-android-get-started-offline-data.md
[iOS: Enable offline sync]: app-service-mobile-ios-get-started-offline-data.md
[Xamarin iOS: Enable offline sync]: app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started-offline-data.md
[Xamarin Android: Enable offline sync]: app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started-offline-data.md
[Universal Windows Platform: Enable offline sync]: app-service-mobile-windows-store-dotnet-get-started-offline-data.md
