---
title: Enable offline sync for your Azure Mobile App (Xamarin iOS)
description: Learn how to use App Service Mobile App to cache and sync offline data in your Xamarin iOS application
documentationcenter: xamarin
author: adrianhall
manager: adrianha
editor: ''
services: app-service\mobile
ms.assetid: 828a287c-5d58-4540-9527-1309ebb0f32b
ms.service: app-service-mobile
ms.workload: mobile
ms.tgt_pltfrm: mobile-xamarin-ios
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/01/2016
ms.author: adrianha
ms.openlocfilehash: 4fc95fe60dcc1fa6f389db471685c9f900ae2332
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553761"
---
# <a name="enable-offline-sync-for-your-xamarinios-mobile-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-103">Enable offline sync for your Xamarin.iOS mobile app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-103">Enable offline sync for your Xamarin.iOS mobile app</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-selector-offline](../../includes/app-service-mobile-selector-offline.md)]

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-105">This tutorial introduces the offline sync feature of Azure Mobile Apps for Xamarin.iOS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-105">This tutorial introduces the offline sync feature of Azure Mobile Apps for Xamarin.iOS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-106">Offline sync allows end users to interact with a mobile app--viewing, adding, or modifying data--even when there is no network connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-106">Offline sync allows end users to interact with a mobile app--viewing, adding, or modifying data--even when there is no network connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-107">Changes are stored in a local database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-107">Changes are stored in a local database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-108">Once the device is back online, these changes are synced with the remote service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-108">Once the device is back online, these changes are synced with the remote service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-109">In this tutorial, update the Xamarin.iOS app project from [Create a Xamarin iOS app] to support the offline features of Azure Mobile Apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-109">In this tutorial, update the Xamarin.iOS app project from [Create a Xamarin iOS app] to support the offline features of Azure Mobile Apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-110">If you do not use the downloaded quick start server project, you must add the data access extension packages to your project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-110">If you do not use the downloaded quick start server project, you must add the data access extension packages to your project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-111">For more information about server extension packages, see [Work with the .NET backend server SDK for Azure Mobile Apps](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-111">For more information about server extension packages, see [Work with the .NET backend server SDK for Azure Mobile Apps](app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-112">To learn more about the offline sync feature, see the topic [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-112">To learn more about the offline sync feature, see the topic [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span></span>

## <a name="update-the-client-app-to-support-offline-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-113">Update the client app to support offline features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-113">Update the client app to support offline features</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-114">Azure Mobile App offline features allow you to interact with a local database when you are in an offline scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-114">Azure Mobile App offline features allow you to interact with a local database when you are in an offline scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-115">To use these features in your app, initialize a [SyncContext] to a local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-115">To use these features in your app, initialize a [SyncContext] to a local store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-116">Reference your table through the [IMobileServiceSyncTable] interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-116">Reference your table through the [IMobileServiceSyncTable] interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-117">SQLite is used as the local store on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-117">SQLite is used as the local store on the device.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-118">Open the NuGet package manager in the project that you completed in the [Create a Xamarin iOS app] tutorial,  then search for and install the **Microsoft.Azure.Mobile.Client.SQLiteStore** NuGet package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-118">Open the NuGet package manager in the project that you completed in the [Create a Xamarin iOS app] tutorial,  then search for and install the **Microsoft.Azure.Mobile.Client.SQLiteStore** NuGet package.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-119">Open the QSTodoService.cs file and uncomment the `#define OFFLINE_SYNC_ENABLED` definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-119">Open the QSTodoService.cs file and uncomment the `#define OFFLINE_SYNC_ENABLED` definition.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-120">Rebuild and run the client app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-120">Rebuild and run the client app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-121">The app works the same as it did before you enabled offline sync. However, the local database is now populated with data that can be used in an offline scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-121">The app works the same as it did before you enabled offline sync. However, the local database is now populated with data that can be used in an offline scenario.</span></span>

## <a name="update-sync"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-122">Update the app to disconnect from the backend</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-122">Update the app to disconnect from the backend</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-123">In this section, you break the connection to your Mobile App backend to simulate an offline situation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-123">In this section, you break the connection to your Mobile App backend to simulate an offline situation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-124">When you add data items, your exception handler tells you that the app is in offline mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-124">When you add data items, your exception handler tells you that the app is in offline mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-125">In this state, new items added in the local store and will be synced to the mobile app backend when push is next run in a connected state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-125">In this state, new items added in the local store and will be synced to the mobile app backend when push is next run in a connected state.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-126">Edit QSToDoService.cs in the shared project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-126">Edit QSToDoService.cs in the shared project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-127">Change the **applicationURL** to point to an invalid URL:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-127">Change the **applicationURL** to point to an invalid URL:</span></span>
   
         const string applicationURL = @"https://your-service.azurewebsites.fail";
   
    <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-128">You can also demonstrate offline behavior by disabling wifi and cellular networks on the device or using airplane mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-128">You can also demonstrate offline behavior by disabling wifi and cellular networks on the device or using airplane mode.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-129">Build and run the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-129">Build and run the app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-130">Notice your sync failed on refresh when the app launched.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-130">Notice your sync failed on refresh when the app launched.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-131">Enter new items and notice that push fails with a [CancelledByNetworkError] status each time you click **Save**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-131">Enter new items and notice that push fails with a [CancelledByNetworkError] status each time you click **Save**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-132">However, the new todo items exist in the local store until they can be pushed to the mobile app backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-132">However, the new todo items exist in the local store until they can be pushed to the mobile app backend.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-133">In a production app, if you suppress these exceptions the client app behaves as if it's still connected to the mobile app backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-133">In a production app, if you suppress these exceptions the client app behaves as if it's still connected to the mobile app backend.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-134">Close the app and restart it to verify that the new items you created are persisted to the local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-134">Close the app and restart it to verify that the new items you created are persisted to the local store.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-135">(Optional) If you have Visual Studio installed on a PC, open **Server Explorer**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-135">(Optional) If you have Visual Studio installed on a PC, open **Server Explorer**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-136">Navigate to your database in **Azure**-> **SQL Databases**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-136">Navigate to your database in **Azure**-> **SQL Databases**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-137">Right-click your database and select **Open in SQL Server Object Explorer**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-137">Right-click your database and select **Open in SQL Server Object Explorer**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-138">Now you can browse to your SQL database table and its contents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-138">Now you can browse to your SQL database table and its contents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-139">Verify that the data in the backend database has not changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-139">Verify that the data in the backend database has not changed.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-140">(Optional) Use a REST tool such as Fiddler or Postman to query your mobile backend, using a GET query in the form `https://<your-mobile-app-backend-name>.azurewebsites.net/tables/TodoItem`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-140">(Optional) Use a REST tool such as Fiddler or Postman to query your mobile backend, using a GET query in the form `https://<your-mobile-app-backend-name>.azurewebsites.net/tables/TodoItem`.</span></span>

## <a name="update-online-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-141">Update the app to reconnect your Mobile App backend</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-141">Update the app to reconnect your Mobile App backend</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-142">In this section, reconnect the app to the mobile app backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-142">In this section, reconnect the app to the mobile app backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-143">This simulates the app moving from an offline state to an online state with the mobile app backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-143">This simulates the app moving from an offline state to an online state with the mobile app backend.</span></span>   <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-144">If you simulated the network breakage by turning off network connectivity, no code changes are needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-144">If you simulated the network breakage by turning off network connectivity, no code changes are needed.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-145">Turn the network on again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-145">Turn the network on again.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-146">When you first run the application, the `RefreshDataAsync` method is called.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-146">When you first run the application, the `RefreshDataAsync` method is called.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-147">This in turn calls `SyncAsync` to sync your local store with the backend database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-147">This in turn calls `SyncAsync` to sync your local store with the backend database.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-148">Open QSToDoService.cs in the shared project, and revert your change of the **applicationURL** property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-148">Open QSToDoService.cs in the shared project, and revert your change of the **applicationURL** property.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-149">Rebuild and run the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-149">Rebuild and run the app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-150">The app syncs your local changes with the Azure Mobile App backend using push and pull operations when the `OnRefreshItemsSelected` method executes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-150">The app syncs your local changes with the Azure Mobile App backend using push and pull operations when the `OnRefreshItemsSelected` method executes.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-151">(Optional) View the updated data using either SQL Server Object Explorer or a REST tool like Fiddler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-151">(Optional) View the updated data using either SQL Server Object Explorer or a REST tool like Fiddler.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-152">Notice the data has been synchronized between the Azure Mobile App backend database and the local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-152">Notice the data has been synchronized between the Azure Mobile App backend database and the local store.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-153">In the app, click the check box beside a few items to complete them in the local store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-153">In the app, click the check box beside a few items to complete them in the local store.</span></span>
   
   <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-154">`CompleteItemAsync` calls `SyncAsync` to sync each completed item with the Mobile App backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-154">`CompleteItemAsync` calls `SyncAsync` to sync each completed item with the Mobile App backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-155">`SyncAsync` calls both push and pull.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-155">`SyncAsync` calls both push and pull.</span></span>
   <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-156">**Whenever you execute a pull against a table that the client has made changes to, a push on the client sync context is always executed first automatically**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-156">**Whenever you execute a pull against a table that the client has made changes to, a push on the client sync context is always executed first automatically**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-157">The implicit push ensures all tables in the local store along with relationships remain consistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-157">The implicit push ensures all tables in the local store along with relationships remain consistent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-158">For more information on this behavior, see [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-158">For more information on this behavior, see [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span></span>

## <a name="review-the-client-sync-code"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-159">Review the client sync code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-159">Review the client sync code</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-160">The Xamarin client project that you downloaded when you completed the tutorial [Create a Xamarin iOS app] already contains code supporting offline synchronization using a local SQLite database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-160">The Xamarin client project that you downloaded when you completed the tutorial [Create a Xamarin iOS app] already contains code supporting offline synchronization using a local SQLite database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-161">Here is a brief overview of what is already included in the tutorial code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-161">Here is a brief overview of what is already included in the tutorial code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-162">For a conceptual overview of the feature, see [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-162">For a conceptual overview of the feature, see [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-163">Before any table operations can be performed, the local store must be initialized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-163">Before any table operations can be performed, the local store must be initialized.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-164">The local store database is initialized when `QSTodoListViewController.ViewDidLoad()` executes `QSTodoService.InitializeStoreAsync()`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-164">The local store database is initialized when `QSTodoListViewController.ViewDidLoad()` executes `QSTodoService.InitializeStoreAsync()`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-165">This method creates a new local SQLite database using the `MobileServiceSQLiteStore` class provided by the Azure Mobile App client SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-165">This method creates a new local SQLite database using the `MobileServiceSQLiteStore` class provided by the Azure Mobile App client SDK.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-166">The `DefineTable` method creates a table in the local store that matches the fields in the provided type, `ToDoItem` in this case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-166">The `DefineTable` method creates a table in the local store that matches the fields in the provided type, `ToDoItem` in this case.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-167">The type doesn't have to include all the columns that are in the remote database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-167">The type doesn't have to include all the columns that are in the remote database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-168">It is possible to store just a subset of columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-168">It is possible to store just a subset of columns.</span></span>
  
        // QSTodoService.cs
  
        public async Task InitializeStoreAsync()
        {
            var store = new MobileServiceSQLiteStore(localDbPath);
            store.DefineTable<ToDoItem>();
  
            // Uses the default conflict handler, which fails on conflict
            await client.SyncContext.InitializeAsync(store);
        }
* <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-169">The `todoTable` member of `QSTodoService` is of the `IMobileServiceSyncTable` type instead of `IMobileServiceTable`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-169">The `todoTable` member of `QSTodoService` is of the `IMobileServiceSyncTable` type instead of `IMobileServiceTable`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-170">The IMobileServiceSyncTable directs all create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) table operations to the local store database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-170">The IMobileServiceSyncTable directs all create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) table operations to the local store database.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-171">You decide when those changes are pushed to the Azure Mobile App backend by calling `IMobileServiceSyncContext.PushAsync()`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-171">You decide when those changes are pushed to the Azure Mobile App backend by calling `IMobileServiceSyncContext.PushAsync()`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-172">The sync context helps preserve table relationships by tracking and pushing changes in all tables a client app has modified when `PushAsync` is called.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-172">The sync context helps preserve table relationships by tracking and pushing changes in all tables a client app has modified when `PushAsync` is called.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-173">The provided code calls `QSTodoService.SyncAsync()` to sync whenever the todoitem list is refreshed or a todoitem is added or completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-173">The provided code calls `QSTodoService.SyncAsync()` to sync whenever the todoitem list is refreshed or a todoitem is added or completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-174">The app syncs after every local change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-174">The app syncs after every local change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-175">If a pull is executed against a table that has pending local updates tracked by the context, that pull operation will automatically trigger a context push first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-175">If a pull is executed against a table that has pending local updates tracked by the context, that pull operation will automatically trigger a context push first.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-176">In the provided code, all records in the remote `TodoItem` table are queried, but it is also possible to filter records by passing a query id and query to `PushAsync`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-176">In the provided code, all records in the remote `TodoItem` table are queried, but it is also possible to filter records by passing a query id and query to `PushAsync`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-177">For more information, see the section *Incremental Sync* in [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-177">For more information, see the section *Incremental Sync* in [Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps].</span></span>
  
        // QSTodoService.cs
        public async Task SyncAsync()
        {
            try
            {
                await client.SyncContext.PushAsync();
                await todoTable.PullAsync("allTodoItems", todoTable.CreateQuery()); // query ID is used for incremental sync
            }
  
            catch (MobileServiceInvalidOperationException e)
            {
                Console.Error.WriteLine(@"Sync Failed: {0}", e.Message);
            }
        }

## <a name="additional-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-178">Additional Resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-178">Additional Resources</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-179">[Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-179">[Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe0c5-180">[Azure Mobile Apps .NET SDK HOWTO][8]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe0c5-180">[Azure Mobile Apps .NET SDK HOWTO][8]</span></span>

<!-- Images -->

<!-- URLs. -->
[Create a Xamarin iOS app]: app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started.md
[Offline Data Sync in Azure Mobile Apps]: app-service-mobile-offline-data-sync.md
[SyncContext]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/microsoft.windowsazure.mobileservices.mobileserviceclient.synccontext(v=azure.10).aspx
[8]: app-service-mobile-dotnet-how-to-use-client-library.md
