---
title: Azure Mobile Engagement Troubleshooting Guide - Push/Reach
description: Troubleshooting user interaction and notification issues in Azure Mobile Engagement
services: mobile-engagement
documentationcenter: ''
author: piyushjo
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 3f1886b7-1fdd-47f4-b6b0-d79f158d5ef3
ms.service: mobile-engagement
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: mobile-multiple
ms.workload: mobile
ms.date: 08/19/2016
ms.author: piyushjo
ms.openlocfilehash: ef6f34404b97a6972fc136262920a1bdbc4117b0
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44662923"
---
# <a name="troubleshooting-guide-for-push-and-reach-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-103">Troubleshooting guide for Push and Reach issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-103">Troubleshooting guide for Push and Reach issues</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="42fa3-104">The following are possible issues you may encounter with how Azure Mobile Engagement sends information to your users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-104">The following are possible issues you may encounter with how Azure Mobile Engagement sends information to your users.</span></span>

## <a name="push-failures"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-105">Push failures</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-105">Push failures</span></span>
### <a name="issue"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-106">Issue</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-106">Issue</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-107">Pushes don't work (in app, out of app, or both).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-107">Pushes don't work (in app, out of app, or both).</span></span>

### <a name="causes"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-108">Causes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-108">Causes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-109">Many times a push failure is an indication that Azure Mobile Engagement, Reach, or another advanced feature of Azure Mobile Engagement is not correctly integrated or that an upgrade is required in the SDK to fix a known issue with a new OS or Device platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-109">Many times a push failure is an indication that Azure Mobile Engagement, Reach, or another advanced feature of Azure Mobile Engagement is not correctly integrated or that an upgrade is required in the SDK to fix a known issue with a new OS or Device platform.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-110">Test just an In App push and just an Out of App push to determine if something is an In App or Out of App issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-110">Test just an In App push and just an Out of App push to determine if something is an In App or Out of App issue.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-111">Test from both the UI and the API as a troubleshooting step to see what additional error information is available both places.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-111">Test from both the UI and the API as a troubleshooting step to see what additional error information is available both places.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-112">Out of App pushes won't work unless both Azure Mobile Engagement and Reach are integrated in the SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-112">Out of App pushes won't work unless both Azure Mobile Engagement and Reach are integrated in the SDK.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-113">Pushes won't work if certificates aren't valid, or are using PROD vs. DEV correctly (iOS only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-113">Pushes won't work if certificates aren't valid, or are using PROD vs. DEV correctly (iOS only).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-114">(**Note:** "Out of app" push notifications may not be delivered to iOS, if you have both the development (DEV) and production (PROD) versions of your application installed on the same device since the security token associated with your certificate may be invalidated by Apple.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-114">(**Note:** "Out of app" push notifications may not be delivered to iOS, if you have both the development (DEV) and production (PROD) versions of your application installed on the same device since the security token associated with your certificate may be invalidated by Apple.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-115">To resolve this issue, uninstall both the DEV and PROD versions of your application and re-install only the one version on your device.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-115">To resolve this issue, uninstall both the DEV and PROD versions of your application and re-install only the one version on your device.)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-116">Out of App push counts are handled differently in different platforms (iOS shows less information than Android if native pushes are disabled on a device, the API can provide more information than the UI on push stats).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-116">Out of App push counts are handled differently in different platforms (iOS shows less information than Android if native pushes are disabled on a device, the API can provide more information than the UI on push stats).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-117">Out of App pushes can be blocked by customers at OS level (iOS and Android).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-117">Out of App pushes can be blocked by customers at OS level (iOS and Android).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-118">Out of App pushes will be shown as disabled in the Azure Mobile Engagement UI if they aren't integrated correctly, but may fail silently from the API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-118">Out of App pushes will be shown as disabled in the Azure Mobile Engagement UI if they aren't integrated correctly, but may fail silently from the API.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-119">In App pushes won't work unless both Azure Mobile Engagement and Reach are integrated in the SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-119">In App pushes won't work unless both Azure Mobile Engagement and Reach are integrated in the SDK.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-120">GCM and ADM pushes won't work unless Azure Mobile Engagement and the specific server are integrated in the SDK (Android only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-120">GCM and ADM pushes won't work unless Azure Mobile Engagement and the specific server are integrated in the SDK (Android only).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-121">In App and Out of App pushes should be tested separately to determine if it is a Push or Reach issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-121">In App and Out of App pushes should be tested separately to determine if it is a Push or Reach issue.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-122">In App pushes require that the app be open to be received.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-122">In App pushes require that the app be open to be received.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-123">In App pushes are often setup to be filtered by an opt-in or opt-out app info tag.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-123">In App pushes are often setup to be filtered by an opt-in or opt-out app info tag.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-124">If you use a custom category in Reach to display in-app notifications, you need to follow the correct life-cycle of the notification, or else the notification may not be cleared when the user dismiss it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-124">If you use a custom category in Reach to display in-app notifications, you need to follow the correct life-cycle of the notification, or else the notification may not be cleared when the user dismiss it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-125">If you start a campaign with no end date and a device receives the in app notification but does not display it yet, the user will still receive the notification the next time they log into the app, even if you manually end the campaign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-125">If you start a campaign with no end date and a device receives the in app notification but does not display it yet, the user will still receive the notification the next time they log into the app, even if you manually end the campaign.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-126">For issues with the Push API, confirm that you really do want to use the Push API instead of the Reach API (since the Reach API is used more often) and that you are not confusing the "payload" and "notifier" parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-126">For issues with the Push API, confirm that you really do want to use the Push API instead of the Reach API (since the Reach API is used more often) and that you are not confusing the "payload" and "notifier" parameters.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-127">Test your push campaign with both a device connected via WIFI and 3G to eliminate the network connection as a possible source of problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-127">Test your push campaign with both a device connected via WIFI and 3G to eliminate the network connection as a possible source of problems.</span></span>

## <a name="push-testing"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-128">Push testing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-128">Push testing</span></span>
### <a name="issue"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-129">Issue</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-129">Issue</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-130">Pushes can be sent to a specific device based on a Device ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-130">Pushes can be sent to a specific device based on a Device ID.</span></span>

### <a name="causes"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-131">Causes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-131">Causes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-132">Test devices are setup differently for each platform, but causing an event in your app on a test device and looking for your Device ID in the portal should work to find your device ID for all platforms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-132">Test devices are setup differently for each platform, but causing an event in your app on a test device and looking for your Device ID in the portal should work to find your device ID for all platforms.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-133">Test devices work differently with IDFA vs. IDFV (iOS only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-133">Test devices work differently with IDFA vs. IDFV (iOS only).</span></span>

## <a name="push-customization"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-134">Push customization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-134">Push customization</span></span>
### <a name="issue"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-135">Issue</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-135">Issue</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-136">Advanced push content item won't work (badge, ring, vibrate, picture, etc.).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-136">Advanced push content item won't work (badge, ring, vibrate, picture, etc.).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-137">Links from pushes don't work (out of app, in app, to a website, to a location in app).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-137">Links from pushes don't work (out of app, in app, to a website, to a location in app).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-138">Push statistics show that a push was not sent to as many people as expected (too many or not enough).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-138">Push statistics show that a push was not sent to as many people as expected (too many or not enough).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-139">Push duplicated and received twice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-139">Push duplicated and received twice.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-140">Can't register test device for Azure Mobile Engagement Pushes (with your own Prod or DEV app).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-140">Can't register test device for Azure Mobile Engagement Pushes (with your own Prod or DEV app).</span></span>

### <a name="causes"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-141">Causes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-141">Causes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-142">To link to a specific location in app requires “categories” (Android only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-142">To link to a specific location in app requires “categories” (Android only).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-143">Deep linking schemes to redirect users to an alternate location after clicking a push notification need to be created in and managed by your application and the device OS not by Mobile Engagement directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-143">Deep linking schemes to redirect users to an alternate location after clicking a push notification need to be created in and managed by your application and the device OS not by Mobile Engagement directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-144">(**Note:** Out of app notifications can't link directly to in app locations with iOS as they can with Android.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-144">(**Note:** Out of app notifications can't link directly to in app locations with iOS as they can with Android.)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-145">External image servers need to be able to use HTTP "GET" and "HEAD" for big picture pushes to work (Android only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-145">External image servers need to be able to use HTTP "GET" and "HEAD" for big picture pushes to work (Android only).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-146">In your code, you can disable the Azure Mobile Engagement agent when the keyboard is opened, and have your code re-activate the Azure Mobile Engagement agent once the keyboard is closed so that the keyboard won't affect the appearance of your notification (iOS only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-146">In your code, you can disable the Azure Mobile Engagement agent when the keyboard is opened, and have your code re-activate the Azure Mobile Engagement agent once the keyboard is closed so that the keyboard won't affect the appearance of your notification (iOS only).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-147">Some items don't work in test simulations, but only real campaigns (badge, ring, vibrate, picture, etc.).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-147">Some items don't work in test simulations, but only real campaigns (badge, ring, vibrate, picture, etc.).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-148">No server side data is logged when you use the button to "test" pushes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-148">No server side data is logged when you use the button to "test" pushes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-149">Data is only logged for real push campaigns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-149">Data is only logged for real push campaigns.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-150">To help isolate your issue, troubleshoot with: test, simulate, and a real campaign since they each work slightly differently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-150">To help isolate your issue, troubleshoot with: test, simulate, and a real campaign since they each work slightly differently.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-151">The length of time your "in app" and "any time" campaigns are scheduled to run can effect delivery numbers since a campaign will only be delivered to users who are "in app" while the campaign runs (and users who have their device settings set to receive notifications "out of app").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-151">The length of time your "in app" and "any time" campaigns are scheduled to run can effect delivery numbers since a campaign will only be delivered to users who are "in app" while the campaign runs (and users who have their device settings set to receive notifications "out of app").</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-152">The differences between how Android and iOS handle out of app notifications makes it difficult to directly compare push statistics between the Android and iOS version of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-152">The differences between how Android and iOS handle out of app notifications makes it difficult to directly compare push statistics between the Android and iOS version of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-153">Android provides more OS level notification information than iOS does.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-153">Android provides more OS level notification information than iOS does.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-154">Android reports when a native notification is received, clicked, or deleted in the notification center, but iOS does not report this information unless the notification is clicked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-154">Android reports when a native notification is received, clicked, or deleted in the notification center, but iOS does not report this information unless the notification is clicked.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-155">The main reason that "pushed" numbers are different than different than "delivered" numbers for reach campaigns is that "in app" and "out of app" notifications are counted differently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-155">The main reason that "pushed" numbers are different than different than "delivered" numbers for reach campaigns is that "in app" and "out of app" notifications are counted differently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-156">"In app" notifications are handled by Mobile Engagement, but "Out of app" notifications are handled by the notification center in the OS of your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-156">"In app" notifications are handled by Mobile Engagement, but "Out of app" notifications are handled by the notification center in the OS of your device.</span></span>

## <a name="push-targeting"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-157">Push targeting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-157">Push targeting</span></span>
### <a name="issue"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-158">Issue</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-158">Issue</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-159">Built in targeting doesn't work as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-159">Built in targeting doesn't work as expected.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-160">App Info Tag targeting doesn't work as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-160">App Info Tag targeting doesn't work as expected.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-161">Geo-Location targeting doesn't work as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-161">Geo-Location targeting doesn't work as expected.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-162">Language options don't work as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-162">Language options don't work as expected.</span></span>

### <a name="causes"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-163">Causes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-163">Causes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-164">Make sure that you have uploaded app info tags via the Azure Mobile Engagement UI or API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-164">Make sure that you have uploaded app info tags via the Azure Mobile Engagement UI or API.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-165">Throttling the push speed or push quota at the application level, or limiting the audience at the campaign level can prevent a person from receiving a specific push even if they meet your other targeting criteria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-165">Throttling the push speed or push quota at the application level, or limiting the audience at the campaign level can prevent a person from receiving a specific push even if they meet your other targeting criteria.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-166">Setting a “Language” is different than targeting based on country or locale, which is also different than targeting based on Geo-location based on a phone location or GPS location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-166">Setting a “Language” is different than targeting based on country or locale, which is also different than targeting based on Geo-location based on a phone location or GPS location.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-167">The message in the “default language” is sent to any customer who doesn't have their device set to one of the alternate languages you specify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-167">The message in the “default language” is sent to any customer who doesn't have their device set to one of the alternate languages you specify.</span></span>

## <a name="push-scheduling"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-168">Push scheduling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-168">Push scheduling</span></span>
### <a name="issue"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-169">Issue</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-169">Issue</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-170">Push scheduling doesn't work as expected (sent too early or delayed).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-170">Push scheduling doesn't work as expected (sent too early or delayed).</span></span>

### <a name="causes"></a><span data-ttu-id="42fa3-171">Causes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-171">Causes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-172">Time zones can issues with scheduling, especially when using the end users' time zone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-172">Time zones can issues with scheduling, especially when using the end users' time zone.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-173">Advanced push features can delay pushes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-173">Advanced push features can delay pushes.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-174">Targeting based on phone settings (instead of App Info Tags) can delay pushes since Azure Mobile Engagement may have to request data from the phone real time before sending a push.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-174">Targeting based on phone settings (instead of App Info Tags) can delay pushes since Azure Mobile Engagement may have to request data from the phone real time before sending a push.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-175">Campaigns created without an end date store the push locally on the device and show it the next time the app is opened even if the campaign is manually ended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-175">Campaigns created without an end date store the push locally on the device and show it the next time the app is opened even if the campaign is manually ended.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-176">Starting more than one campaign at the same time can take a longer time to scan your user base (try to only start one campaign at a time with a maximum of four, also target only to your active users so that old users don't have to be scanned).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-176">Starting more than one campaign at the same time can take a longer time to scan your user base (try to only start one campaign at a time with a maximum of four, also target only to your active users so that old users don't have to be scanned).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-177">If you use the "Ignore Audience, push will be sent to users via the API" option in the "Campaign" section of a Reach campaign, the campaign will NOT automatically send, you will need to send it manually via the Reach API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-177">If you use the "Ignore Audience, push will be sent to users via the API" option in the "Campaign" section of a Reach campaign, the campaign will NOT automatically send, you will need to send it manually via the Reach API.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42fa3-178">If you use a custom category in Reach to display in-app notifications, you need to follow the correct life-cycle of a notification, or else the notification may not be cleared when the user dismiss it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42fa3-178">If you use a custom category in Reach to display in-app notifications, you need to follow the correct life-cycle of a notification, or else the notification may not be cleared when the user dismiss it.</span></span>

