---
title: Azure Mobile Engagement Troubleshooting Guides
description: Troubleshooting Guide for Azure Mobile Engagement
services: mobile-engagement
documentationcenter: ''
author: piyushjo
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 31134a29-a513-4e5e-b626-f6cf6fe04769
ms.service: mobile-engagement
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: mobile-multiple
ms.workload: mobile
ms.date: 08/19/2016
ms.author: piyushjo
ms.openlocfilehash: 93b5e3f4892f974bf9df28955956136528470e03
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552554"
---
# <a name="azure-mobile-engagement---troubleshooting-guide"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-103">Azure Mobile Engagement - Troubleshooting Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-103">Azure Mobile Engagement - Troubleshooting Guide</span></span>
## <a name="introduction"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-104">Introduction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-104">Introduction</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-105">The following troubleshooting guide will help you understand root causes of some commonly seen issues and will enable you to troubleshoot on your own.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-105">The following troubleshooting guide will help you understand root causes of some commonly seen issues and will enable you to troubleshoot on your own.</span></span> 

## <a name="general"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-106">General</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-106">General</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-107">In general, you should always ensure the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-107">In general, you should always ensure the following:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-108">Ensure that you have gone through all the steps required for integration as described in our [Getting Started tutorials](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-108">Ensure that you have gone through all the steps required for integration as described in our [Getting Started tutorials](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md)</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-109">You are using the latest version of the platform SDKs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-109">You are using the latest version of the platform SDKs.</span></span> 
3. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-110">Test on both an actual device and an emulator because some issues are specific to emulator only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-110">Test on both an actual device and an emulator because some issues are specific to emulator only.</span></span> 
4. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-111">You are not hitting any limits/throttles from Mobile Engagement which are documented [here](../azure-subscription-service-limits.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-111">You are not hitting any limits/throttles from Mobile Engagement which are documented [here](../azure-subscription-service-limits.md)</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-112">If you are not able to connect to the Mobile Engagement service backend or seeing data not being loaded continuously then ensure that there are no ongoing service incidents by checking [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-112">If you are not able to connect to the Mobile Engagement service backend or seeing data not being loaded continuously then ensure that there are no ongoing service incidents by checking [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/)</span></span>

## <a name="monitor-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-113">'Monitor' issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-113">'Monitor' issues</span></span>
### <a name="i-am-not-seeing-my-device-showing-up-on-the-monitor-tab"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-114">I am not seeing my device showing up on the Monitor tab</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-114">I am not seeing my device showing up on the Monitor tab</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-115">Monitor tab shows the devices connected to your Mobile Engagement platform in real-time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-115">Monitor tab shows the devices connected to your Mobile Engagement platform in real-time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-116">If you are debugging on an emulator and device, then you should see at least one session here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-116">If you are debugging on an emulator and device, then you should see at least one session here.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-117">If the app has been distributed, then you will see the Active Sessions gauge reflect the devices which are connected to the platform in real-time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-117">If the app has been distributed, then you will see the Active Sessions gauge reflect the devices which are connected to the platform in real-time.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="4442d-118">If you are not seeing your device on the Monitor tab then it is likely an SDK integration issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-118">If you are not seeing your device on the Monitor tab then it is likely an SDK integration issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-119">Some common steps to take to troubleshoot are as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-119">Some common steps to take to troubleshoot are as follows:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-120">Ensure that you are using the correct connection string in the mobile app and it is from the SDK keys section and not the API keys section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-120">Ensure that you are using the correct connection string in the mobile app and it is from the SDK keys section and not the API keys section.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-121">The connection string connects your mobile app to the instance of the Mobile Engagement app in which you will see your device on the Monitor tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-121">The connection string connects your mobile app to the instance of the Mobile Engagement app in which you will see your device on the Monitor tab.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-122">For Windows platform - if your page overrides the `OnNavigatedTo` method, make sure to call `base.OnNavigatedTo(e)`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-122">For Windows platform - if your page overrides the `OnNavigatedTo` method, make sure to call `base.OnNavigatedTo(e)`.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-123">If you are integrating Mobile Engagement into an existing mobile app then you can also ensure that you are not missing any steps by looking at the advanced integration steps [here](mobile-engagement-windows-store-integrate-engagement.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-123">If you are integrating Mobile Engagement into an existing mobile app then you can also ensure that you are not missing any steps by looking at the advanced integration steps [here](mobile-engagement-windows-store-integrate-engagement.md)</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-124">Ensure you are sending at least one screen/activity by overriding the page with EngagementActivity depending on the platform you are working as described in the [Getting Started tutorials](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-124">Ensure you are sending at least one screen/activity by overriding the page with EngagementActivity depending on the platform you are working as described in the [Getting Started tutorials](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md).</span></span>

### <a name="i-am-seeing-the-monitor-tab-showing-a-session-even-when-i-have-disconnected-or-closed-my-app-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-125">I am seeing the Monitor tab showing a session even when I have disconnected or closed my app/ emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-125">I am seeing the Monitor tab showing a session even when I have disconnected or closed my app/ emulator.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-126">If you are the only one connected to the platform at this point and you are using an emulator to open the app then this is likely due to emulator quirks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-126">If you are the only one connected to the platform at this point and you are using an emulator to open the app then this is likely due to emulator quirks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-127">In general, you need to ensure that you come back to the Home screen on the emulator for the app session to disconnect successfully.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-127">In general, you need to ensure that you come back to the Home screen on the emulator for the app session to disconnect successfully.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-128">Additionally, on Windows platform, while debugging with Visual Studio, you may need to ensure that in Visual Studio, you go to the **Lifecycle Events** menu bar and click on **Suspend** to really close the session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-128">Additionally, on Windows platform, while debugging with Visual Studio, you may need to ensure that in Visual Studio, you go to the **Lifecycle Events** menu bar and click on **Suspend** to really close the session.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-129">See [Windows tutorial](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-129">See [Windows tutorial](mobile-engagement-windows-store-dotnet-get-started.md) for details.</span></span> 

## <a name="analytics-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-130">'Analytics' issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-130">'Analytics' issues</span></span>
### <a name="i-am-not-seeing-any-data-refreshed-data-on-analytics-tab"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-131">I am not seeing any data/ refreshed data on Analytics tab</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-131">I am not seeing any data/ refreshed data on Analytics tab</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-132">Analytics data is recalculated on a regular basis and it could take upto 24 hours for this refresh.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-132">Analytics data is recalculated on a regular basis and it could take upto 24 hours for this refresh.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-133">This data isn't realtime and you will see it refreshed within this 24 hour time period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-133">This data isn't realtime and you will see it refreshed within this 24 hour time period.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-134">Please do ensure however that you are sending atleast one screen or Activity to the platform backend by either overriding atleast one page with `EngagementActivity` or calling `SendActivity` explcitly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-134">Please do ensure however that you are sending atleast one screen or Activity to the platform backend by either overriding atleast one page with `EngagementActivity` or calling `SendActivity` explcitly.</span></span> 

### <a name="i-am-seeing-incorrectly-captured-datetime-for-a-device-on-the-analytics-tab"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-135">I am seeing incorrectly captured date/time for a device on the Analytics tab</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-135">I am seeing incorrectly captured date/time for a device on the Analytics tab</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-136">The time period for Analytics is based on the date from the users' device settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-136">The time period for Analytics is based on the date from the users' device settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-137">So ensure that the device has the date correctly set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-137">So ensure that the device has the date correctly set.</span></span> 

## <a name="segment-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-138">'Segment' issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-138">'Segment' issues</span></span>
### <a name="i-created-a-segment-and-it-is-showing-up-as-greyed-out-or-not-showing-any-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-139">I created a segment and it is showing up as greyed out or not showing any data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-139">I created a segment and it is showing up as greyed out or not showing any data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-140">Segment creation isn't real-time at the moment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-140">Segment creation isn't real-time at the moment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-141">It is calculated at the same time as the analytics data is aggregated and so it could take upto 24 hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-141">It is calculated at the same time as the analytics data is aggregated and so it could take upto 24 hours.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-142">You should check back later but meanwhile you should also ensure that your mobile apps are indeed sending the data on the basis of which you are forming the segments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-142">You should check back later but meanwhile you should also ensure that your mobile apps are indeed sending the data on the basis of which you are forming the segments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-143">E.g.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-143">E.g.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-144">if an event say 'foo' isn't being sent by any mobile device then there wouldn't be any segment data for a segment created with EventName = foo as the criterion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-144">if an event say 'foo' isn't being sent by any mobile device then there wouldn't be any segment data for a segment created with EventName = foo as the criterion.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-145">You should also check your SDK integration to ensure your mobile app is sending the data correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-145">You should also check your SDK integration to ensure your mobile app is sending the data correctly.</span></span> 

## <a name="reach-or-push-notifications-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-146">'Reach' or Push Notifications issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-146">'Reach' or Push Notifications issues</span></span>
### <a name="my-push-messages-are-not-being-delivered"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-147">My push messages are not being delivered</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-147">My push messages are not being delivered</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-148">Try sending notifications to a test device first to ensure that all the components - mobile app, SDK and the service are connected correctly and able to deliver push notifications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-148">Try sending notifications to a test device first to ensure that all the components - mobile app, SDK and the service are connected correctly and able to deliver push notifications.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-149">Always send the simplest 'out-of-app notification' first via a campaign which is not scheduled and nor it has any audience criterion specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-149">Always send the simplest 'out-of-app notification' first via a campaign which is not scheduled and nor it has any audience criterion specified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-150">This is again to prove that notification connectivity is working correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-150">This is again to prove that notification connectivity is working correctly.</span></span> 
3. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-151">If you are having problems in delivering in-app notifications then also it is a good first step to try sending an out-of-app notification first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-151">If you are having problems in delivering in-app notifications then also it is a good first step to try sending an out-of-app notification first.</span></span> 
4. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-152">Ensure that the 'Native Push' is correctly configured for your mobile app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-152">Ensure that the 'Native Push' is correctly configured for your mobile app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-153">Depending on the platform it will either involve keys (Android, Windows) or certificates (iOS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-153">Depending on the platform it will either involve keys (Android, Windows) or certificates (iOS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-154">See [User Interface - Settings](mobile-engagement-user-interface-settings.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-154">See [User Interface - Settings](mobile-engagement-user-interface-settings.md)</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-155">Out of app notifications could also be blocked by the user via the mobile OS so ensure this is not the case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-155">Out of app notifications could also be blocked by the user via the mobile OS so ensure this is not the case.</span></span> 
6. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-156">Ensure that you are not setting the *Ignore Audience, push will be sent to users via the API* option in the **Campaign** section of a Reach campaign because this will ensure that push notifications could only be sent via APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-156">Ensure that you are not setting the *Ignore Audience, push will be sent to users via the API* option in the **Campaign** section of a Reach campaign because this will ensure that push notifications could only be sent via APIs.</span></span> 
7. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-157">Ensure that you are testing your push campaign with both a device connected via WIFI and phone operator network to eliminate the network connection as a possible source of problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-157">Ensure that you are testing your push campaign with both a device connected via WIFI and phone operator network to eliminate the network connection as a possible source of problems.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-158">Ensure that the system date/time on your device/emulator is correct because any out of sync device will also interfere with the Push Notification Service's ability to deliver notifications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-158">Ensure that the system date/time on your device/emulator is correct because any out of sync device will also interfere with the Push Notification Service's ability to deliver notifications.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="4442d-159">More platform specific troubleshooting instructions below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-159">More platform specific troubleshooting instructions below:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-160">**iOS**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-160">**iOS**</span></span> 
   
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-161">Ensure that the certificates are valid and unexpired for iOS Push Notifications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-161">Ensure that the certificates are valid and unexpired for iOS Push Notifications.</span></span> 
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-162">Ensure that you are correctly configuring a *Production* certificate in your Mobile Engagement app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-162">Ensure that you are correctly configuring a *Production* certificate in your Mobile Engagement app.</span></span> 
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-163">Ensure that you are testing on a *real, physical device.*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-163">Ensure that you are testing on a *real, physical device.*</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-164">The iOS simulator cannot process push messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-164">The iOS simulator cannot process push messages.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-165">Ensure that the Bundle Identifier is correctly configured in the mobile app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-165">Ensure that the Bundle Identifier is correctly configured in the mobile app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-166">See the instructions [here](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AddingCapabilities/AddingCapabilities.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012582-CH26-SW6)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-166">See the instructions [here](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AddingCapabilities/AddingCapabilities.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012582-CH26-SW6)</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-167">When testing, use "Ad Hoc" distribution in your mobile provisioning profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-167">When testing, use "Ad Hoc" distribution in your mobile provisioning profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-168">You will not be able to receive notification if your app is compiled using "Debug"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-168">You will not be able to receive notification if your app is compiled using "Debug"</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-169">**Android**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-169">**Android**</span></span>
   
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-170">Ensure that you have specified the correct Project number in your mobile app's AndroidManifest.xml file which is followed by \n character.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-170">Ensure that you have specified the correct Project number in your mobile app's AndroidManifest.xml file which is followed by \n character.</span></span> 
     
           <meta-data android:name="engagement:gcm:sender" android:value="************\n" />
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-171">Ensure that you are not missing or mis-configured any permissions in the Android Manifest file</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-171">Ensure that you are not missing or mis-configured any permissions in the Android Manifest file</span></span> 
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-172">Ensure that the Project number you are adding to your client app is from the same account where you got the GCM Server Key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-172">Ensure that the Project number you are adding to your client app is from the same account where you got the GCM Server Key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-173">Any mismatch between the two will prevent your pushes from going out.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-173">Any mismatch between the two will prevent your pushes from going out.</span></span> 
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-174">If you are receiving system notifications but not in-app then review the [Specify an icon for notifications section](mobile-engagement-android-get-started.md) as likely you are not specifying the correct icon in the Android Manifest file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-174">If you are receiving system notifications but not in-app then review the [Specify an icon for notifications section](mobile-engagement-android-get-started.md) as likely you are not specifying the correct icon in the Android Manifest file.</span></span> 
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-175">If you are sending a BigPicture notification, then ensure that if you have external image servers then they need to be able to support HTTP "GET" and "HEAD".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-175">If you are sending a BigPicture notification, then ensure that if you have external image servers then they need to be able to support HTTP "GET" and "HEAD".</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-176">**Windows**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-176">**Windows**</span></span>
   
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-177">Ensure that you have associated the app with a valid Windows Store app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-177">Ensure that you have associated the app with a valid Windows Store app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-178">In Visual Studio - you will have to right click the project and select "Associate App with Store" option and select the app you created in the Windows Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-178">In Visual Studio - you will have to right click the project and select "Associate App with Store" option and select the app you created in the Windows Store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-179">This Windows Store app should be the same one from where you got the native push credentials to configure in the Mobile Engagement portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-179">This Windows Store app should be the same one from where you got the native push credentials to configure in the Mobile Engagement portal.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-180">If you are receiving out-of-app push notifications but not in-app notifications with `EngagementOverlay` integration then ensure there is a root grid element in your page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-180">If you are receiving out-of-app push notifications but not in-app notifications with `EngagementOverlay` integration then ensure there is a root grid element in your page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-181">EngagementOverlay uses the first “Grid” element it finds in your xaml file to add two web views on your page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-181">EngagementOverlay uses the first “Grid” element it finds in your xaml file to add two web views on your page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-182">If you want to locate where web views will be set, you can define a grid named “EngagementGrid” like this however you will have to ensure there is sufficient height and width for the two subsequent web views which will show the notification and the following announcement as in-app notification:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-182">If you want to locate where web views will be set, you can define a grid named “EngagementGrid” like this however you will have to ensure there is sufficient height and width for the two subsequent web views which will show the notification and the following announcement as in-app notification:</span></span>
     
           <Grid x:Name="EngagementGrid"></Grid>

### <a name="i-created-a-push-notificationannouncement-campaign-and-even-after-it-sent-me-the-notification-it-is-showing-as-active-what-does-it-mean"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-183">I created a push notification/announcement/ campaign and even after it sent me the notification, it is showing as 'Active'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-183">I created a push notification/announcement/ campaign and even after it sent me the notification, it is showing as 'Active'.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-184">What does it mean?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-184">What does it mean?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-185">The **campaign** that you created in Mobile Engagement is called so because it is a long running push notification meaning as new devices connect to your mobile engagement platform, they will be automatically sent the notification you configure here, as long as they satisfy the criterion you set in the campaign.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-185">The **campaign** that you created in Mobile Engagement is called so because it is a long running push notification meaning as new devices connect to your mobile engagement platform, they will be automatically sent the notification you configure here, as long as they satisfy the criterion you set in the campaign.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-186">This is not a one shot single notification setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-186">This is not a one shot single notification setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-187">You will have to manually click on the **Finish** button to terminate the campaign so that it doesn't send further notifications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-187">You will have to manually click on the **Finish** button to terminate the campaign so that it doesn't send further notifications.</span></span> 

### <a name="i-created-a-push-campaign-and-i-am-receiving-notifications-successfully-however-whenever-i-open-up-the-app-i-get-the-same-notification-even-when-i-had-actioned-it-before"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-188">I created a push campaign and I am receiving notifications successfully however whenever I open up the app, I get the same notification even when I had actioned it before?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-188">I created a push campaign and I am receiving notifications successfully however whenever I open up the app, I get the same notification even when I had actioned it before?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-189">This is likely to happen during testing and if you are using emulators or some test framework like TestFlight.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-189">This is likely to happen during testing and if you are using emulators or some test framework like TestFlight.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4442d-190">What is happening here is that at every app run instance, it is acquiring a new DeviceID and sending it to our backend which is causing the Mobile Engagement platform to treat it as a new device and sending the notification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-190">What is happening here is that at every app run instance, it is acquiring a new DeviceID and sending it to our backend which is causing the Mobile Engagement platform to treat it as a new device and sending the notification.</span></span> 

## <a name="getting-support"></a><span data-ttu-id="4442d-191">Getting Support</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-191">Getting Support</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4442d-192">If you are unable to resolve the issue yourself then you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-192">If you are unable to resolve the issue yourself then you can:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-193">Search for your issue in the existing threads on StackOverflow forum and [MSDN forum](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/home?forum=azuremobileengagement) and if not then ask a question there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-193">Search for your issue in the existing threads on StackOverflow forum and [MSDN forum](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/home?forum=azuremobileengagement) and if not then ask a question there.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-194">If you find a feature missing then add/vote for the request on our [UserVoice forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/285737-mobile-engagement/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-194">If you find a feature missing then add/vote for the request on our [UserVoice forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/285737-mobile-engagement/)</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4442d-195">If you have Microsoft Support Open a support incident by providing the following details:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-195">If you have Microsoft Support Open a support incident by providing the following details:</span></span> 
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-196">Azure Subscription ID</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-196">Azure Subscription ID</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-197">Platform (e.g. iOS, Android etc)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-197">Platform (e.g. iOS, Android etc)</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-198">App ID</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-198">App ID</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-199">Campaign ID (For push notification issues)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-199">Campaign ID (For push notification issues)</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-200">Device ID</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-200">Device ID</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-201">Mobile Engagement SDK version (e.g. Android SDK v2.1.0)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-201">Mobile Engagement SDK version (e.g. Android SDK v2.1.0)</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4442d-202">Error details with exact error message and scenario</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4442d-202">Error details with exact error message and scenario</span></span>

