---
title: China cloud policies and regulations for Azure China 21Vianet | Microsoft Docs
description: To launch Internet services in China, your organization must comply with applicable China cloud policies and laws. Learn about the various regulations that Internet content providers (ICPs) must apply for with the China Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT).
services: china
cloud: na
documentationcenter: na
author: v-wimarc
manager: edprice
ms.assetid: na
ms.service: china
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 09/29/2017
ms.author: v-wimarc
ms.openlocfilehash: 89918dd1c3e4c60fcb250f05a8d57ce26d77e1cc
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869119"
---
# <a name="china-cloud-policies-and-regulations"></a><span data-ttu-id="75815-104">China cloud policies and regulations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-104">China cloud policies and regulations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75815-105">To launch Internet services in China, your organization must comply with applicable China cloud policies and laws.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-105">To launch Internet services in China, your organization must comply with applicable China cloud policies and laws.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-106">Under these regulations, Internet content providers (ICPs) must apply with the China Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) for one of the following types of  [ICP numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICP_license):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-106">Under these regulations, Internet content providers (ICPs) must apply with the China Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) for one of the following types of  [ICP numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICP_license):</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-107">**Commercial ICP services require an ICP license.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-107">**Commercial ICP services require an ICP license.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-108">All operators providing commercial ICP services in China must get an operation license from the MIIT or its branch offices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-108">All operators providing commercial ICP services in China must get an operation license from the MIIT or its branch offices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-109">Commercial services are defined as types of value-added telecom services, including any website that derives direct income from providing online advertising, texts, images, audio, video, and apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-109">Commercial services are defined as types of value-added telecom services, including any website that derives direct income from providing online advertising, texts, images, audio, video, and apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-110">Providing an information search service, information community platform, instant message service, and information protection services are also considered commercial services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-110">Providing an information search service, information community platform, instant message service, and information protection services are also considered commercial services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-111">The ICP license numbers follow the format 京ICP证12345678号 (where 京 represents Beijing).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-111">The ICP license numbers follow the format 京ICP证12345678号 (where 京 represents Beijing).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-112">**Non-commercial ICP services must submit an ICP filing.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-112">**Non-commercial ICP services must submit an ICP filing.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-113">To operate non-commercial ICP services, you must file a record known as an ICP filing with the MIIT or its branch offices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-113">To operate non-commercial ICP services, you must file a record known as an ICP filing with the MIIT or its branch offices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-114">ICP filings apply to non-commercial, purely informational websites that provide content free of charge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-114">ICP filings apply to non-commercial, purely informational websites that provide content free of charge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-115">ICP filing numbers follow the format 京ICP备12345678号 (where 京 represents Beijing).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-115">ICP filing numbers follow the format 京ICP备12345678号 (where 京 represents Beijing).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-116">For non-commercial websites, first purchase your hosting and domain name, then make an ICP filing before your site goes live.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-116">For non-commercial websites, first purchase your hosting and domain name, then make an ICP filing before your site goes live.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75815-117">ICP filing numbers are displayed in the small print in website footers of the home page, and should be displayed on your website at all times.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-117">ICP filing numbers are displayed in the small print in website footers of the home page, and should be displayed on your website at all times.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-118">Without an ICP license or ICP filing record, do not launch a website.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-118">Without an ICP license or ICP filing record, do not launch a website.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-119">It is taken down.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-119">It is taken down.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75815-120">Internal operations, including cloud operations, are highly regulated in China.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-120">Internal operations, including cloud operations, are highly regulated in China.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-121">Your organization must comply with the regulations, which affect the experience of purchasing, including registering a website and signing up for a public account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-121">Your organization must comply with the regulations, which affect the experience of purchasing, including registering a website and signing up for a public account.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="75815-122">The following agencies are involved in decisions related to Azure hosting:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-122">The following agencies are involved in decisions related to Azure hosting:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-123">Key government owners for specific ICT and cyber security regulations and laws include Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, State Council, Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT, Ministry of Public Security (MPS), and Ministry of National Security (MNS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-123">Key government owners for specific ICT and cyber security regulations and laws include Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, State Council, Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT, Ministry of Public Security (MPS), and Ministry of National Security (MNS).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-124">The National People's Congress and Standing Committee of the National People's Congress are the key organizations for approving China laws, such as China Anti-Terrorism Law and Cybersecurity Law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-124">The National People's Congress and Standing Committee of the National People's Congress are the key organizations for approving China laws, such as China Anti-Terrorism Law and Cybersecurity Law.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-125">The State Council and its relevant departments, such as the MIIT, normally develop and approve regulations in ICT and emerging cloud service areas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-125">The State Council and its relevant departments, such as the MIIT, normally develop and approve regulations in ICT and emerging cloud service areas.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-126">MPS and MNS are the law enforcement agencies who focus on preventing and enforcing laws against illegal actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-126">MPS and MNS are the law enforcement agencies who focus on preventing and enforcing laws against illegal actions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-127">MPS also publishes their own regulations for enforcement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-127">MPS also publishes their own regulations for enforcement.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="75815-128">This basic background is intended to help you get started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-128">This basic background is intended to help you get started.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-129">For updated and official laws and regulations, refer to each Chinese government organization’s office public announcements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-129">For updated and official laws and regulations, refer to each Chinese government organization’s office public announcements.</span></span> 

## <a name="step-1-icp-license-and-filing"></a><span data-ttu-id="75815-130">Step 1: ICP license and filing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-130">Step 1: ICP license and filing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75815-131">To host a website on a server located in mainland China, you must apply for a state-issued registration number: either the ICP license for commercial entities or the ICP filing for non-commercial entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-131">To host a website on a server located in mainland China, you must apply for a state-issued registration number: either the ICP license for commercial entities or the ICP filing for non-commercial entities.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75815-132">Sharing an ICP license is against Chinese laws and regulations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-132">Sharing an ICP license is against Chinese laws and regulations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-133">Providers that violate this law can be shut down at any time, with no notice, along with the websites they host.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-133">Providers that violate this law can be shut down at any time, with no notice, along with the websites they host.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-134">In addition, if your organization shares an ICP license, you no longer own your online presence in China.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-134">In addition, if your organization shares an ICP license, you no longer own your online presence in China.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-135">This includes your website, hosting, and even domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-135">This includes your website, hosting, and even domain name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-136">If your provider goes out of business or stops services, you have little to no legal recourse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-136">If your provider goes out of business or stops services, you have little to no legal recourse.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75815-137">The application requirements and review process vary by [province](https://wacndevelop.blob.core.chinacloudapi.cn/marketing-resource/documents/special-request.pdf).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-137">The application requirements and review process vary by [province](https://wacndevelop.blob.core.chinacloudapi.cn/marketing-resource/documents/special-request.pdf).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-138">For example, in Shanghai and Chongqing the process takes about three days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-138">For example, in Shanghai and Chongqing the process takes about three days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-139">In Ganshu and Yunnan, the process takes three weeks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-139">In Ganshu and Yunnan, the process takes three weeks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-140">We recommend planning two months ahead because the ICP license process typically takes at least 20 business days after submitting your application documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-140">We recommend planning two months ahead because the ICP license process typically takes at least 20 business days after submitting your application documents.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75815-141">The review application and results are posted on the [21Vianet application website](https://icp.cloud.21vianet.com/), and 21Vianet notifies you of the result by email or phone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-141">The review application and results are posted on the [21Vianet application website](https://icp.cloud.21vianet.com/), and 21Vianet notifies you of the result by email or phone.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-142">The following example outlines the steps in the process for a business registered in Shanghai City.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-142">The following example outlines the steps in the process for a business registered in Shanghai City.</span></span>

### <a name="apply-for-icp"></a><span data-ttu-id="75815-143">Apply for ICP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-143">Apply for ICP</span></span>
1.  <span data-ttu-id="75815-144">Register a new account using your email address to sign in to the [application website](https://icp.cloud.21vianet.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-144">Register a new account using your email address to sign in to the [application website](https://icp.cloud.21vianet.com/).</span></span> 
2.  <span data-ttu-id="75815-145">Follow the instructions to fill in the required information for ICP filing, including details about your website and ICP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-145">Follow the instructions to fill in the required information for ICP filing, including details about your website and ICP.</span></span>
3.  <span data-ttu-id="75815-146">Upload soft copies of the required materials as color scans or photos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-146">Upload soft copies of the required materials as color scans or photos.</span></span>
4.  <span data-ttu-id="75815-147">Within two working days, the first review feedback will be sent to you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-147">Within two working days, the first review feedback will be sent to you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-148">If the application passes this first review, you will receive an email request for an onsite interview in the 21Vianet office in either Beijing or Shanghai:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-148">If the application passes this first review, you will receive an email request for an onsite interview in the 21Vianet office in either Beijing or Shanghai:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="75815-149">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-149">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-150">1, Rd.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-150">1, Rd.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-151">Jiuxiangqiao East, District Chaoyang, Beijing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-151">Jiuxiangqiao East, District Chaoyang, Beijing</span></span><br>
    <span data-ttu-id="75815-152">Phone: 400-089-0365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-152">Phone: 400-089-0365</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="75815-153">Room 657, Building 3, No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-153">Room 657, Building 3, No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-154">88, Rd.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-154">88, Rd.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-155">Keyuan, District Pudong, Shanghai</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-155">Keyuan, District Pudong, Shanghai</span></span><br>
    <span data-ttu-id="75815-156">Phone: 400-089-0365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-156">Phone: 400-089-0365</span></span> <br>
    <span data-ttu-id="75815-157">If you cannot attend in person, 21Vianet can use their support phone number to conduct an offsite interview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-157">If you cannot attend in person, 21Vianet can use their support phone number to conduct an offsite interview.</span></span>
5.  <span data-ttu-id="75815-158">The materials you submitted are sent for a second review conducted by 21Vianet, which takes about one-and-a-half working days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-158">The materials you submitted are sent for a second review conducted by 21Vianet, which takes about one-and-a-half working days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-159">After passing this review, all materials are provided to the MIIT for final review.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-159">After passing this review, all materials are provided to the MIIT for final review.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-160">If your documents are rejected by the MIIT, you can revise and resubmit them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-160">If your documents are rejected by the MIIT, you can revise and resubmit them.</span></span>

### <a name="qualifications-for-icp"></a><span data-ttu-id="75815-161">Qualifications for ICP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-161">Qualifications for ICP</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75815-162">To obtain an ICP license or ICP filing, you may have to establish a legal presence in China.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-162">To obtain an ICP license or ICP filing, you may have to establish a legal presence in China.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="75815-163">To qualify for an ICP filing, the following conditions may apply:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-163">To qualify for an ICP filing, the following conditions may apply:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-164">Entities registered in China with a Chinese business license can apply for ICP filing, including entities partially or wholly foreign-owned (non-Chinese) businesses with any type of Chinese business license, such as a joint venture or wholly foreign-owned enterprise (WFOE).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-164">Entities registered in China with a Chinese business license can apply for ICP filing, including entities partially or wholly foreign-owned (non-Chinese) businesses with any type of Chinese business license, such as a joint venture or wholly foreign-owned enterprise (WFOE).</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-165">Chinese nationals, using their state-issued ID card, can apply for ICP filing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-165">Chinese nationals, using their state-issued ID card, can apply for ICP filing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-166">Foreign (non-Chinese) individuals can apply using their passport as identification but must be physically present in China long enough to fulfill legal requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-166">Foreign (non-Chinese) individuals can apply using their passport as identification but must be physically present in China long enough to fulfill legal requirements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75815-167">The following entities **may not** apply for an ICP:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-167">The following entities **may not** apply for an ICP:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-168">Foreign businesses with no legal business presence in China.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-168">Foreign businesses with no legal business presence in China.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="75815-169">Foreign individuals without a passport (and who cannot be physically present in China).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-169">Foreign individuals without a passport (and who cannot be physically present in China).</span></span>

## <a name="step-2-public-security-registration"></a><span data-ttu-id="75815-170">Step 2: Public security registration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-170">Step 2: Public security registration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75815-171">Within 30 days of receiving your ICP license, you must also apply for filing at the local police station.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-171">Within 30 days of receiving your ICP license, you must also apply for filing at the local police station.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-172">You can apply directly using the [registration portal](http://www.beian.gov.cn/portal/index) without going through 21Vianet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-172">You can apply directly using the [registration portal](http://www.beian.gov.cn/portal/index) without going through 21Vianet.</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="75815-173">To start the online application submission, register a new account at the [registration portal](http://www.beian.gov.cn/portal/index) (in Chinese—you may need to use an English language translator for help).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-173">To start the online application submission, register a new account at the [registration portal](http://www.beian.gov.cn/portal/index) (in Chinese—you may need to use an English language translator for help).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="75815-174">Follow the instructions to complete the required information for filing, including website and ICP details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-174">Follow the instructions to complete the required information for filing, including website and ICP details.</span></span> 
3. <span data-ttu-id="75815-175">After you pass the online application review, you will be notified to proceed with an onsite review with the [required materials](https://www.azure.cn/support/announcement/public-security-registration/process/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-175">After you pass the online application review, you will be notified to proceed with an onsite review with the [required materials](https://www.azure.cn/support/announcement/public-security-registration/process/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-176">The review site depends on the entity’s registration address or individual’s household registration address on the identification you used for website hosting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-176">The review site depends on the entity’s registration address or individual’s household registration address on the identification you used for website hosting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75815-177">This review takes about two weeks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-177">This review takes about two weeks.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="75815-178">After you pass the materials review, the authorized code is assigned and is available at [www.beian.gov.cn](http://www.beian.gov.cn).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-178">After you pass the materials review, the authorized code is assigned and is available at [www.beian.gov.cn](http://www.beian.gov.cn).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="75815-179">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-179">Next steps</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="75815-180">ICP numbers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-180">ICP numbers</span></span>](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICP_license)
- [<span data-ttu-id="75815-181">Application website</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-181">Application website</span></span>](https://icp.cloud.21vianet.com/)
- [<span data-ttu-id="75815-182">Registration portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-182">Registration portal</span></span>](http://www.beian.gov.cn/portal/index)
- [<span data-ttu-id="75815-183">Required materials</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75815-183">Required materials</span></span>](https://www.azure.cn/support/announcement/public-security-registration/process/)


