---
title: Understand Azure Stack security controls | Microsoft Docs
description: As a service administrator learn about the security controls applied to Azure Stack
services: azure-stack
documentationcenter: ''
author: mattbriggs
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: cccac19a-e1bf-4e36-8ac8-2228e8487646
ms.service: azure-stack
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 07/12/2018
ms.author: mabrigg
ms.openlocfilehash: a3bd314a1df3c45c76b2e3a5acb31c1474d0fdf5
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869209"
---
# <a name="azure-stack-infrastructure-security-posture"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-103">Azure Stack infrastructure security posture</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-103">Azure Stack infrastructure security posture</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-104">*Applies to: Azure Stack integrated systems*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-104">*Applies to: Azure Stack integrated systems*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-105">Security considerations and compliance regulations are among the main drivers for using hybrid clouds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-105">Security considerations and compliance regulations are among the main drivers for using hybrid clouds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-106">Azure Stack was designed for these scenarios, and it is important to understand the controls already in place when adopting Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-106">Azure Stack was designed for these scenarios, and it is important to understand the controls already in place when adopting Azure Stack.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-107">Two security posture layers coexist in Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-107">Two security posture layers coexist in Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-108">The first layer is the Azure Stack infrastructure, which includes the hardware components up to the Azure Resource Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-108">The first layer is the Azure Stack infrastructure, which includes the hardware components up to the Azure Resource Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-109">The first layer includes the Administrator and the Tenant portals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-109">The first layer includes the Administrator and the Tenant portals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-110">The second layer consists of the workloads created, deployed, and managed by tenants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-110">The second layer consists of the workloads created, deployed, and managed by tenants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-111">The second layer includes items like virtual machines and App Services web sites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-111">The second layer includes items like virtual machines and App Services web sites.</span></span>

## <a name="security-approach"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-112">Security approach</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-112">Security approach</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-113">The security posture for Azure Stack is designed to defend against modern threats, and was built to meet the requirements from the major compliance standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-113">The security posture for Azure Stack is designed to defend against modern threats, and was built to meet the requirements from the major compliance standards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-114">As a result, the security posture of the Azure Stack infrastructure is built on two pillars:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-114">As a result, the security posture of the Azure Stack infrastructure is built on two pillars:</span></span>

 - <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-115">**Assume Breach**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-115">**Assume Breach**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-116">Starting from the assumption that the system has already been breached, focus on *detecting and limiting the impact of breaches* versus only trying to prevent attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-116">Starting from the assumption that the system has already been breached, focus on *detecting and limiting the impact of breaches* versus only trying to prevent attacks.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-117">**Hardened by Default**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-117">**Hardened by Default**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-118">Since the infrastructure runs on well-defined hardware and software, Azure Stack *enables, configures, and validates all the security features* by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-118">Since the infrastructure runs on well-defined hardware and software, Azure Stack *enables, configures, and validates all the security features* by default.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-119">Because Azure Stack is delivered as an integrated system, the security posture of the Azure Stack infrastructure is defined by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-119">Because Azure Stack is delivered as an integrated system, the security posture of the Azure Stack infrastructure is defined by Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-120">Just like in Azure, tenants are responsible for defining the security posture of their tenant workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-120">Just like in Azure, tenants are responsible for defining the security posture of their tenant workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-121">This document provides foundational knowledge on the security posture of the Azure Stack infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-121">This document provides foundational knowledge on the security posture of the Azure Stack infrastructure.</span></span>

## <a name="data-at-rest-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-122">Data at rest encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-122">Data at rest encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-123">All Azure Stack infrastructure and tenant data is encrypted at rest using Bitlocker.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-123">All Azure Stack infrastructure and tenant data is encrypted at rest using Bitlocker.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-124">This encryption protects against physical loss or theft of Azure Stack storage components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-124">This encryption protects against physical loss or theft of Azure Stack storage components.</span></span> 

## <a name="data-in-transit-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-125">Data in transit encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-125">Data in transit encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-126">The Azure Stack infrastructure components communicate using channels encrypted with TLS 1.2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-126">The Azure Stack infrastructure components communicate using channels encrypted with TLS 1.2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-127">Encryption certificates are self-managed by the infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-127">Encryption certificates are self-managed by the infrastructure.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-128">All external infrastructure endpoints, such as the REST endpoints or the Azure Stack portal, support TLS 1.2 for secure communications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-128">All external infrastructure endpoints, such as the REST endpoints or the Azure Stack portal, support TLS 1.2 for secure communications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-129">Encryption certificates, either from a third party or your enterprise Certificate Authority, must be provided for those endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-129">Encryption certificates, either from a third party or your enterprise Certificate Authority, must be provided for those endpoints.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-130">While self-signed certificates can be used for these external endpoints, Microsoft strongly advises against using them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-130">While self-signed certificates can be used for these external endpoints, Microsoft strongly advises against using them.</span></span> 

## <a name="secret-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-131">Secret management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-131">Secret management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-132">Azure Stack infrastructure uses a multitude of secrets, like passwords, to function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-132">Azure Stack infrastructure uses a multitude of secrets, like passwords, to function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-133">Most of them are automatically rotated frequently, because they are Group Managed Service accounts, which rotate every 24 hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-133">Most of them are automatically rotated frequently, because they are Group Managed Service accounts, which rotate every 24 hours.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-134">The remaining secrets that are not Group Managed Service accounts can be rotated manually with a script in the Privileged Endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-134">The remaining secrets that are not Group Managed Service accounts can be rotated manually with a script in the Privileged Endpoint.</span></span>

## <a name="code-integrity"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-135">Code integrity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-135">Code integrity</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-136">Azure Stack makes use of the latest Windows Server 2016 security features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-136">Azure Stack makes use of the latest Windows Server 2016 security features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-137">One of them is Windows Defender Device Guard, which provides application whitelisting, and ensures that only authorized code runs within the Azure Stack infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-137">One of them is Windows Defender Device Guard, which provides application whitelisting, and ensures that only authorized code runs within the Azure Stack infrastructure.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-138">Authorized code is signed by either Microsoft or the OEM partner, and it is included in the list of allowed software that is specified in a policy defined by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-138">Authorized code is signed by either Microsoft or the OEM partner, and it is included in the list of allowed software that is specified in a policy defined by Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-139">In other words, only software that has been approved to run in the Azure Stack infrastructure can be executed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-139">In other words, only software that has been approved to run in the Azure Stack infrastructure can be executed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-140">Any attempt to execute unauthorized code is blocked and an audit is generated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-140">Any attempt to execute unauthorized code is blocked and an audit is generated.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-141">The Device Guard policy also prevents third-party agents or software from running in the Azure Stack infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-141">The Device Guard policy also prevents third-party agents or software from running in the Azure Stack infrastructure.</span></span>

## <a name="credential-guard"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-142">Credential Guard</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-142">Credential Guard</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-143">Another Windows Server 2016 security feature in Azure Stack is Windows Defender Credential Guard, which is used to protect Azure Stack infrastructure credentials from Pass-the-Hash and Pass-the-Ticket attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-143">Another Windows Server 2016 security feature in Azure Stack is Windows Defender Credential Guard, which is used to protect Azure Stack infrastructure credentials from Pass-the-Hash and Pass-the-Ticket attacks.</span></span>

## <a name="antimalware"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-144">Antimalware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-144">Antimalware</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-145">Every component in Azure Stack (both Hyper-V hosts and Virtual Machines) is protected with Windows Defender Antivirus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-145">Every component in Azure Stack (both Hyper-V hosts and Virtual Machines) is protected with Windows Defender Antivirus.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-146">In connected scenarios, antivirus definition and engine updates are applied multiple times a day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-146">In connected scenarios, antivirus definition and engine updates are applied multiple times a day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-147">In disconnected scenarios, antimalware updates are applied as part of monthly Azure Stack updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-147">In disconnected scenarios, antimalware updates are applied as part of monthly Azure Stack updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-148">See [update Windows Defender Antivirus on Azure Stack](azure-stack-security-av.md) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-148">See [update Windows Defender Antivirus on Azure Stack](azure-stack-security-av.md) for more information.</span></span>

## <a name="constrained-administration-model"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-149">Constrained administration model</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-149">Constrained administration model</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-150">Administration in Azure Stack is controlled through the use of three entry points, each with a specific purpose:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-150">Administration in Azure Stack is controlled through the use of three entry points, each with a specific purpose:</span></span> 
1. <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-151">The [Administrator Portal](azure-stack-manage-portals.md) provides a point-and-click experience for daily management operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-151">The [Administrator Portal](azure-stack-manage-portals.md) provides a point-and-click experience for daily management operations.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-152">Azure Resource Manager exposes all the management operations of the Administrator Portal via a REST API, used by PowerShell and Azure CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-152">Azure Resource Manager exposes all the management operations of the Administrator Portal via a REST API, used by PowerShell and Azure CLI.</span></span> 
3. <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-153">For specific low-level operations, for example data center integration or support scenarios, Azure Stack exposes a PowerShell endpoint called [Privileged Endpoint](azure-stack-privileged-endpoint.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-153">For specific low-level operations, for example data center integration or support scenarios, Azure Stack exposes a PowerShell endpoint called [Privileged Endpoint](azure-stack-privileged-endpoint.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-154">This endpoint exposes only a whitelisted set of cmdlets and it is heavily audited.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-154">This endpoint exposes only a whitelisted set of cmdlets and it is heavily audited.</span></span>

## <a name="network-controls"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-155">Network controls</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-155">Network controls</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-156">Azure Stack infrastructure comes with multiple layers of network Access Control List(ACL).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-156">Azure Stack infrastructure comes with multiple layers of network Access Control List(ACL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-157">The ACLs prevent unauthorized access to the infrastructure components and limit infrastructure communications to only the paths that are required for its functioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-157">The ACLs prevent unauthorized access to the infrastructure components and limit infrastructure communications to only the paths that are required for its functioning.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-158">Network ACLs are enforced in three layers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-158">Network ACLs are enforced in three layers:</span></span>
1.  <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-159">Top of Rack switches</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-159">Top of Rack switches</span></span>
2.  <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-160">Software Defined Network</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-160">Software Defined Network</span></span>
3.  <span data-ttu-id="f40a7-161">Host and VM operating system firewalls</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-161">Host and VM operating system firewalls</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f40a7-162">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-162">Next steps</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="f40a7-163">Learn how to rotate your secrets in Azure Stack</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f40a7-163">Learn how to rotate your secrets in Azure Stack</span></span>](azure-stack-rotate-secrets.md)
