---
title: Azure Stack 1711 Update | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about what's in the 1711 update for Azure Stack integrated systems, the known issues, and where to download the update.
services: azure-stack
documentationcenter: ''
author: brenduns
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 2b66fe05-3655-4f1a-9b30-81bd64ba0013
ms.service: azure-stack
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/22/2018
ms.author: brenduns
ms.reviewer: justini
ms.openlocfilehash: f067656f510c14c4a2ac02d3629ae71432c342d2
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44966372"
---
# <a name="azure-stack-1711-update"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-103">Azure Stack 1711 update</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-103">Azure Stack 1711 update</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-104">*Applies to: Azure Stack integrated systems*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-104">*Applies to: Azure Stack integrated systems*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-105">This article describes the improvements and fixes in this update package, known issues for this release, and where to download the update.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-105">This article describes the improvements and fixes in this update package, known issues for this release, and where to download the update.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-106">Known issues are divided into known issues directly related to the update process, and known issues with the build (post-installation).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-106">Known issues are divided into known issues directly related to the update process, and known issues with the build (post-installation).</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-107">This update package is only applicable for Azure Stack integrated systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-107">This update package is only applicable for Azure Stack integrated systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-108">Do not apply this update package to the Azure Stack Development Kit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-108">Do not apply this update package to the Azure Stack Development Kit.</span></span>

## <a name="build-reference"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-109">Build reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-109">Build reference</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-110">The Azure Stack 1711 update build number is **171201.3**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-110">The Azure Stack 1711 update build number is **171201.3**.</span></span>

## <a name="before-you-begin"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-111">Before you begin</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-111">Before you begin</span></span>

### <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-112">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-112">Prerequisites</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-113">You must first install the Azure Stack [1710 Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/azure-stack-update-1710) before applying this update.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-113">You must first install the Azure Stack [1710 Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/azure-stack-update-1710) before applying this update.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-114">Review use of **CloudAdmin** as an account name before installing update 1711.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-114">Review use of **CloudAdmin** as an account name before installing update 1711.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-115">Beginning with version 1711, *CloudAdmin* is a reserved account name and should not   be manually specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-115">Beginning with version 1711, *CloudAdmin* is a reserved account name and should not   be manually specified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-116">When you update to version 1711, the update removes existing instances of the deployment account (typically called AzureStackAdmin).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-116">When you update to version 1711, the update removes existing instances of the deployment account (typically called AzureStackAdmin).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-117">If you      named the deployment account *CloudAdmin*, updating to 1711 deletes it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-117">If you      named the deployment account *CloudAdmin*, updating to 1711 deletes it.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-118">*CloudAdmin* is the built-in account to connect to the [*privileged endpoint*](azure-stack-privileged-endpoint.md) (PEP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-118">*CloudAdmin* is the built-in account to connect to the [*privileged endpoint*](azure-stack-privileged-endpoint.md) (PEP).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-119">The deletion of this account can result in a lockout of the PEP unless there is already another user account that is a member of the CloudAdmin group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-119">The deletion of this account can result in a lockout of the PEP unless there is already another user account that is a member of the CloudAdmin group.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-120">If you used CloudAdmin as name of the deployment account, add a new CloudAdmin user to your PEP before you start the update to 1711 to avoid being locked out of Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-120">If you used CloudAdmin as name of the deployment account, add a new CloudAdmin user to your PEP before you start the update to 1711 to avoid being locked out of Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-121">To add a new CloudAdmin user, run the cmdlet **New-CloudAdminUser** on the PEP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-121">To add a new CloudAdmin user, run the cmdlet **New-CloudAdminUser** on the PEP.</span></span>

### <a name="new-features-and-fixes"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-122">New features and fixes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-122">New features and fixes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-123">This update includes the following improvements and fixes for Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-123">This update includes the following improvements and fixes for Azure Stack.</span></span>

#### <a name="new-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-124">New features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-124">New features</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-125">Support for Syndicating solution templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-125">Support for Syndicating solution templates</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-126">Updates in the Azure Stack Graph logging and error handling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-126">Updates in the Azure Stack Graph logging and error handling</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-127">Ability to turn hosts on and off</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-127">Ability to turn hosts on and off</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-128">Users can now activate Windows VMs automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-128">Users can now activate Windows VMs automatically</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-129">Added privileged endpoint PowerShell cmdlet to retrieve BitLocker recovery keys for retention purposes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-129">Added privileged endpoint PowerShell cmdlet to retrieve BitLocker recovery keys for retention purposes</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-130">Support for updating the offline images when updating infrastructure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-130">Support for updating the offline images when updating infrastructure</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-131">Enable Infrastructure backup with the Enable Backup Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-131">Enable Infrastructure backup with the Enable Backup Service</span></span>

#### <a name="fixes"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-132">Fixes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-132">Fixes</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-133">Fixed race condition in DNS during field replaceable unit (FRU) and also updated cluster logging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-133">Fixed race condition in DNS during field replaceable unit (FRU) and also updated cluster logging</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-134">Fix for restart-ability of disable-host in field replaceable unit (FRU)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-134">Fix for restart-ability of disable-host in field replaceable unit (FRU)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-135">Various other performance, security and stability fixes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-135">Various other performance, security and stability fixes</span></span>

#### <a name="windows-server-2016-new-features-and-fixes"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-136">Windows Server 2016 new features and fixes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-136">Windows Server 2016 new features and fixes</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-137">November 14, 2017—KB4048953 (OS Build 14393.1884) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-137">November 14, 2017—KB4048953 (OS Build 14393.1884) </span></span>](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4048953)

### <a name="known-issues-with-the-update-process"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-138">Known issues with the update process</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-138">Known issues with the update process</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-139">This section contains known issues that you may encounter during the 1711 update installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-139">This section contains known issues that you may encounter during the 1711 update installation.</span></span>


1. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-140">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process: *"name:Install Update.", "description": "Install Update on Hosts and Infra VMs.", "errorMessage": "Type 'LiveUpdate' of Role 'VirtualMachines' raised an exception:\n\nThere is not enough space on the disk.\n\nat <ScriptBlock>, <No file>: line22", "status": "Error", "startTimeUtc": "2017-11-10T16:46:59.123Z", "endTimeUtc": "2017-11-10T19:20:29.669Z", "steps": [ ]"*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-140">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process: *"name:Install Update.", "description": "Install Update on Hosts and Infra VMs.", "errorMessage": "Type 'LiveUpdate' of Role 'VirtualMachines' raised an exception:\n\nThere is not enough space on the disk.\n\nat <ScriptBlock>, <No file>: line22", "status": "Error", "startTimeUtc": "2017-11-10T16:46:59.123Z", "endTimeUtc": "2017-11-10T19:20:29.669Z", "steps": [ ]"*</span></span>
    2. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-141">**Cause:** This issue is caused by a lack of free disk space on one or more virtual machines that are part of the Azure Stack infrastructure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-141">**Cause:** This issue is caused by a lack of free disk space on one or more virtual machines that are part of the Azure Stack infrastructure</span></span>
    3. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-142">**Resolution:** Contact Microsoft Customer Service and Support (CSS) for assistance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-142">**Resolution:** Contact Microsoft Customer Service and Support (CSS) for assistance.</span></span>
<br><br>
2. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-143">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process:*Exception calling "ExtractToFile" with "3" argument(s):"The process cannot access the file '<\\<machineName>-ERCS01\C$\Program Files\WindowsPowerShell\Modules\Microsoft.AzureStack.Diagnostics\Microsoft.AzureStack.Common.Tools.Diagnostics.AzureStackDiagnostics.dll>'*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-143">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process:*Exception calling "ExtractToFile" with "3" argument(s):"The process cannot access the file '<\\<machineName>-ERCS01\C$\Program Files\WindowsPowerShell\Modules\Microsoft.AzureStack.Diagnostics\Microsoft.AzureStack.Common.Tools.Diagnostics.AzureStackDiagnostics.dll>'*</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-144">**Cause:** This issue is caused when resuming an update from the portal that was previously resumed using a Privileged End Point (PEP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-144">**Cause:** This issue is caused when resuming an update from the portal that was previously resumed using a Privileged End Point (PEP).</span></span>
    2. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-145">**Resolution:** Contact Microsoft Customer Service and Support (CSS) for assistance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-145">**Resolution:** Contact Microsoft Customer Service and Support (CSS) for assistance.</span></span>
<br><br>
3. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-146">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process:*"Type 'CheckHealth' of Role 'VirtualMachines' raised an exception:\n\nVirtual Machine health check for <machineName>-ACS01 produced the following errors.\nThere was an error getting VM information from hosts. Exception details:\nGet-VM : The operation on computer 'Node03' failed: The WS-Management service cannot process the request. The WMI \nservice or the WMI provider returned an unknown error: HRESULT 0x8004106c".*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-146">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process:*"Type 'CheckHealth' of Role 'VirtualMachines' raised an exception:\n\nVirtual Machine health check for <machineName>-ACS01 produced the following errors.\nThere was an error getting VM information from hosts. Exception details:\nGet-VM : The operation on computer 'Node03' failed: The WS-Management service cannot process the request. The WMI \nservice or the WMI provider returned an unknown error: HRESULT 0x8004106c".*</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-147">**Cause:** This issue is caused by a Windows Server issue that is intended to be addressed in subsequent Window server updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-147">**Cause:** This issue is caused by a Windows Server issue that is intended to be addressed in subsequent Window server updates.</span></span>
    2. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-148">**Resolution:** Contact Microsoft Customer Service and Support (CSS) for assistance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-148">**Resolution:** Contact Microsoft Customer Service and Support (CSS) for assistance.</span></span>
<br><br>
4. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-149">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process:*"Type 'DefenderUpdate' of Role 'URP' raised an exception: Failed getting version from \\SU1FileServer\SU1_Public\DefenderUpdates\x64\{file name}.exe after 60 attempts at Copy-AzSDefenderFiles, C:\Program Files\WindowsPowerShell\Modules\Microsoft.AzureStack.Defender\Microsoft.AzureStack.Defender.psm1: line 262"*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-149">**Symptom:** Azure Stack operators may see the following error during the update process:*"Type 'DefenderUpdate' of Role 'URP' raised an exception: Failed getting version from \\SU1FileServer\SU1_Public\DefenderUpdates\x64\{file name}.exe after 60 attempts at Copy-AzSDefenderFiles, C:\Program Files\WindowsPowerShell\Modules\Microsoft.AzureStack.Defender\Microsoft.AzureStack.Defender.psm1: line 262"*</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-150">**Cause:** This issue is caused by a failed or incomplete background download of Windows Defender definition updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-150">**Cause:** This issue is caused by a failed or incomplete background download of Windows Defender definition updates.</span></span>
    2. <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-151">**Resolution:** Please attempt to resume the update after up to 8 hours have passed since the first update try.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-151">**Resolution:** Please attempt to resume the update after up to 8 hours have passed since the first update try.</span></span>

### <a name="known-issues-post-installation"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-152">Known issues (post-installation)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-152">Known issues (post-installation)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-153">This section contains post-installation known issues with build **20171201.3**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-153">This section contains post-installation known issues with build **20171201.3**.</span></span>

#### <a name="portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-154">Portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-154">Portal</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-155">It may not be possible to view compute or storage resources in the administrator portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-155">It may not be possible to view compute or storage resources in the administrator portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-156">This indicates that an error occurred during the installation of the update and that the update was incorrectly reported as successful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-156">This indicates that an error occurred during the installation of the update and that the update was incorrectly reported as successful.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-157">If this issue occurs, please contact Microsoft CSS for assistance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-157">If this issue occurs, please contact Microsoft CSS for assistance.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-158">You may see a blank dashboard in the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-158">You may see a blank dashboard in the portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-159">To recover the dashboard, select the gear icon in the upper right corner of the portal, and then select **Restore default settings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-159">To recover the dashboard, select the gear icon in the upper right corner of the portal, and then select **Restore default settings**.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-160">When you view the properties of a resource group, the **Move** button is disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-160">When you view the properties of a resource group, the **Move** button is disabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-161">This behavior is expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-161">This behavior is expected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-162">Moving resource groups between subscriptions is not currently supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-162">Moving resource groups between subscriptions is not currently supported.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-163">For any workflow where you select a subscription, resource group, or location in a drop-down list, you may experience one or more of the following issues:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-163">For any workflow where you select a subscription, resource group, or location in a drop-down list, you may experience one or more of the following issues:</span></span>

   - <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-164">You may see a blank row at the top of the list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-164">You may see a blank row at the top of the list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-165">You should still be able to select an item as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-165">You should still be able to select an item as expected.</span></span>
   - <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-166">If the list of items in the drop-down list is short, you may not be able to view any of the item names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-166">If the list of items in the drop-down list is short, you may not be able to view any of the item names.</span></span>
   - <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-167">If you have multiple user subscriptions, the resource group drop-down list may be empty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-167">If you have multiple user subscriptions, the resource group drop-down list may be empty.</span></span>

        > [!NOTE]
        > <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-168">To work around the last two issues, you can type the name of the subscription or resource group (if you know it), or you can use PowerShell instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-168">To work around the last two issues, you can type the name of the subscription or resource group (if you know it), or you can use PowerShell instead.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-169">Deleting user subscriptions results in orphaned resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-169">Deleting user subscriptions results in orphaned resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-170">As a workaround, first delete user resources or the entire resource group, and then delete user subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-170">As a workaround, first delete user resources or the entire resource group, and then delete user subscriptions.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-171">You are not able to view permissions to your subscription using the Azure Stack portals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-171">You are not able to view permissions to your subscription using the Azure Stack portals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-172">As a workaround, you can verify permissions by using PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-172">As a workaround, you can verify permissions by using PowerShell.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-173">The **Service Health** blade fails to load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-173">The **Service Health** blade fails to load.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-174">When you open the Service Health blade in either the admin or user portal, Azure Stack displays an error and does not load information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-174">When you open the Service Health blade in either the admin or user portal, Azure Stack displays an error and does not load information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-175">This is expected behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-175">This is expected behavior.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-176">Although you can select and open Service Health, this feature is not yet available but will be implemented in a future version of Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-176">Although you can select and open Service Health, this feature is not yet available but will be implemented in a future version of Azure Stack.</span></span>

#### <a name="health-and-monitoring"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-177">Health and monitoring</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-177">Health and monitoring</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-178">If you reboot an infrastructure role instance, you may receive a message indicating that the reboot failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-178">If you reboot an infrastructure role instance, you may receive a message indicating that the reboot failed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-179">However, the reboot actually succeeded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-179">However, the reboot actually succeeded.</span></span>

#### <a name="marketplace"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-180">Marketplace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-180">Marketplace</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-181">When you try to add items to the Azure Stack marketplace by using the **Add from Azure** option, not all items may be visible for download.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-181">When you try to add items to the Azure Stack marketplace by using the **Add from Azure** option, not all items may be visible for download.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-182">Users can browse the full marketplace without a subscription, and can see administrative items like plans and offers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-182">Users can browse the full marketplace without a subscription, and can see administrative items like plans and offers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-183">These items are non-functional to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-183">These items are non-functional to users.</span></span>

#### <a name="compute"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-184">Compute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-184">Compute</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-185">Users are given the option to create a virtual machine with geo-redundant storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-185">Users are given the option to create a virtual machine with geo-redundant storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-186">This configuration causes virtual machine creation to fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-186">This configuration causes virtual machine creation to fail.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-187">You can configure a virtual machine availability set only with a fault domain of one, and an update domain of one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-187">You can configure a virtual machine availability set only with a fault domain of one, and an update domain of one.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-188">There is no marketplace experience to create virtual machine scale sets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-188">There is no marketplace experience to create virtual machine scale sets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-189">You can create a scale set by using a template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-189">You can create a scale set by using a template.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-190">Scaling settings for virtual machine scale sets are not available in the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-190">Scaling settings for virtual machine scale sets are not available in the portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-191">As a workaround, you can use [Azure PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machine-scale-sets/virtual-machine-scale-sets-manage-powershell#change-the-capacity-of-a-scale-set).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-191">As a workaround, you can use [Azure PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machine-scale-sets/virtual-machine-scale-sets-manage-powershell#change-the-capacity-of-a-scale-set).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-192">Because of PowerShell version differences, you must use the `-Name` parameter instead of `-VMScaleSetName`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-192">Because of PowerShell version differences, you must use the `-Name` parameter instead of `-VMScaleSetName`.</span></span>

#### <a name="networking"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-193">Networking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-193">Networking</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-194">You can't create a load balancer with a public IP address by using the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-194">You can't create a load balancer with a public IP address by using the portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-195">As a workaround, you can use PowerShell to create the load balancer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-195">As a workaround, you can use PowerShell to create the load balancer.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-196">You must create a network address translation (NAT) rule when you create a network load balancer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-196">You must create a network address translation (NAT) rule when you create a network load balancer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-197">If you don't, you'll receive an error when you try to add a NAT rule after the load balancer is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-197">If you don't, you'll receive an error when you try to add a NAT rule after the load balancer is created.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-198">You can't disassociate a public IP address from a virtual machine (VM) after the VM has been created and associated with that IP address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-198">You can't disassociate a public IP address from a virtual machine (VM) after the VM has been created and associated with that IP address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-199">Disassociation will appear to work, but the previously assigned public IP address remains associated with the original VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-199">Disassociation will appear to work, but the previously assigned public IP address remains associated with the original VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-200">This behavior occurs even if you reassign the IP address to a new VM (commonly referred to as a *VIP swap*).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-200">This behavior occurs even if you reassign the IP address to a new VM (commonly referred to as a *VIP swap*).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-201">All future attempts to connect through this IP address result in a connection to the originally associated VM, and not to the new one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-201">All future attempts to connect through this IP address result in a connection to the originally associated VM, and not to the new one.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-202">Currently, you must only use new public IP addresses for new VM creation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-202">Currently, you must only use new public IP addresses for new VM creation.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-203">Azure Stack operators may be unable to deploy, delete, modify VNETs or Network Security Groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-203">Azure Stack operators may be unable to deploy, delete, modify VNETs or Network Security Groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-204">This issue is primarily seen on subsequent update attempts of the same package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-204">This issue is primarily seen on subsequent update attempts of the same package.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-205">This is caused by a packaging issue with an update which is currently under investigation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-205">This is caused by a packaging issue with an update which is currently under investigation.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-206">Internal Load Balancing (ILB) improperly handles MAC addresses for back-end VMs which breaks Linux instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-206">Internal Load Balancing (ILB) improperly handles MAC addresses for back-end VMs which breaks Linux instances.</span></span>

#### <a name="sqlmysql"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-207">SQL/MySQL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-207">SQL/MySQL</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-208">It can take up to an hour before tenants can create databases in a new SQL or MySQL SKU.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-208">It can take up to an hour before tenants can create databases in a new SQL or MySQL SKU.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-209">Creation of items directly on SQL and MySQL hosting servers that are not performed by the resource provider is not supported and may result in a mismatched state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-209">Creation of items directly on SQL and MySQL hosting servers that are not performed by the resource provider is not supported and may result in a mismatched state.</span></span>

#### <a name="app-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-210">App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-210">App Service</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-211">A user must register the storage resource provider before they create their first Azure Function in the subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-211">A user must register the storage resource provider before they create their first Azure Function in the subscription.</span></span>

#### <a name="identity"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-212">Identity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-212">Identity</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-213">In Azure Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) deployed environments, the **azurestack\azurestackadmin** account is no longer the owner of the Default Provider Subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-213">In Azure Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) deployed environments, the **azurestack\azurestackadmin** account is no longer the owner of the Default Provider Subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-214">Instead of logging into the **Admin portal / adminmanagement endpoint** with the **azurestack\azurestackadmin**, you can use the **azurestack\cloudadmin** account, so that you can manage and use the Default Provider Subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-214">Instead of logging into the **Admin portal / adminmanagement endpoint** with the **azurestack\azurestackadmin**, you can use the **azurestack\cloudadmin** account, so that you can manage and use the Default Provider Subscription.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-215">Even though the **azurestack\cloudadmin** account is the owner of the Default Provider Subscription in ADFS deployed environments, it does not have permissions to RDP into the host.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-215">Even though the **azurestack\cloudadmin** account is the owner of the Default Provider Subscription in ADFS deployed environments, it does not have permissions to RDP into the host.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-216">Continue to use the **azurestack\azurestackadmin** account or the local administrator account to login, access and manage the host as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-216">Continue to use the **azurestack\azurestackadmin** account or the local administrator account to login, access and manage the host as needed.</span></span>

#### <a name="infrastructure-backup-sevice"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-217">Infrastructure Backup Sevice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-217">Infrastructure Backup Sevice</span></span>
<!-- 1974890-->

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-218">**Pre-1711 backups are not supported for cloud recovery.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-218">**Pre-1711 backups are not supported for cloud recovery.**</span></span>  
  <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-219">Pre-1711 backups are not compatible with cloud recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-219">Pre-1711 backups are not compatible with cloud recovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-220">You must update to 1711 first and enable backups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-220">You must update to 1711 first and enable backups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-221">If you already enabled backups, make sure to take a backup after updating to 1711.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-221">If you already enabled backups, make sure to take a backup after updating to 1711.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-222">Pre-1711 backups should be deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-222">Pre-1711 backups should be deleted.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-223">**Enabling infrastructure backup on ASDK is for testing purposes only.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-223">**Enabling infrastructure backup on ASDK is for testing purposes only.**</span></span>  
  <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-224">Infrastructure backups can be used to restore multi-node solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-224">Infrastructure backups can be used to restore multi-node solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-225">You can enable infrastructure backup on ASDK but there is no way to test recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-225">You can enable infrastructure backup on ASDK but there is no way to test recovery.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-226">For more information, see [Backup and data recovery for Azure Stack with the Infrastructure Backup Service](azure-stack-backup-infrastructure-backup.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-226">For more information, see [Backup and data recovery for Azure Stack with the Infrastructure Backup Service](azure-stack-backup-infrastructure-backup.md).</span></span>

## <a name="download-the-update"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-227">Download the update</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-227">Download the update</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-228">You can download the Azure Stack 1711 update package from [here](https://aka.ms/azurestackupdatedownload).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-228">You can download the Azure Stack 1711 update package from [here](https://aka.ms/azurestackupdatedownload).</span></span>

## <a name="more-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-229">More information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-229">More information</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-230">Microsoft has provided a way to monitor and resume updates using the Privileged End Point (PEP) installed with Update 1711.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-230">Microsoft has provided a way to monitor and resume updates using the Privileged End Point (PEP) installed with Update 1711.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-231">See the [Monitor updates in Azure Stack using the privileged endpoint documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/azure-stack-monitor-update).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-231">See the [Monitor updates in Azure Stack using the privileged endpoint documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/azure-stack-monitor-update).</span></span> 

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-232">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-232">See also</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-233">See [Manage updates in Azure Stack overview](azure-stack-updates.md) for an overview of the update management in Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-233">See [Manage updates in Azure Stack overview](azure-stack-updates.md) for an overview of the update management in Azure Stack.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e6a7c-234">See [Apply updates in Azure Stack](azure-stack-apply-updates.md) for more information about how to apply updates with Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e6a7c-234">See [Apply updates in Azure Stack](azure-stack-apply-updates.md) for more information about how to apply updates with Azure Stack.</span></span>
