---
title: High availability concepts in Azure Database for MySQL
description: This topic provides information of high availability when using Azure Database for MySQL
services: mysql
author: jasonwhowell
ms.author: jasonh
manager: kfile
editor: jasonwhowell
ms.service: mysql
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/28/2018
ms.openlocfilehash: 90dc603c0ee520774bd22531c7136e0949f6cf90
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44867703"
---
# <a name="high-availability-concepts-in-azure-database-for-mysql"></a><span data-ttu-id="f440f-103">High availability concepts in Azure Database for MySQL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-103">High availability concepts in Azure Database for MySQL</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f440f-104">The Azure Database for MySQL service provides a guaranteed high level of availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-104">The Azure Database for MySQL service provides a guaranteed high level of availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-105">The financially backed service level agreement (SLA) is 99.99% upon general availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-105">The financially backed service level agreement (SLA) is 99.99% upon general availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-106">There is virtually no application down time when using this service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-106">There is virtually no application down time when using this service.</span></span>

## <a name="high-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="f440f-107">High availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-107">High availability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f440f-108">The high availability (HA) model is based on built-in fail-over mechanisms when a node-level interruption occurs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-108">The high availability (HA) model is based on built-in fail-over mechanisms when a node-level interruption occurs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-109">A node-level interruption could occur because of a hardware failure or in response to a service deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-109">A node-level interruption could occur because of a hardware failure or in response to a service deployment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f440f-110">At all times, changes made to an Azure Database for MySQL database server occur in the context of a transaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-110">At all times, changes made to an Azure Database for MySQL database server occur in the context of a transaction.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-111">Changes are recorded synchronously in Azure storage when the transaction is committed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-111">Changes are recorded synchronously in Azure storage when the transaction is committed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-112">If a node-level interruption occurs, the database server automatically creates a new node and attaches data storage to the new node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-112">If a node-level interruption occurs, the database server automatically creates a new node and attaches data storage to the new node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-113">Any active connections are dropped and any inflight transactions are not committed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-113">Any active connections are dropped and any inflight transactions are not committed.</span></span>

## <a name="application-retry-logic-is-essential"></a><span data-ttu-id="f440f-114">Application retry logic is essential</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-114">Application retry logic is essential</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f440f-115">It is important that MySQL database applications are built to detect and retry dropped connections and failed transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-115">It is important that MySQL database applications are built to detect and retry dropped connections and failed transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-116">When the application retries, the application's connection is transparently redirected to the newly created instance, which takes over for the failed instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-116">When the application retries, the application's connection is transparently redirected to the newly created instance, which takes over for the failed instance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f440f-117">Internally in Azure, a gateway is used to redirect the connections to the new instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-117">Internally in Azure, a gateway is used to redirect the connections to the new instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-118">Upon an interruption, the entire fail-over process typically takes tens of seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-118">Upon an interruption, the entire fail-over process typically takes tens of seconds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-119">Since the redirect is handled internally by the gateway, the external connection string remains the same for the client applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-119">Since the redirect is handled internally by the gateway, the external connection string remains the same for the client applications.</span></span>

## <a name="scaling-up-or-down"></a><span data-ttu-id="f440f-120">Scaling up or down</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-120">Scaling up or down</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f440f-121">Similar to the HA model, when an Azure Database for MySQL is scaled up or down, a new server instance with the specified size is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-121">Similar to the HA model, when an Azure Database for MySQL is scaled up or down, a new server instance with the specified size is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-122">The existing data storage is detached from the original instance, and attached to the new instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-122">The existing data storage is detached from the original instance, and attached to the new instance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f440f-123">During the scale operation, an interruption to the database connections occurs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-123">During the scale operation, an interruption to the database connections occurs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-124">The client applications are disconnected, and open uncommitted transactions are canceled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-124">The client applications are disconnected, and open uncommitted transactions are canceled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f440f-125">Once the client application retries the connection, or makes a new connection, the gateway directs the connection to the newly sized instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-125">Once the client application retries the connection, or makes a new connection, the gateway directs the connection to the newly sized instance.</span></span> 

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f440f-126">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-126">Next steps</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f440f-127">For an overview of the service, see [Azure Database for MySQL Overview](overview.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f440f-127">For an overview of the service, see [Azure Database for MySQL Overview](overview.md)</span></span>
