---
title: Bing Spell Check APIs overview | Microsoft Docs
description: The Bing Spell Check APIs use machine learning and statistical machine translation for contextual spell checking and inline suggestions.
services: cognitive-services
author: swhite-msft
manager: ehansen
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.technology: bing-spell-check
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 06/21/2016
ms.author: scottwhi
ms.openlocfilehash: a51b1eaa220f8a517eb90f2b7cbb6e1bf5e71087
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549449"
---
# <a name="bing-spell-check-api-formerly-spell-check-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="c389b-103">Bing Spell Check API (formerly Spell Check API)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-103">Bing Spell Check API (formerly Spell Check API)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c389b-104">Welcome to Bing Spell Check API which performs contextual spell checking for any text and provides inline suggestions for misspelled words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-104">Welcome to Bing Spell Check API which performs contextual spell checking for any text and provides inline suggestions for misspelled words.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-special-about-our-3rd-generation-spell-checker"></a><span data-ttu-id="c389b-105">What is special about our 3rd generation spell-checker?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-105">What is special about our 3rd generation spell-checker?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c389b-106">What’s the difference between regular spell-checkers and Bing’s 3rd generation spell-checker?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-106">What’s the difference between regular spell-checkers and Bing’s 3rd generation spell-checker?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-107">Current spell-checkers rely on verifying spelling and grammar against dictionary-based rule sets which get updated and expanded periodically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-107">Current spell-checkers rely on verifying spelling and grammar against dictionary-based rule sets which get updated and expanded periodically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-108">In other words, the spell-checker is only as strong as the dictionary that supports it, and the editorial staff who supports the dictionary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-108">In other words, the spell-checker is only as strong as the dictionary that supports it, and the editorial staff who supports the dictionary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-109">You know this type of spell-checker from Microsoft Word and other word processors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-109">You know this type of spell-checker from Microsoft Word and other word processors.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c389b-110">In contrast, the Bing team has developed a web-based spell-checker that leverages machine learning and statistical machine translation to dynamically train a constantly-evolving and highly-contextual algorithm to provide spell checking on-demand for almost any word or phrase that exists on the web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-110">In contrast, the Bing team has developed a web-based spell-checker that leverages machine learning and statistical machine translation to dynamically train a constantly-evolving and highly-contextual algorithm to provide spell checking on-demand for almost any word or phrase that exists on the web.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c389b-111">The OneSpeller team, in partnership with Office Online, has adapted this technology to any number of word processing scenarios, texting, web form entries and search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-111">The OneSpeller team, in partnership with Office Online, has adapted this technology to any number of word processing scenarios, texting, web form entries and search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-112">Our spell-checker is based on a massive corpus of web searches and documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-112">Our spell-checker is based on a massive corpus of web searches and documents.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c389b-113">This spell-checker can handle any word processing scenario:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-113">This spell-checker can handle any word processing scenario:</span></span>
*   <span data-ttu-id="c389b-114">Recognizes slang and informal language</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-114">Recognizes slang and informal language</span></span>
*   <span data-ttu-id="c389b-115">Recognizes common name errors in context</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-115">Recognizes common name errors in context</span></span>
*   <span data-ttu-id="c389b-116">Corrects word breaking issues with a single flag</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-116">Corrects word breaking issues with a single flag</span></span>
*   <span data-ttu-id="c389b-117">Is able to correct homophones\* in context, and other difficult to spot errors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-117">Is able to correct homophones\* in context, and other difficult to spot errors</span></span>
*   <span data-ttu-id="c389b-118">Supports new brands, digital entertainment and popular expressions as they emerge</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-118">Supports new brands, digital entertainment and popular expressions as they emerge</span></span>
*   <span data-ttu-id="c389b-119">Words that sound the same but differ in meaning and spelling, for example “see” and “sea”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-119">Words that sound the same but differ in meaning and spelling, for example “see” and “sea”.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c389b-120">To help you get started with this supporting technology for all your word processing needs on PC or mobile apps, a new example application will soon be added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-120">To help you get started with this supporting technology for all your word processing needs on PC or mobile apps, a new example application will soon be added.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-121">Check back soon.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-121">Check back soon.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-122">In the meantime, you can read our [Getting Started](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-US/library/mt712546.aspx) guide, which describes how you can obtain your own subscription keys and start making calls to the API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-122">In the meantime, you can read our [Getting Started](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-US/library/mt712546.aspx) guide, which describes how you can obtain your own subscription keys and start making calls to the API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-123">If you already have a subscription, try our API Testing Console [API Testing Console](https://dev.cognitive.microsoft.com/docs/services/56e73033cf5ff80c2008c679/operations/56e73036cf5ff81048ee6727/console) where you can easily craft API requests in a sandbox environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-123">If you already have a subscription, try our API Testing Console [API Testing Console](https://dev.cognitive.microsoft.com/docs/services/56e73033cf5ff80c2008c679/operations/56e73036cf5ff81048ee6727/console) where you can easily craft API requests in a sandbox environment.</span></span>

## <a name="language-support"></a><span data-ttu-id="c389b-124">Language support</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-124">Language support</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c389b-125">Bing Spell Check API currently supports only U.S. English (en-US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-125">Bing Spell Check API currently supports only U.S. English (en-US).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-126">Other English locales such as British English (en-GB), Canadian English (en-CA), Australian English (en-AU), New Zealand English (en-NZ), and Indian English (en-IN) plus Chinese and Spanish will be added in the near future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-126">Other English locales such as British English (en-GB), Canadian English (en-CA), Australian English (en-AU), New Zealand English (en-NZ), and Indian English (en-IN) plus Chinese and Spanish will be added in the near future.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c389b-127">This page will be updated as new languages are added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c389b-127">This page will be updated as new languages are added.</span></span>
