---
title: Academic Knowledge API for Microsoft Academic Graph | Microsoft Docs
description: Use the Academic Knowledge API to interpret user queries and retrieve rich information from the Academic Graph in Microsoft Cognitive Services.
services: cognitive-services
author: alch-msft
manager: kuansanw
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.technology: academic-knowledge
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/27/2017
ms.author: alch
ms.openlocfilehash: b27e3a6352a3d9cd9d77ab1802517fd6b9268bf8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44671109"
---
# <a name="academic-knowledge-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-103">Academic Knowledge API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-103">Academic Knowledge API</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-104">Welcome to the Academic Knowledge API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-104">Welcome to the Academic Knowledge API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-105">With this service, you will be able to interpret user queries for academic intent and retrieve rich information from the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-105">With this service, you will be able to interpret user queries for academic intent and retrieve rich information from the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-106">The MAG knowledge base is a web-scale heterogeneous entity graph comprised of entities that model scholarly activities: field of study, author, institution, paper, venue, and event.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-106">The MAG knowledge base is a web-scale heterogeneous entity graph comprised of entities that model scholarly activities: field of study, author, institution, paper, venue, and event.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-107">The MAG data is mined from the Bing web index as well as an in-house knowledge base from Bing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-107">The MAG data is mined from the Bing web index as well as an in-house knowledge base from Bing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-108">As a result of on-going Bing indexing, this API will contain fresh information from the Web following discovery and indexing by Bing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-108">As a result of on-going Bing indexing, this API will contain fresh information from the Web following discovery and indexing by Bing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-109">Based on this dataset, the Academic Knowledge APIs enables a knowledge-driven, interactive dialog that seamlessly combines reactive search with proactive suggestion experiences, rich research paper graph search results, and histogram distributions of the attribute values for a set of papers and related entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-109">Based on this dataset, the Academic Knowledge APIs enables a knowledge-driven, interactive dialog that seamlessly combines reactive search with proactive suggestion experiences, rich research paper graph search results, and histogram distributions of the attribute values for a set of papers and related entities.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-110">For more information on the Microsoft Academic Graph, see [http://aka.ms/academicgraph](http://aka.ms/academicgraph).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-110">For more information on the Microsoft Academic Graph, see [http://aka.ms/academicgraph](http://aka.ms/academicgraph).</span></span>

## <a name="features"></a><span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-111">Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-111">Features</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-112">The Academic Knowledge API consists of four related REST endpoints:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-112">The Academic Knowledge API consists of four related REST endpoints:</span></span>  
  1. <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-113">**interpret** – Interprets a natural language user query string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-113">**interpret** – Interprets a natural language user query string.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-114">Returns annotated interpretations to enable rich search-box auto-completion experiences that anticipate what the user is typing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-114">Returns annotated interpretations to enable rich search-box auto-completion experiences that anticipate what the user is typing.</span></span>  
  2. <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-115">**evaluate** – Evaluates a query expression and returns Academic Knowledge entity results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-115">**evaluate** – Evaluates a query expression and returns Academic Knowledge entity results.</span></span>  
  3. <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-116">**calchistogram** – Calculates a histogram of the distribution of attribute values for the academic entities returned by a query expression, such as the distribution of citations by year for a given author.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-116">**calchistogram** – Calculates a histogram of the distribution of attribute values for the academic entities returned by a query expression, such as the distribution of citations by year for a given author.</span></span>  
  4. <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-117">**graph search** – Searches for a given graph pattern and returns the matched entity results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-117">**graph search** – Searches for a given graph pattern and returns the matched entity results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-118">Used together, these API methods allow you to create a rich semantic search experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-118">Used together, these API methods allow you to create a rich semantic search experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-119">Given a user query string, the **interpret** method provides you with an annotated version of the query and a structured query expression, while optionally completing the user’s query based on the semantics of the underlying academic data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-119">Given a user query string, the **interpret** method provides you with an annotated version of the query and a structured query expression, while optionally completing the user’s query based on the semantics of the underlying academic data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-120">For example, if a user types the string *latent s*, the **interpret** method can provide a set of ranked interpretations, suggesting that the user might be searching for the field of study *latent semantic analysis*, the paper *latent structure analysis*, or other entity expressions starting with *latent s*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-120">For example, if a user types the string *latent s*, the **interpret** method can provide a set of ranked interpretations, suggesting that the user might be searching for the field of study *latent semantic analysis*, the paper *latent structure analysis*, or other entity expressions starting with *latent s*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-121">This information can be used to quickly guide the user to the desired search results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-121">This information can be used to quickly guide the user to the desired search results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-122">The **evaluate** method can be used to retrieve a set of matching paper entities from the academic knowledge base, and the **calchistogram** method can be used to calculate the distribution of attribute values for a set of paper entities which can be used to further filter the search results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-122">The **evaluate** method can be used to retrieve a set of matching paper entities from the academic knowledge base, and the **calchistogram** method can be used to calculate the distribution of attribute values for a set of paper entities which can be used to further filter the search results.</span></span>        

<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-123">The **graph search** method has two modes: *json* and *lambda*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-123">The **graph search** method has two modes: *json* and *lambda*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-124">The *json* mode can perform graph pattern matching according to the graph patterns specified by a JSON object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-124">The *json* mode can perform graph pattern matching according to the graph patterns specified by a JSON object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-125">The *lambda* mode can perform server-side computations during graph traversals according to the user-specified lambda expressions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-125">The *lambda* mode can perform server-side computations during graph traversals according to the user-specified lambda expressions.</span></span>

## <a name="getting-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-126">Getting Started</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-126">Getting Started</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-127">Please see the subtopics at the left for detailed documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-127">Please see the subtopics at the left for detailed documentation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-128">Note that to improve the readability of the examples, the REST API calls contain characters (such as spaces) that have not been URL-encoded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-128">Note that to improve the readability of the examples, the REST API calls contain characters (such as spaces) that have not been URL-encoded.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5a2fd-129">Your code will need to apply the appropriate URL-encodings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5a2fd-129">Your code will need to apply the appropriate URL-encodings.</span></span>
