---
title: Web API interface in the Knowledge Exploration Service API | Microsoft Docs
description: Use the web API interface to create a rich, semantic search experience in the Knowledge Exploration Service (KES) API in Cognitive Services.
services: cognitive-services
author: bojunehsu
manager: stesp
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.technology: kes
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/26/2016
ms.author: paulhsu
ms.openlocfilehash: 9aadfadb74f26ced00c1caf77203e66ec442db95
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556494"
---
# <a name="web-api-interface"></a><span data-ttu-id="e75c5-103">Web API Interface</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-103">Web API Interface</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e75c5-104">The model files built by the Knowledge Exploration Service can be hosted and accessed via a set of web APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-104">The model files built by the Knowledge Exploration Service can be hosted and accessed via a set of web APIs.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-105">The APIs may be hosted on the local machine using the [`host_service`](CommandLine.md#host_service-command) command, or may be deployed to an Azure cloud service using the [`deploy_service`](CommandLine.md#deploy_service-command) command.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-105">The APIs may be hosted on the local machine using the [`host_service`](CommandLine.md#host_service-command) command, or may be deployed to an Azure cloud service using the [`deploy_service`](CommandLine.md#deploy_service-command) command.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-106">Both techniques expose the following API endpoints:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-106">Both techniques expose the following API endpoints:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-107">[*interpret*](interpretMethod.md) – Interprets a natural language query string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-107">[*interpret*](interpretMethod.md) – Interprets a natural language query string.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-108">Returns annotated interpretations to enable rich search-box auto-completion experiences that anticipate what the user is typing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-108">Returns annotated interpretations to enable rich search-box auto-completion experiences that anticipate what the user is typing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-109">[*evaluate*](evaluateMethod.md) – Evaluates and returns the output of a structured query expression.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-109">[*evaluate*](evaluateMethod.md) – Evaluates and returns the output of a structured query expression.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-110">[*calchistogram*](calchistogramMethod.md) – Calculates a histogram of attribute values for objects returned by a structured query expression.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-110">[*calchistogram*](calchistogramMethod.md) – Calculates a histogram of attribute values for objects returned by a structured query expression.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e75c5-111">Used together, these API methods allow the creation of a rich semantic search experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-111">Used together, these API methods allow the creation of a rich semantic search experience.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-112">Given a natural language query string, the *interpret* method provides annotated versions of the input query with structured query expressions, based on the underlying grammar and index data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-112">Given a natural language query string, the *interpret* method provides annotated versions of the input query with structured query expressions, based on the underlying grammar and index data.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-113">The *evaluate* method evaluates the structured query expression and returns the matching index objects for display.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-113">The *evaluate* method evaluates the structured query expression and returns the matching index objects for display.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-114">The *calchistogram* method computes the attribute value distributions to enable filtering and refinement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-114">The *calchistogram* method computes the attribute value distributions to enable filtering and refinement.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e75c5-115">**Example**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-115">**Example**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e75c5-116">In an academic publications domain, if a user types the string "latent s", the *interpret* method can provide a set of ranked interpretations, suggesting that the user might be searching for the keyword "latent semantic analysis", the title "latent structure analysis", or other expressions starting with "latent s".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-116">In an academic publications domain, if a user types the string "latent s", the *interpret* method can provide a set of ranked interpretations, suggesting that the user might be searching for the keyword "latent semantic analysis", the title "latent structure analysis", or other expressions starting with "latent s".</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-117">This information can be used to quickly guide the user to the desired search results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-117">This information can be used to quickly guide the user to the desired search results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e75c5-118">For this domain, the *evaluate* method can be used to retrieve a set of matching publications from the academic index, and the *calchistogram* method can be used to calculate the distribution of attribute values for the matching publications, which can be used to further filter and refine the search results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-118">For this domain, the *evaluate* method can be used to retrieve a set of matching publications from the academic index, and the *calchistogram* method can be used to calculate the distribution of attribute values for the matching publications, which can be used to further filter and refine the search results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e75c5-119">Note that to improve the readability of the examples, the REST API calls contain characters (such as spaces) that have not been URL-encoded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-119">Note that to improve the readability of the examples, the REST API calls contain characters (such as spaces) that have not been URL-encoded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e75c5-120">Your code will need to apply the appropriate URL-encodings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e75c5-120">Your code will need to apply the appropriate URL-encodings.</span></span>
