---
title: Azure identity & access security best practices | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides a set of best practices for identity management and access control using built in Azure capabilities.
services: security
documentationcenter: na
author: barclayn
manager: mbaldwin
editor: TomSh
ms.assetid: 07d8e8a8-47e8-447c-9c06-3a88d2713bc1
ms.service: security
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 04/26/2018
ms.author: barclayn
ms.openlocfilehash: e3fe033de05ed42d221795159461048790e1cec8
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44787155"
---
# <a name="azure-identity-management-and-access-control-security-best-practices"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-103">Azure Identity Management and access control security best practices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-103">Azure Identity Management and access control security best practices</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-104">Many consider identity to be the new boundary layer for security, taking over that role from the traditional network-centric perspective.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-104">Many consider identity to be the new boundary layer for security, taking over that role from the traditional network-centric perspective.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-105">This evolution of the primary pivot for security attention and investments come from the fact that network perimeters have become increasingly porous and that perimeter defense cannot be as effective as they once were prior to the explosion of [BYOD](http://aka.ms/byodcg) devices and cloud applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-105">This evolution of the primary pivot for security attention and investments come from the fact that network perimeters have become increasingly porous and that perimeter defense cannot be as effective as they once were prior to the explosion of [BYOD](http://aka.ms/byodcg) devices and cloud applications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-106">In this article, we discuss a collection of Azure identity management and access control security best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-106">In this article, we discuss a collection of Azure identity management and access control security best practices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-107">These best practices are derived from our experience with [Azure AD](../active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis.md) and the experiences of customers like yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-107">These best practices are derived from our experience with [Azure AD](../active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis.md) and the experiences of customers like yourself.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-108">For each best practice, we explain:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-108">For each best practice, we explain:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="35305-109">What the best practice is</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-109">What the best practice is</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-110">Why you want to enable that best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-110">Why you want to enable that best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-111">What might be the result if you fail to enable the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-111">What might be the result if you fail to enable the best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-112">Possible alternatives to the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-112">Possible alternatives to the best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-113">How you can learn to enable the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-113">How you can learn to enable the best practice</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-114">This Azure identity management and access control security best practices article is based on a consensus opinion and Azure platform capabilities and feature sets, as they exist at the time this article was written.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-114">This Azure identity management and access control security best practices article is based on a consensus opinion and Azure platform capabilities and feature sets, as they exist at the time this article was written.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-115">Opinions and technologies change over time and this article will be updated on a regular basis to reflect those changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-115">Opinions and technologies change over time and this article will be updated on a regular basis to reflect those changes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-116">Azure identity management and access control security best practices discussed in this article include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-116">Azure identity management and access control security best practices discussed in this article include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="35305-117">Centralize your identity management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-117">Centralize your identity management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-118">Enable Single Sign-On (SSO)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-118">Enable Single Sign-On (SSO)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-119">Deploy password management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-119">Deploy password management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-120">Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) for users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-120">Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) for users</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-121">Use role-based access control (RBAC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-121">Use role-based access control (RBAC)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-122">Control locations where resources are created using Resource Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-122">Control locations where resources are created using Resource Manager</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-123">Guide developers to leverage identity capabilities for SaaS apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-123">Guide developers to leverage identity capabilities for SaaS apps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-124">Actively monitor for suspicious activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-124">Actively monitor for suspicious activities</span></span>

## <a name="centralize-your-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-125">Centralize your identity management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-125">Centralize your identity management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-126">One important step towards securing your identity is to ensure that IT can manage accounts from one single location regarding where this account was created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-126">One important step towards securing your identity is to ensure that IT can manage accounts from one single location regarding where this account was created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-127">While the majority of the enterprises IT organizations have their primary account directory on-premises, hybrid cloud deployments are on the rise and it is important that you understand how to integrate on-premises and cloud directories and provide a seamless experience to the end user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-127">While the majority of the enterprises IT organizations have their primary account directory on-premises, hybrid cloud deployments are on the rise and it is important that you understand how to integrate on-premises and cloud directories and provide a seamless experience to the end user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-128">To accomplish this [hybrid identity](../active-directory/active-directory-hybrid-identity-design-considerations-overview.md) scenario we recommend two options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-128">To accomplish this [hybrid identity](../active-directory/active-directory-hybrid-identity-design-considerations-overview.md) scenario we recommend two options:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="35305-129">Synchronize your on-premises directory with your cloud directory using Azure AD Connect</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-129">Synchronize your on-premises directory with your cloud directory using Azure AD Connect</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="35305-130">Enable single sign-on with [password hash synchronization](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-implement-password-hash-synchronization), [pass-through authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect-pass-through-authentication-faq) or federate your on-premises identity with your cloud directory using [Active Directory Federation Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/identity/ad-fs/deployment/deploying-federation-servers) (AD FS)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-130">Enable single sign-on with [password hash synchronization](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-implement-password-hash-synchronization), [pass-through authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect-pass-through-authentication-faq) or federate your on-premises identity with your cloud directory using [Active Directory Federation Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/identity/ad-fs/deployment/deploying-federation-servers) (AD FS)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-131">Organizations that fail to integrate their on-premises identity with their cloud identity experience increased administrative overhead in managing accounts, which increases the likelihood of mistakes and security breaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-131">Organizations that fail to integrate their on-premises identity with their cloud identity experience increased administrative overhead in managing accounts, which increases the likelihood of mistakes and security breaches.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-132">For more information on Azure AD synchronization, see the article [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](../active-directory/active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-132">For more information on Azure AD synchronization, see the article [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](../active-directory/active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span></span>

## <a name="enable-single-sign-on-sso"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-133">Enable Single Sign-On (SSO)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-133">Enable Single Sign-On (SSO)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-134">When you have multiple directories to manage, this becomes an administrative problem not only for IT, but also for end users that have to remember multiple passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-134">When you have multiple directories to manage, this becomes an administrative problem not only for IT, but also for end users that have to remember multiple passwords.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-135">By using [SSO](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/videos/overview-of-single-sign-on/) you provide your users the ability of use the same set of credentials to sign in and access the resources that they need, regardless where this resource is located on-premises or in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-135">By using [SSO](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/videos/overview-of-single-sign-on/) you provide your users the ability of use the same set of credentials to sign in and access the resources that they need, regardless where this resource is located on-premises or in the cloud.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-136">Use SSO to enable users to access their [SaaS applications](../active-directory/manage-apps/what-is-single-sign-on.md) based on their organizational account in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-136">Use SSO to enable users to access their [SaaS applications](../active-directory/manage-apps/what-is-single-sign-on.md) based on their organizational account in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-137">This is applicable not only for Microsoft SaaS apps, but also other apps, such as [Google Apps](../active-directory/saas-apps/google-apps-tutorial.md) and [Salesforce](../active-directory/saas-apps/salesforce-tutorial.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-137">This is applicable not only for Microsoft SaaS apps, but also other apps, such as [Google Apps](../active-directory/saas-apps/google-apps-tutorial.md) and [Salesforce](../active-directory/saas-apps/salesforce-tutorial.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-138">Your application can be configured to use Azure AD as a [SAML-based identity](../active-directory/fundamentals-identity.md) provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-138">Your application can be configured to use Azure AD as a [SAML-based identity](../active-directory/fundamentals-identity.md) provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-139">As a security control, Azure AD will not issue a token allowing them to sign into the application unless they have been granted access using Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-139">As a security control, Azure AD will not issue a token allowing them to sign into the application unless they have been granted access using Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-140">You may grant access directly, or through a group that they are a member of.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-140">You may grant access directly, or through a group that they are a member of.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="35305-141">the decision to use SSO will impact how you integrate your on-premises directory with your cloud directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-141">the decision to use SSO will impact how you integrate your on-premises directory with your cloud directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-142">If you want SSO, you will need to use federation, because directory synchronization will only provide [same sign-on experience](../active-directory/active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-142">If you want SSO, you will need to use federation, because directory synchronization will only provide [same sign-on experience](../active-directory/active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-143">Organizations that do not enforce SSO for their users and applications are more exposed to scenarios where users have multiple passwords, which directly increases the likelihood of users reusing passwords or using weak passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-143">Organizations that do not enforce SSO for their users and applications are more exposed to scenarios where users have multiple passwords, which directly increases the likelihood of users reusing passwords or using weak passwords.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-144">You can learn more about Azure AD SSO by reading the article [AD FS management and customization with Azure AD Connect](../active-directory/active-directory-aadconnect-federation-management.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-144">You can learn more about Azure AD SSO by reading the article [AD FS management and customization with Azure AD Connect](../active-directory/active-directory-aadconnect-federation-management.md).</span></span>

## <a name="deploy-password-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-145">Deploy password management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-145">Deploy password management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-146">In scenarios where you have multiple tenants or you want to enable users to [reset their own password](../active-directory/user-help/active-directory-passwords-update-your-own-password.md), it is important that you use appropriate security policies to prevent abuse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-146">In scenarios where you have multiple tenants or you want to enable users to [reset their own password](../active-directory/user-help/active-directory-passwords-update-your-own-password.md), it is important that you use appropriate security policies to prevent abuse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-147">In Azure, you can leverage the self-service password reset capability and customize the security options to meet your business requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-147">In Azure, you can leverage the self-service password reset capability and customize the security options to meet your business requirements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-148">It is important to obtain feedback from these users and learn from their experiences as they try to perform these steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-148">It is important to obtain feedback from these users and learn from their experiences as they try to perform these steps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-149">Based on these experiences, elaborate a plan to mitigate potential issues that may occur during the deployment for a larger group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-149">Based on these experiences, elaborate a plan to mitigate potential issues that may occur during the deployment for a larger group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-150">It is also recommended that you use the [Password Reset Registration Activity report](../active-directory/active-directory-passwords-get-insights.md) to monitor the users that are registering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-150">It is also recommended that you use the [Password Reset Registration Activity report](../active-directory/active-directory-passwords-get-insights.md) to monitor the users that are registering.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-151">Organizations that want to avoid password change support calls but do enable users to reset their own passwords are more susceptible to a higher call volume to the service desk due to password issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-151">Organizations that want to avoid password change support calls but do enable users to reset their own passwords are more susceptible to a higher call volume to the service desk due to password issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-152">In organizations that have multiple tenants, it is imperative that you implement this type of capability and enable users to perform password reset within security boundaries that were established in the security policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-152">In organizations that have multiple tenants, it is imperative that you implement this type of capability and enable users to perform password reset within security boundaries that were established in the security policy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-153">You can learn more about password reset by reading the article [Deploying Password Management and training users to use it](../active-directory/authentication/howto-sspr-deployment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-153">You can learn more about password reset by reading the article [Deploying Password Management and training users to use it](../active-directory/authentication/howto-sspr-deployment.md).</span></span>

## <a name="enforce-multi-factor-authentication-mfa-for-users"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-154">Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) for users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-154">Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) for users</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-155">For organizations that need to be compliant with industry standards, such as [PCI DSS version 3.2](http://blog.pcisecuritystandards.org/preparing-for-pci-dss-32), multi-factor authentication is a must have capability for authenticate users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-155">For organizations that need to be compliant with industry standards, such as [PCI DSS version 3.2](http://blog.pcisecuritystandards.org/preparing-for-pci-dss-32), multi-factor authentication is a must have capability for authenticate users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-156">Beyond being compliant with industry standards, enforcing MFA to authenticate users can also help organizations to mitigate credential theft type of attack, such as [Pass-the-Hash (PtH)](http://aka.ms/PtHPaper).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-156">Beyond being compliant with industry standards, enforcing MFA to authenticate users can also help organizations to mitigate credential theft type of attack, such as [Pass-the-Hash (PtH)](http://aka.ms/PtHPaper).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-157">By enabling Azure MFA for your users, you are adding a second layer of security to user sign-ins and transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-157">By enabling Azure MFA for your users, you are adding a second layer of security to user sign-ins and transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-158">In this case, a transaction might be accessing a document located in a file server or in your SharePoint Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-158">In this case, a transaction might be accessing a document located in a file server or in your SharePoint Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-159">Azure MFA also helps IT to reduce the likelihood that a compromised credential has access to organization’s data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-159">Azure MFA also helps IT to reduce the likelihood that a compromised credential has access to organization’s data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-160">For example: you enforce Azure MFA for your users and configure it to use a phone call or text message as verification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-160">For example: you enforce Azure MFA for your users and configure it to use a phone call or text message as verification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-161">If the user’s credentials are compromised, the attacker is not able to access any resource since they do not have access to user’s phone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-161">If the user’s credentials are compromised, the attacker is not able to access any resource since they do not have access to user’s phone.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-162">Organizations that do not add extra layers of identity protection are more susceptible for credential theft attack, which may lead to data compromise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-162">Organizations that do not add extra layers of identity protection are more susceptible for credential theft attack, which may lead to data compromise.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-163">One alternative for organizations that want to keep the entire authentication control on-premises is to use [Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](../active-directory/authentication/howto-mfaserver-deploy.md), also called MFA on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-163">One alternative for organizations that want to keep the entire authentication control on-premises is to use [Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](../active-directory/authentication/howto-mfaserver-deploy.md), also called MFA on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-164">By using this method, you will still be able to enforce multi-factor authentication, while keeping the MFA server on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-164">By using this method, you will still be able to enforce multi-factor authentication, while keeping the MFA server on-premises.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-165">For more information on Azure MFA, see the article [Getting started with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](../active-directory/authentication/howto-mfa-getstarted.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-165">For more information on Azure MFA, see the article [Getting started with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](../active-directory/authentication/howto-mfa-getstarted.md).</span></span>

## <a name="use-role-based-access-control-rbac"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-166">Use role-based access control (RBAC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-166">Use role-based access control (RBAC)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-167">Restricting access based on the [need to know](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_to_know) and [least privilege](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege) security principles is imperative for organizations that want to enforce security policies for data access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-167">Restricting access based on the [need to know](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_to_know) and [least privilege](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege) security principles is imperative for organizations that want to enforce security policies for data access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-168">Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) can be used to assign permissions to users, groups, and applications at a certain scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-168">Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) can be used to assign permissions to users, groups, and applications at a certain scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-169">The scope of a role assignment can be a subscription, a resource group, or a single resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-169">The scope of a role assignment can be a subscription, a resource group, or a single resource.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-170">You can leverage [built in RBAC](../role-based-access-control/built-in-roles.md) roles in Azure to assign privileges to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-170">You can leverage [built in RBAC](../role-based-access-control/built-in-roles.md) roles in Azure to assign privileges to users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-171">Consider using *Storage Account Contributor* for cloud operators that need to manage storage accounts and *Classic Storage Account Contributor* role to manage classic storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-171">Consider using *Storage Account Contributor* for cloud operators that need to manage storage accounts and *Classic Storage Account Contributor* role to manage classic storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-172">For cloud operators that needs to manage VMs and storage account, consider adding them to *Virtual Machine Contributor* role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-172">For cloud operators that needs to manage VMs and storage account, consider adding them to *Virtual Machine Contributor* role.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-173">Organizations that do not enforce data access control by leveraging capabilities such as RBAC may be giving more privileges than necessary to their users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-173">Organizations that do not enforce data access control by leveraging capabilities such as RBAC may be giving more privileges than necessary to their users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-174">This can lead to data compromise by allow users access to certain types of data (for example, high business impact) that they shouldn’t have in the first place.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-174">This can lead to data compromise by allow users access to certain types of data (for example, high business impact) that they shouldn’t have in the first place.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-175">You can learn more about Azure RBAC by reading the article [Azure Role-Based Access Control](../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-175">You can learn more about Azure RBAC by reading the article [Azure Role-Based Access Control](../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md).</span></span>

## <a name="control-locations-where-resources-are-created-using-resource-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-176">Control locations where resources are created using Resource Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-176">Control locations where resources are created using Resource Manager</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-177">Enabling cloud operators to perform tasks while preventing them from breaking conventions that are needed to manage your organization's resources is important.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-177">Enabling cloud operators to perform tasks while preventing them from breaking conventions that are needed to manage your organization's resources is important.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-178">Organizations that want to control the locations where resources are created should hard code these locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-178">Organizations that want to control the locations where resources are created should hard code these locations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-179">To achieve this, organizations can create security policies that have definitions that describe the actions or resources that are denied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-179">To achieve this, organizations can create security policies that have definitions that describe the actions or resources that are denied.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-180">You assign those policy definitions at the desired scope, such as the subscription, resource group, or an individual resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-180">You assign those policy definitions at the desired scope, such as the subscription, resource group, or an individual resource.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="35305-181">this is not the same as RBAC, it actually leverages RBAC to authenticate the users that have privilege to create those resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-181">this is not the same as RBAC, it actually leverages RBAC to authenticate the users that have privilege to create those resources.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-182">Leverage [Azure Resource Manager](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md) to create custom policies also for scenarios where the organization wants to allow operations only when the appropriate cost center is associated; otherwise, they deny the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-182">Leverage [Azure Resource Manager](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md) to create custom policies also for scenarios where the organization wants to allow operations only when the appropriate cost center is associated; otherwise, they deny the request.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-183">Organizations that are not controlling how resources are created are more susceptible to users that may abuse the service by creating more resources than they need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-183">Organizations that are not controlling how resources are created are more susceptible to users that may abuse the service by creating more resources than they need.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-184">Hardening the resource creation process is an important step to secure a multi-tenant scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-184">Hardening the resource creation process is an important step to secure a multi-tenant scenario.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-185">You can learn more about creating policies with Azure Resource Manager by reading the article [What is Azure Policy?](../azure-policy/azure-policy-introduction.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-185">You can learn more about creating policies with Azure Resource Manager by reading the article [What is Azure Policy?](../azure-policy/azure-policy-introduction.md)</span></span>

## <a name="guide-developers-to-leverage-identity-capabilities-for-saas-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-186">Guide developers to leverage identity capabilities for SaaS apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-186">Guide developers to leverage identity capabilities for SaaS apps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-187">User identity is leveraged in many scenarios when users access [SaaS apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/active-directory/all/) that can be integrated with on-premises or cloud directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-187">User identity is leveraged in many scenarios when users access [SaaS apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/active-directory/all/) that can be integrated with on-premises or cloud directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-188">First and foremost, we recommend that developers use a secure methodology to develop these apps, such as [Microsoft Security Development Lifecycle (SDL)](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/default.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-188">First and foremost, we recommend that developers use a secure methodology to develop these apps, such as [Microsoft Security Development Lifecycle (SDL)](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/default.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-189">Azure AD simplifies authentication for developers by providing identity as a service, with support for industry-standard protocols such as [OAuth 2.0](http://oauth.net/2/) and [OpenID Connect](http://openid.net/connect/), as well as open-source libraries for different platforms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-189">Azure AD simplifies authentication for developers by providing identity as a service, with support for industry-standard protocols such as [OAuth 2.0](http://oauth.net/2/) and [OpenID Connect](http://openid.net/connect/), as well as open-source libraries for different platforms.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-190">Make sure to register any application that outsources authentication to Azure AD, this is a mandatory procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-190">Make sure to register any application that outsources authentication to Azure AD, this is a mandatory procedure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-191">The reason behind this is because Azure AD needs to coordinate the communication with the application when handling sign-on (SSO) or exchanging tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-191">The reason behind this is because Azure AD needs to coordinate the communication with the application when handling sign-on (SSO) or exchanging tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-192">The user’s session expires when the lifetime of the token issued by Azure AD expires.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-192">The user’s session expires when the lifetime of the token issued by Azure AD expires.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-193">Always evaluate if your application should use this time or if you can reduce this time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-193">Always evaluate if your application should use this time or if you can reduce this time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-194">Reducing the lifetime can act as a security measure that will force users to sign out based on a period of inactivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-194">Reducing the lifetime can act as a security measure that will force users to sign out based on a period of inactivity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-195">Organizations that do not enforce identity control to access apps and do not guide their developers on how to securely integrate apps with their identity management system may be more susceptible to credential theft type of attack, such as [weak authentication and session management described in Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) Top 10](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Top_Ten_Cheat_Sheet).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-195">Organizations that do not enforce identity control to access apps and do not guide their developers on how to securely integrate apps with their identity management system may be more susceptible to credential theft type of attack, such as [weak authentication and session management described in Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) Top 10](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Top_Ten_Cheat_Sheet).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-196">You can learn more about authentication scenarios for SaaS apps by reading [Authentication Scenarios for Azure AD](../active-directory/develop/authentication-scenarios.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-196">You can learn more about authentication scenarios for SaaS apps by reading [Authentication Scenarios for Azure AD](../active-directory/develop/authentication-scenarios.md).</span></span>

## <a name="actively-monitor-for-suspicious-activities"></a><span data-ttu-id="35305-197">Actively monitor for suspicious activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-197">Actively monitor for suspicious activities</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-198">According to [Verizon 2016 Data Breach report](http://www.verizonenterprise.com/verizon-insights-lab/dbir/2016/), credential compromise is still in the rise and becoming one of the most profitable businesses for cyber criminals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-198">According to [Verizon 2016 Data Breach report](http://www.verizonenterprise.com/verizon-insights-lab/dbir/2016/), credential compromise is still in the rise and becoming one of the most profitable businesses for cyber criminals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-199">For this reason, it is important to have an active identity monitor system in place that can quickly detect suspicious behavior activity and trigger an alert for further investigation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-199">For this reason, it is important to have an active identity monitor system in place that can quickly detect suspicious behavior activity and trigger an alert for further investigation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-200">Azure AD has two major capabilities that can help organizations monitor their identities: Azure AD Premium [anomaly reports](../active-directory/active-directory-view-access-usage-reports.md) and Azure AD [identity protection](../active-directory/active-directory-identityprotection.md) capability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-200">Azure AD has two major capabilities that can help organizations monitor their identities: Azure AD Premium [anomaly reports](../active-directory/active-directory-view-access-usage-reports.md) and Azure AD [identity protection](../active-directory/active-directory-identityprotection.md) capability.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-201">Make sure to use the anomaly reports to identify attempts to sign in [without being traced](../active-directory/active-directory-reporting-sign-ins-from-unknown-sources.md), [brute force](../active-directory/active-directory-reporting-sign-ins-after-multiple-failures.md) attacks against a particular account, attempts to sign in from multiple locations, sign in from [infected devices, and suspicious IP addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-201">Make sure to use the anomaly reports to identify attempts to sign in [without being traced](../active-directory/active-directory-reporting-sign-ins-from-unknown-sources.md), [brute force](../active-directory/active-directory-reporting-sign-ins-after-multiple-failures.md) attacks against a particular account, attempts to sign in from multiple locations, sign in from [infected devices, and suspicious IP addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-202">Keep in mind that these are reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-202">Keep in mind that these are reports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-203">In other words, you must have processes and procedures in place for IT admins to run these reports on the daily basis or on demand (usually in an incident response scenario).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-203">In other words, you must have processes and procedures in place for IT admins to run these reports on the daily basis or on demand (usually in an incident response scenario).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-204">In contrast, Azure AD identity protection is an active monitoring system and it flags the current risks on its own dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-204">In contrast, Azure AD identity protection is an active monitoring system and it flags the current risks on its own dashboard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-205">Besides that, you will also receive daily summary notifications via email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-205">Besides that, you will also receive daily summary notifications via email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-206">We recommend that you adjust the risk level according to your business requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-206">We recommend that you adjust the risk level according to your business requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-207">The risk level for a risk event is an indication (High, Medium, or Low) of the severity of the risk event.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-207">The risk level for a risk event is an indication (High, Medium, or Low) of the severity of the risk event.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-208">The risk level helps Identity Protection users prioritize the actions they must take to reduce the risk to their organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-208">The risk level helps Identity Protection users prioritize the actions they must take to reduce the risk to their organization.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35305-209">Organizations that do not actively monitor their identity systems are at risk of having user credentials compromised.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-209">Organizations that do not actively monitor their identity systems are at risk of having user credentials compromised.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35305-210">Without knowledge that suspicious activities are taking place using these credentials, organizations won’t be able to mitigate this type of threat.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-210">Without knowledge that suspicious activities are taking place using these credentials, organizations won’t be able to mitigate this type of threat.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35305-211">You can learn more about Azure Identity protection by reading [Azure Active Directory Identity Protection](../active-directory/active-directory-identityprotection.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35305-211">You can learn more about Azure Identity protection by reading [Azure Active Directory Identity Protection](../active-directory/active-directory-identityprotection.md).</span></span>
