---
title: Data Security and Encryption Best Practices | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides a set of best practices for data security and encryption using built in Azure capabilities.
services: security
documentationcenter: na
author: YuriDio
manager: swadhwa
editor: TomSh
ms.assetid: 17ba67ad-e5cd-4a8f-b435-5218df753ca4
ms.service: security
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 01/09/2017
ms.author: yurid
ms.openlocfilehash: 81136e53756adfdba2f07c103b042499fe2967db
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555524"
---
# <a name="azure-data-security-and-encryption-best-practices"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-103">Azure Data Security and Encryption Best Practices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-103">Azure Data Security and Encryption Best Practices</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-104">One of the keys to data protection in the cloud is accounting for the possible states in which your data may occur, and what controls are available for that state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-104">One of the keys to data protection in the cloud is accounting for the possible states in which your data may occur, and what controls are available for that state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-105">For the purpose of Azure data security and encryption best practices the recommendations will be around the following data’s states:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-105">For the purpose of Azure data security and encryption best practices the recommendations will be around the following data’s states:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-106">At-rest: This includes all information storage objects, containers, and types that exist statically on physical media, be it magnetic or optical disk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-106">At-rest: This includes all information storage objects, containers, and types that exist statically on physical media, be it magnetic or optical disk.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-107">In-Transit: When data is being transferred between components, locations or programs, such as over the network, across a service bus (from on-premises to cloud and vice-versa, including hybrid connections such as ExpressRoute), or during an input/output process, it is thought of as being in-motion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-107">In-Transit: When data is being transferred between components, locations or programs, such as over the network, across a service bus (from on-premises to cloud and vice-versa, including hybrid connections such as ExpressRoute), or during an input/output process, it is thought of as being in-motion.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-108">In this article we will discuss a collection of Azure data security and encryption best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-108">In this article we will discuss a collection of Azure data security and encryption best practices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-109">These best practices are derived from our experience with Azure data security and encryption and the experiences of customers like yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-109">These best practices are derived from our experience with Azure data security and encryption and the experiences of customers like yourself.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-110">For each best practice, we’ll explain:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-110">For each best practice, we’ll explain:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-111">What the best practice is</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-111">What the best practice is</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-112">Why you want to enable that best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-112">Why you want to enable that best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-113">What might be the result if you fail to enable the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-113">What might be the result if you fail to enable the best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-114">Possible alternatives to the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-114">Possible alternatives to the best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-115">How you can learn to enable the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-115">How you can learn to enable the best practice</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-116">This Azure Data Security and Encryption Best Practices article is based on a consensus opinion, and Azure platform capabilities and feature sets, as they exist at the time this article was written.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-116">This Azure Data Security and Encryption Best Practices article is based on a consensus opinion, and Azure platform capabilities and feature sets, as they exist at the time this article was written.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-117">Opinions and technologies change over time and this article will be updated on a regular basis to reflect those changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-117">Opinions and technologies change over time and this article will be updated on a regular basis to reflect those changes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-118">Azure data security and encryption best practices discussed in this article include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-118">Azure data security and encryption best practices discussed in this article include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-119">Enforce multi-factor authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-119">Enforce multi-factor authentication</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-120">Use role based access control (RBAC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-120">Use role based access control (RBAC)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-121">Encrypt Azure virtual machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-121">Encrypt Azure virtual machines</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-122">Use hardware security models</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-122">Use hardware security models</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-123">Manage with Secure Workstations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-123">Manage with Secure Workstations</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-124">Enable SQL data encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-124">Enable SQL data encryption</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-125">Protect data in transit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-125">Protect data in transit</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-126">Enforce file level data encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-126">Enforce file level data encryption</span></span>

## <a name="enforce-multi-factor-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-127">Enforce Multi-factor Authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-127">Enforce Multi-factor Authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-128">The first step in data access and control in Microsoft Azure is to authenticate the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-128">The first step in data access and control in Microsoft Azure is to authenticate the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-129">[Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication.md) is a method of verifying user’s identity by using another method than just a username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-129">[Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication.md) is a method of verifying user’s identity by using another method than just a username and password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-130">This authentication method helps safeguard access to data and applications while meeting user demand for a simple sign-in process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-130">This authentication method helps safeguard access to data and applications while meeting user demand for a simple sign-in process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-131">By enabling Azure MFA for your users, you are adding a second layer of security to user sign-ins and transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-131">By enabling Azure MFA for your users, you are adding a second layer of security to user sign-ins and transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-132">In this case, a transaction might be accessing a document located in a file server or in your SharePoint Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-132">In this case, a transaction might be accessing a document located in a file server or in your SharePoint Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-133">Azure MFA also helps IT to reduce the likelihood that a compromised credential will have access to organization’s data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-133">Azure MFA also helps IT to reduce the likelihood that a compromised credential will have access to organization’s data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-134">For example: if you enforce Azure MFA for your users and configure it to use a phone call or text message as verification, if the user’s credential is compromised, the attacker won’t be able to access any resource since he will not have access to user’s phone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-134">For example: if you enforce Azure MFA for your users and configure it to use a phone call or text message as verification, if the user’s credential is compromised, the attacker won’t be able to access any resource since he will not have access to user’s phone.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-135">Organizations that do not add this extra layer of identity protection are more susceptible for credential theft attack, which may lead to data compromise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-135">Organizations that do not add this extra layer of identity protection are more susceptible for credential theft attack, which may lead to data compromise.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-136">One alternative for organizations that want to keep the authentication control on-premises is to use [Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server.md), also called MFA on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-136">One alternative for organizations that want to keep the authentication control on-premises is to use [Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server.md), also called MFA on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-137">By using this method you will still be able to enforce multi-factor authentication, while keeping the MFA server on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-137">By using this method you will still be able to enforce multi-factor authentication, while keeping the MFA server on-premises.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-138">For more information on Azure MFA, please read the article [Getting started with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-cloud.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-138">For more information on Azure MFA, please read the article [Getting started with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-cloud.md).</span></span>

## <a name="use-role-based-access-control-rbac"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-139">Use Role Based Access Control (RBAC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-139">Use Role Based Access Control (RBAC)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-140">Restrict access based on the [need to know](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_to_know) and [least privilege](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege) security principles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-140">Restrict access based on the [need to know](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_to_know) and [least privilege](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege) security principles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-141">This is imperative for organizations that want to enforce security policies for data access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-141">This is imperative for organizations that want to enforce security policies for data access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-142">Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) can be used to assign permissions to users, groups, and applications at a certain scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-142">Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) can be used to assign permissions to users, groups, and applications at a certain scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-143">The scope of a role assignment can be a subscription, a resource group, or a single resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-143">The scope of a role assignment can be a subscription, a resource group, or a single resource.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-144">You can leverage [built-in RBAC roles](../active-directory/role-based-access-built-in-roles.md) in Azure to assign privileges to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-144">You can leverage [built-in RBAC roles](../active-directory/role-based-access-built-in-roles.md) in Azure to assign privileges to users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-145">Consider using *Storage Account Contributor* for cloud operators that need to manage storage accounts and *Classic Storage Account Contributor* role to manage classic storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-145">Consider using *Storage Account Contributor* for cloud operators that need to manage storage accounts and *Classic Storage Account Contributor* role to manage classic storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-146">For cloud operators that needs to manage VMs and storage account, consider adding them to *Virtual Machine Contributor* role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-146">For cloud operators that needs to manage VMs and storage account, consider adding them to *Virtual Machine Contributor* role.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-147">Organizations that do not enforce data access control by leveraging capabilities such as RBAC may be giving more privileges than necessary for their users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-147">Organizations that do not enforce data access control by leveraging capabilities such as RBAC may be giving more privileges than necessary for their users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-148">This can lead to data compromise by having some users having access to data that they shouldn’t have in the first place.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-148">This can lead to data compromise by having some users having access to data that they shouldn’t have in the first place.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-149">You can learn more about Azure RBAC by reading the article [Azure Role-Based Access Control](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-149">You can learn more about Azure RBAC by reading the article [Azure Role-Based Access Control](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md).</span></span>

## <a name="encrypt-azure-virtual-machines"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-150">Encrypt Azure Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-150">Encrypt Azure Virtual Machines</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-151">For many organizations, [data encryption at rest](https://blogs.microsoft.com/cybertrust/2015/09/10/cloud-security-controls-series-encrypting-data-at-rest/) is a mandatory step towards data privacy, compliance and data sovereignty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-151">For many organizations, [data encryption at rest](https://blogs.microsoft.com/cybertrust/2015/09/10/cloud-security-controls-series-encrypting-data-at-rest/) is a mandatory step towards data privacy, compliance and data sovereignty.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-152">Azure Disk Encryption enables IT administrators to encrypt Windows and Linux IaaS Virtual Machine (VM) disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-152">Azure Disk Encryption enables IT administrators to encrypt Windows and Linux IaaS Virtual Machine (VM) disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-153">Azure Disk Encryption leverages the industry standard BitLocker feature of Windows and the DM-Crypt feature of Linux to provide volume encryption for the OS and the data disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-153">Azure Disk Encryption leverages the industry standard BitLocker feature of Windows and the DM-Crypt feature of Linux to provide volume encryption for the OS and the data disks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-154">You can leverage Azure Disk Encryption to help protect and safeguard your data to meet your organizational security and compliance requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-154">You can leverage Azure Disk Encryption to help protect and safeguard your data to meet your organizational security and compliance requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-155">Organizations should also consider using encryption to help mitigate risks related to unauthorized data access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-155">Organizations should also consider using encryption to help mitigate risks related to unauthorized data access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-156">It is also recommended that you encrypt drives prior to writing sensitive data to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-156">It is also recommended that you encrypt drives prior to writing sensitive data to them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-157">Make sure to encrypt your VM’s data volumes and boot volume in order to protect data at rest in your Azure storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-157">Make sure to encrypt your VM’s data volumes and boot volume in order to protect data at rest in your Azure storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-158">Safeguard the encryption keys and secrets by leveraging [Azure Key Vault](../key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-158">Safeguard the encryption keys and secrets by leveraging [Azure Key Vault](../key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-159">For your on-premises Windows Servers, consider the following encryption best practices:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-159">For your on-premises Windows Servers, consider the following encryption best practices:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-160">Use [BitLocker](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn306081.aspx) for data encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-160">Use [BitLocker](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn306081.aspx) for data encryption</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-161">Store recovery information in AD DS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-161">Store recovery information in AD DS.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-162">If there is any concern that BitLocker keys have been compromised, we recommend that you either format the drive to remove all instances of the BitLocker metadata from the drive or that you decrypt and encrypt the entire drive again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-162">If there is any concern that BitLocker keys have been compromised, we recommend that you either format the drive to remove all instances of the BitLocker metadata from the drive or that you decrypt and encrypt the entire drive again.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-163">Organizations that do not enforce data encryption are more likely to be exposed to data integrity issues, such as malicious or rogue users stealing data and compromised accounts gaining unauthorized access to data in clear format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-163">Organizations that do not enforce data encryption are more likely to be exposed to data integrity issues, such as malicious or rogue users stealing data and compromised accounts gaining unauthorized access to data in clear format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-164">Besides these risks, companies that have to comply with industry regulations, must prove that they are diligent and are using the correct security controls to enhance data security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-164">Besides these risks, companies that have to comply with industry regulations, must prove that they are diligent and are using the correct security controls to enhance data security.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-165">You can learn more about Azure Disk Encryption by reading the article [Azure Disk Encryption for Windows and Linux IaaS VMs](azure-security-disk-encryption.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-165">You can learn more about Azure Disk Encryption by reading the article [Azure Disk Encryption for Windows and Linux IaaS VMs](azure-security-disk-encryption.md).</span></span>

## <a name="use-hardware-security-modules"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-166">Use Hardware Security Modules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-166">Use Hardware Security Modules</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-167">Industry encryption solutions use secret keys to encrypt data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-167">Industry encryption solutions use secret keys to encrypt data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-168">Therefore, it is critical that these keys are safely stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-168">Therefore, it is critical that these keys are safely stored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-169">Key management becomes an integral part of data protection, since it will be leveraged to store secret keys that are used to encrypt data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-169">Key management becomes an integral part of data protection, since it will be leveraged to store secret keys that are used to encrypt data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-170">Azure disk encryption uses [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/key-vault/) to help you control and manage disk encryption keys and secrets in your key vault subscription, while ensuring that all data in the virtual machine disks are encrypted at rest in your Azure storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-170">Azure disk encryption uses [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/key-vault/) to help you control and manage disk encryption keys and secrets in your key vault subscription, while ensuring that all data in the virtual machine disks are encrypted at rest in your Azure storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-171">You should use Azure Key Vault to audit keys and policy usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-171">You should use Azure Key Vault to audit keys and policy usage.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-172">There are many inherent risks related to not having appropriate security controls in place to protect the secret keys that were used to encrypt your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-172">There are many inherent risks related to not having appropriate security controls in place to protect the secret keys that were used to encrypt your data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-173">If attackers have access to the secret keys, they will be able to decrypt the data and potentially have access to confidential information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-173">If attackers have access to the secret keys, they will be able to decrypt the data and potentially have access to confidential information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-174">You can learn more about general recommendations for certificate management in Azure by reading the article [Certificate Management in Azure: Do’s and Don’ts](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuresecurity/2015/07/13/certificate-management-in-azure-dos-and-donts/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-174">You can learn more about general recommendations for certificate management in Azure by reading the article [Certificate Management in Azure: Do’s and Don’ts](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuresecurity/2015/07/13/certificate-management-in-azure-dos-and-donts/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-175">For more information about Azure Key Vault, read [Get started with Azure Key Vault](../key-vault/key-vault-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-175">For more information about Azure Key Vault, read [Get started with Azure Key Vault](../key-vault/key-vault-get-started.md).</span></span>

## <a name="manage-with-secure-workstations"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-176">Manage with Secure Workstations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-176">Manage with Secure Workstations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-177">Since the vast majority of the attacks target the end user, the endpoint becomes one of the primary points of attack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-177">Since the vast majority of the attacks target the end user, the endpoint becomes one of the primary points of attack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-178">If an attacker compromises the endpoint, he can leverage the user’s credentials to gain access to organization’s data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-178">If an attacker compromises the endpoint, he can leverage the user’s credentials to gain access to organization’s data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-179">Most endpoint attacks are able to take advantage of the fact that end users are administrators in their local workstations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-179">Most endpoint attacks are able to take advantage of the fact that end users are administrators in their local workstations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-180">You can reduce these risks by using a secure management workstation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-180">You can reduce these risks by using a secure management workstation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-181">We recommend that you use a [Privileged Access Workstations (PAW)](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt634654.aspx) to reduce the attack surface in workstations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-181">We recommend that you use a [Privileged Access Workstations (PAW)](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt634654.aspx) to reduce the attack surface in workstations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-182">These secure management workstations can help you mitigate some of these attacks help ensure your data is safer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-182">These secure management workstations can help you mitigate some of these attacks help ensure your data is safer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-183">Make sure to use PAW to harden and lock down your workstation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-183">Make sure to use PAW to harden and lock down your workstation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-184">This is an important step to provide high security assurances for sensitive accounts, tasks and data protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-184">This is an important step to provide high security assurances for sensitive accounts, tasks and data protection.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-185">Lack of endpoint protection may put your data at risk, make sure to enforce security policies across all devices that are used to consume data, regardless of the data location (cloud or on-premises).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-185">Lack of endpoint protection may put your data at risk, make sure to enforce security policies across all devices that are used to consume data, regardless of the data location (cloud or on-premises).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-186">You can learn more about privileged access workstation by reading the article [Securing Privileged Access](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt631194.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-186">You can learn more about privileged access workstation by reading the article [Securing Privileged Access](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt631194.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="enable-sql-data-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-187">Enable SQL data encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-187">Enable SQL data encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-188">[Azure SQL Database transparent data encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn948096.aspx) (TDE) helps protect against the threat of malicious activity by performing real-time encryption and decryption of the database, associated backups, and transaction log files at rest without requiring changes to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-188">[Azure SQL Database transparent data encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn948096.aspx) (TDE) helps protect against the threat of malicious activity by performing real-time encryption and decryption of the database, associated backups, and transaction log files at rest without requiring changes to the application.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="256c5-189">TDE encrypts the storage of an entire database by using a symmetric key called the database encryption key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-189">TDE encrypts the storage of an entire database by using a symmetric key called the database encryption key.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-190">Even when the entire storage is encrypted, it is very important to also encrypt your database itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-190">Even when the entire storage is encrypted, it is very important to also encrypt your database itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-191">This is an implementation of the defense in depth approach for data protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-191">This is an implementation of the defense in depth approach for data protection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-192">If you are using [Azure SQL Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/0bf7e8ff-1416-4923-9c4c-49341e208c62.aspx) and wish to protect sensitive data such as credit card or social security numbers, you can encrypt databases with FIPS 140-2 validated 256 bit AES encryption which meets the requirements of many industry standards (e.g., HIPAA, PCI).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-192">If you are using [Azure SQL Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/0bf7e8ff-1416-4923-9c4c-49341e208c62.aspx) and wish to protect sensitive data such as credit card or social security numbers, you can encrypt databases with FIPS 140-2 validated 256 bit AES encryption which meets the requirements of many industry standards (e.g., HIPAA, PCI).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-193">It’s important to understand that files related to [buffer pool extension](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn133176.aspx) (BPE) are not encrypted when a database is encrypted using TDE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-193">It’s important to understand that files related to [buffer pool extension](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn133176.aspx) (BPE) are not encrypted when a database is encrypted using TDE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-194">You must use file system level encryption tools like BitLocker or the [Encrypting File System](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc700811.aspx) (EFS) for BPE related files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-194">You must use file system level encryption tools like BitLocker or the [Encrypting File System](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc700811.aspx) (EFS) for BPE related files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-195">Since an authorized user such as a security administrator or a database administrator can access the data even if the database is encrypted with TDE, you should also follow the recommendations below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-195">Since an authorized user such as a security administrator or a database administrator can access the data even if the database is encrypted with TDE, you should also follow the recommendations below:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-196">SQL authentication at the database level</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-196">SQL authentication at the database level</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-197">Azure AD authentication using RBAC roles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-197">Azure AD authentication using RBAC roles</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-198">Users and applications should use separate accounts to authenticate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-198">Users and applications should use separate accounts to authenticate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-199">This way you can limit the permissions granted to users and applications and reduce the risks of malicious activity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-199">This way you can limit the permissions granted to users and applications and reduce the risks of malicious activity</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-200">Implement database-level security by using fixed database roles (such as db_datareader or db_datawriter), or you can create custom roles for your application to grant explicit permissions to selected database objects</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-200">Implement database-level security by using fixed database roles (such as db_datareader or db_datawriter), or you can create custom roles for your application to grant explicit permissions to selected database objects</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-201">Organizations that are not using database level encryption may be more susceptible for attacks that may compromise data located in SQL databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-201">Organizations that are not using database level encryption may be more susceptible for attacks that may compromise data located in SQL databases.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-202">You can learn more about SQL TDE encryption by reading the article [Transparent Data Encryption with Azure SQL Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/0bf7e8ff-1416-4923-9c4c-49341e208c62.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-202">You can learn more about SQL TDE encryption by reading the article [Transparent Data Encryption with Azure SQL Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/0bf7e8ff-1416-4923-9c4c-49341e208c62.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="protect-data-in-transit"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-203">Protect data in transit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-203">Protect data in transit</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-204">Protecting data in transit should be essential part of your data protection strategy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-204">Protecting data in transit should be essential part of your data protection strategy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-205">Since data will be moving back and forth from many locations, the general recommendation is that you always use SSL/TLS protocols to exchange data across different locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-205">Since data will be moving back and forth from many locations, the general recommendation is that you always use SSL/TLS protocols to exchange data across different locations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-206">In some circumstances, you may want to isolate the entire communication channel between your on-premises and cloud infrastructure by using a virtual private network (VPN).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-206">In some circumstances, you may want to isolate the entire communication channel between your on-premises and cloud infrastructure by using a virtual private network (VPN).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-207">For data moving between your on-premises infrastructure and Azure, you should consider appropriate safeguards such as HTTPS or VPN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-207">For data moving between your on-premises infrastructure and Azure, you should consider appropriate safeguards such as HTTPS or VPN.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-208">For organizations that need to secure access from multiple workstations located on-premises to Azure, use [Azure site-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-site-to-site-create.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-208">For organizations that need to secure access from multiple workstations located on-premises to Azure, use [Azure site-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-site-to-site-create.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-209">For organizations that need to secure access from one workstation located on-premises to Azure, use [Point-to-Site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-point-to-site-create.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-209">For organizations that need to secure access from one workstation located on-premises to Azure, use [Point-to-Site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-point-to-site-create.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-210">Larger data sets can be moved over a dedicated high-speed WAN link such as [ExpressRoute](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/expressroute/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-210">Larger data sets can be moved over a dedicated high-speed WAN link such as [ExpressRoute](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/expressroute/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-211">If you choose to use ExpressRoute, you can also encrypt the data at the application-level using [SSL/TLS](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/257591) or other protocols for added protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-211">If you choose to use ExpressRoute, you can also encrypt the data at the application-level using [SSL/TLS](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/257591) or other protocols for added protection.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-212">If you are interacting with Azure Storage through the Azure Portal, all transactions occur via HTTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-212">If you are interacting with Azure Storage through the Azure Portal, all transactions occur via HTTPS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-213">[Storage REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179355.aspx) over HTTPS can also be used to interact with [Azure Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/storage/) and [Azure SQL Database](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-213">[Storage REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179355.aspx) over HTTPS can also be used to interact with [Azure Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/storage/) and [Azure SQL Database](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-214">Organizations that fail to protect data in transit are more susceptible for [man-in-the-middle attacks](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/gg195821.aspx), [eavesdropping](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/gg195641.aspx) and session hijacking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-214">Organizations that fail to protect data in transit are more susceptible for [man-in-the-middle attacks](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/gg195821.aspx), [eavesdropping](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/gg195641.aspx) and session hijacking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-215">These attacks can be the first step in gaining access to confidential data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-215">These attacks can be the first step in gaining access to confidential data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-216">You can learn more about Azure VPN option by reading the article [Planning and design for VPN Gateway](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-plan-design.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-216">You can learn more about Azure VPN option by reading the article [Planning and design for VPN Gateway](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-plan-design.md).</span></span>

## <a name="enforce-file-level-data-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="256c5-217">Enforce file level data encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-217">Enforce file level data encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="256c5-218">Another layer of protection that can increase the level of security for your data is encrypting the file itself, regardless of the file location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-218">Another layer of protection that can increase the level of security for your data is encrypting the file itself, regardless of the file location.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-219">[Azure RMS](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj585026.aspx) uses encryption, identity, and authorization policies to help secure your files and email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-219">[Azure RMS](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj585026.aspx) uses encryption, identity, and authorization policies to help secure your files and email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-220">Azure RMS works across multiple devices — phones, tablets, and PCs by protecting both within your organization and outside your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-220">Azure RMS works across multiple devices — phones, tablets, and PCs by protecting both within your organization and outside your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-221">This capability is possible because Azure RMS adds a level of protection that remains with the data, even when it leaves your organization’s boundaries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-221">This capability is possible because Azure RMS adds a level of protection that remains with the data, even when it leaves your organization’s boundaries.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-222">When you use Azure RMS to protect your files, you are using industry-standard cryptography with full support of [FIPS 140-2](http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/STM/cmvp/standards.html).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-222">When you use Azure RMS to protect your files, you are using industry-standard cryptography with full support of [FIPS 140-2](http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/STM/cmvp/standards.html).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-223">When you leverage Azure RMS for data protection, you have the assurance that the protection stays with the file, even if it is copied to storage that is not under the control of IT, such as a cloud storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-223">When you leverage Azure RMS for data protection, you have the assurance that the protection stays with the file, even if it is copied to storage that is not under the control of IT, such as a cloud storage service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-224">The same occurs for files shared via e-mail, the file is protected as an attachment to an email message, with instructions how to open the protected attachment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-224">The same occurs for files shared via e-mail, the file is protected as an attachment to an email message, with instructions how to open the protected attachment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-225">When planning for Azure RMS adoption we recommend the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-225">When planning for Azure RMS adoption we recommend the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-226">Install the [RMS sharing app](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn339006.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-226">Install the [RMS sharing app](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn339006.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-227">This app integrates with Office applications by installing an Office add-in so that users can easily protect files directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-227">This app integrates with Office applications by installing an Office add-in so that users can easily protect files directly.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-228">Configure applications and services to support Azure RMS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-228">Configure applications and services to support Azure RMS</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="256c5-229">Create [custom templates](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn642472.aspx) that reflect your business requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-229">Create [custom templates](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn642472.aspx) that reflect your business requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-230">For example: a template for top secret data that should be applied in all top secret related emails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-230">For example: a template for top secret data that should be applied in all top secret related emails.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-231">Organizations that are weak on [data classification](http://download.microsoft.com/download/0/A/3/0A3BE969-85C5-4DD2-83B6-366AA71D1FE3/Data-Classification-for-Cloud-Readiness.pdf) and file protection may be more susceptible to data leakage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-231">Organizations that are weak on [data classification](http://download.microsoft.com/download/0/A/3/0A3BE969-85C5-4DD2-83B6-366AA71D1FE3/Data-Classification-for-Cloud-Readiness.pdf) and file protection may be more susceptible to data leakage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="256c5-232">Without proper file protection, organizations won’t be able to obtain business insights, monitor for abuse and prevent malicious access to files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-232">Without proper file protection, organizations won’t be able to obtain business insights, monitor for abuse and prevent malicious access to files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="256c5-233">You can learn more about Azure RMS by reading the article [Getting Started with Azure Rights Management](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj585016.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="256c5-233">You can learn more about Azure RMS by reading the article [Getting Started with Azure Rights Management](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj585016.aspx).</span></span>
