---
title: Azure Network Security Best Practices | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides a set of best practices for network security using built in Azure capabilities.
services: security
documentationcenter: na
author: TomShinder
manager: swadhwa
editor: TomShinder
ms.assetid: 7f6aa45f-138f-4fde-a611-aaf7e8fe56d1
ms.service: security
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 01/09/2017
ms.author: TomSh
ms.openlocfilehash: 659304937eebb1b2fe6faf019dfef63e1e29bcd4
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44671995"
---
# <a name="azure-network-security-best-practices"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-103">Azure Network Security Best Practices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-103">Azure Network Security Best Practices</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-104">Microsoft Azure enables you to connect virtual machines and appliances to other networked devices by placing them on Azure Virtual Networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-104">Microsoft Azure enables you to connect virtual machines and appliances to other networked devices by placing them on Azure Virtual Networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-105">An Azure Virtual Network is a virtual network construct that allows you to connect virtual network interface cards to a virtual network to allow TCP/IP-based communications between network enabled devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-105">An Azure Virtual Network is a virtual network construct that allows you to connect virtual network interface cards to a virtual network to allow TCP/IP-based communications between network enabled devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-106">Azure Virtual Machines connected to an Azure Virtual Network are able to connect to devices on the same Azure Virtual Network, different Azure Virtual Networks, on the Internet or even on your own on-premises networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-106">Azure Virtual Machines connected to an Azure Virtual Network are able to connect to devices on the same Azure Virtual Network, different Azure Virtual Networks, on the Internet or even on your own on-premises networks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-107">In this article we will discuss a collection of Azure network security best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-107">In this article we will discuss a collection of Azure network security best practices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-108">These best practices are derived from our experience with Azure networking and the experiences of customers like yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-108">These best practices are derived from our experience with Azure networking and the experiences of customers like yourself.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-109">For each best practice, we’ll explain:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-109">For each best practice, we’ll explain:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-110">What the best practice is</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-110">What the best practice is</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-111">Why you want to enable that best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-111">Why you want to enable that best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-112">What might be the result if you fail to enable the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-112">What might be the result if you fail to enable the best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-113">Possible alternatives to the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-113">Possible alternatives to the best practice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-114">How you can learn to enable the best practice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-114">How you can learn to enable the best practice</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-115">This Azure Network Security Best Practices article is based on a consensus opinion, and Azure platform capabilities and feature sets, as they exist at the time this article was written.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-115">This Azure Network Security Best Practices article is based on a consensus opinion, and Azure platform capabilities and feature sets, as they exist at the time this article was written.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-116">Opinions and technologies change over time and this article will be updated on a regular basis to reflect those changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-116">Opinions and technologies change over time and this article will be updated on a regular basis to reflect those changes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-117">Azure Network security best practices discussed in this article include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-117">Azure Network security best practices discussed in this article include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-118">Logically segment subnets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-118">Logically segment subnets</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-119">Control routing behavior</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-119">Control routing behavior</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-120">Enable Forced Tunneling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-120">Enable Forced Tunneling</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-121">Use Virtual network appliances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-121">Use Virtual network appliances</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-122">Deploy DMZs for security zoning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-122">Deploy DMZs for security zoning</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-123">Avoid exposure to the Internet with dedicated WAN links</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-123">Avoid exposure to the Internet with dedicated WAN links</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-124">Optimize uptime and performance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-124">Optimize uptime and performance</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-125">Use global load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-125">Use global load balancing</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-126">Disable RDP Access to Azure Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-126">Disable RDP Access to Azure Virtual Machines</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-127">Enable Azure Security Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-127">Enable Azure Security Center</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-128">Extend your datacenter into Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-128">Extend your datacenter into Azure</span></span>

## <a name="logically-segment-subnets"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-129">Logically segment subnets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-129">Logically segment subnets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-130">[Azure Virtual Networks](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/virtual-network/) are similar to a LAN on your on-premises network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-130">[Azure Virtual Networks](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/virtual-network/) are similar to a LAN on your on-premises network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-131">The idea behind an Azure Virtual Network is that you create a single private IP address space-based network on which you can place all your [Azure Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-131">The idea behind an Azure Virtual Network is that you create a single private IP address space-based network on which you can place all your [Azure Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-132">The private IP address spaces available are in the Class A (10.0.0.0/8), Class B (172.16.0.0/12) and Class C (192.168.0.0/16) ranges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-132">The private IP address spaces available are in the Class A (10.0.0.0/8), Class B (172.16.0.0/12) and Class C (192.168.0.0/16) ranges.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-133">Similar to what you do on-premises, you’ll want to segment the larger address space into subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-133">Similar to what you do on-premises, you’ll want to segment the larger address space into subnets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-134">You can use [CIDR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing) based subnetting principles to create your subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-134">You can use [CIDR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing) based subnetting principles to create your subnets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-135">Routing between subnets will happen automatically and you do not need to manually configure routing tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-135">Routing between subnets will happen automatically and you do not need to manually configure routing tables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-136">However, the default setting is that there are no network access controls between the subnets you create on the Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-136">However, the default setting is that there are no network access controls between the subnets you create on the Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-137">In order to create network access controls between subnets, you’ll need to put something between the subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-137">In order to create network access controls between subnets, you’ll need to put something between the subnets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-138">One of the things you can use to accomplish this task is a [Network Security Group](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md) (NSG).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-138">One of the things you can use to accomplish this task is a [Network Security Group](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md) (NSG).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-139">NSGs are simple stateful packet inspection devices that use the 5-tuple (the source IP, source port, destination IP, destination port, and layer 4 protocol) approach to create allow/deny rules for network traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-139">NSGs are simple stateful packet inspection devices that use the 5-tuple (the source IP, source port, destination IP, destination port, and layer 4 protocol) approach to create allow/deny rules for network traffic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-140">You can allow or deny traffic to and from single IP address, to and from multiple IP addresses or even to and from entire subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-140">You can allow or deny traffic to and from single IP address, to and from multiple IP addresses or even to and from entire subnets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-141">Using NSGs for network access control between subnets enables you to put resources that belong to the same security zone or role in their own subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-141">Using NSGs for network access control between subnets enables you to put resources that belong to the same security zone or role in their own subnets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-142">For example, think of a simple 3-tier application that has a web tier, an application logic tier and a database tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-142">For example, think of a simple 3-tier application that has a web tier, an application logic tier and a database tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-143">You put virtual machines that belong to each of these tiers into their own subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-143">You put virtual machines that belong to each of these tiers into their own subnets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-144">Then you use NSGs to control traffic between the subnets:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-144">Then you use NSGs to control traffic between the subnets:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-145">Web tier virtual machines can only initiate connections to the application logic machines and can only accept connections from the Internet</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-145">Web tier virtual machines can only initiate connections to the application logic machines and can only accept connections from the Internet</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-146">Application logic virtual machines can only initiate connections with database tier and can only accept connections from the web tier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-146">Application logic virtual machines can only initiate connections with database tier and can only accept connections from the web tier</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-147">Database tier virtual machines cannot initiate connection with anything outside of their own subnet and can only accept connections from the application logic tier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-147">Database tier virtual machines cannot initiate connection with anything outside of their own subnet and can only accept connections from the application logic tier</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-148">To learn more about Network Security Groups and how you can use them to logically segment your Azure Virtual Networks, please read the article [What is a Network Security Group](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md) (NSG).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-148">To learn more about Network Security Groups and how you can use them to logically segment your Azure Virtual Networks, please read the article [What is a Network Security Group](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md) (NSG).</span></span>

## <a name="control-routing-behavior"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-149">Control routing behavior</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-149">Control routing behavior</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-150">When you put a virtual machine on an Azure Virtual Network, you’ll notice that the virtual machine can connect to any other virtual machine on the same Azure Virtual Network, even if the other virtual machines are on different subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-150">When you put a virtual machine on an Azure Virtual Network, you’ll notice that the virtual machine can connect to any other virtual machine on the same Azure Virtual Network, even if the other virtual machines are on different subnets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-151">The reason why this is possible is that there is a collection of system routes that are enabled by default that allow this type of communication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-151">The reason why this is possible is that there is a collection of system routes that are enabled by default that allow this type of communication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-152">These default routes allow virtual machines on the same Azure Virtual Network to initiate connections with each other, and with the Internet (for outbound communications to the Internet only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-152">These default routes allow virtual machines on the same Azure Virtual Network to initiate connections with each other, and with the Internet (for outbound communications to the Internet only).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-153">While the default system routes are useful for many deployment scenarios, there are times when you want to customize the routing configuration for your deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-153">While the default system routes are useful for many deployment scenarios, there are times when you want to customize the routing configuration for your deployments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-154">These customizations will allow you to configure the next hop address to reach specific destinations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-154">These customizations will allow you to configure the next hop address to reach specific destinations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-155">We recommend that you configure User Defined Routes when you deploy a virtual network security appliance, which we’ll talk about in a later best practice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-155">We recommend that you configure User Defined Routes when you deploy a virtual network security appliance, which we’ll talk about in a later best practice.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-156">user Defined Routes are not required and the default system routes will work in most instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-156">user Defined Routes are not required and the default system routes will work in most instances.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-157">You can learn more about User Defined Routes and how to configure them by reading the article [What are User Defined Routes and IP Forwarding](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-udr-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-157">You can learn more about User Defined Routes and how to configure them by reading the article [What are User Defined Routes and IP Forwarding](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-udr-overview.md).</span></span>

## <a name="enable-forced-tunneling"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-158">Enable Forced Tunneling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-158">Enable Forced Tunneling</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-159">To better understand forced tunneling, it’s useful to understand what “split tunneling” is.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-159">To better understand forced tunneling, it’s useful to understand what “split tunneling” is.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-160">The most common example of split tunneling is seen with VPN connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-160">The most common example of split tunneling is seen with VPN connections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-161">Imagine that you establish a VPN connection from your hotel room to your corporate network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-161">Imagine that you establish a VPN connection from your hotel room to your corporate network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-162">This connection allows you to connect to resources on your corporate network and all communications to resources on your corporate network go through the VPN tunnel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-162">This connection allows you to connect to resources on your corporate network and all communications to resources on your corporate network go through the VPN tunnel.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-163">What happens when you want to connect to resources on the Internet?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-163">What happens when you want to connect to resources on the Internet?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-164">When split tunneling is enabled, those connections go directly to the Internet and not through the VPN tunnel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-164">When split tunneling is enabled, those connections go directly to the Internet and not through the VPN tunnel.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-165">Some security experts consider this to be a potential risk and therefore recommend that split tunneling be disabled and all connections, those destined for the Internet and those destined for corporate resources, go through the VPN tunnel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-165">Some security experts consider this to be a potential risk and therefore recommend that split tunneling be disabled and all connections, those destined for the Internet and those destined for corporate resources, go through the VPN tunnel.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-166">The advantage of doing this is that connections to the Internet are then forced through the corporate network security devices, which wouldn’t be the case if the VPN client connected to the Internet outside of the VPN tunnel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-166">The advantage of doing this is that connections to the Internet are then forced through the corporate network security devices, which wouldn’t be the case if the VPN client connected to the Internet outside of the VPN tunnel.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-167">Now let’s bring this back to virtual machines on an Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-167">Now let’s bring this back to virtual machines on an Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-168">The default routes for an Azure Virtual Network allow virtual machines to initiate traffic to the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-168">The default routes for an Azure Virtual Network allow virtual machines to initiate traffic to the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-169">This too can represent a security risk, as these outbound connections could increase the attack surface of a virtual machine and be leveraged by attackers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-169">This too can represent a security risk, as these outbound connections could increase the attack surface of a virtual machine and be leveraged by attackers.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-170">For this reason, we recommend that you enable forced tunneling on your virtual machines when you have cross-premises connectivity between your Azure Virtual Network and your on-premises network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-170">For this reason, we recommend that you enable forced tunneling on your virtual machines when you have cross-premises connectivity between your Azure Virtual Network and your on-premises network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-171">We will talk about cross premises connectivity later in this Azure networking best practices document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-171">We will talk about cross premises connectivity later in this Azure networking best practices document.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-172">If you do not have a cross premises connection, make sure you take advantage of Network Security Groups (discussed earlier) or Azure virtual network security appliances (discussed next) to prevent outbound connections to the Internet from your Azure Virtual Machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-172">If you do not have a cross premises connection, make sure you take advantage of Network Security Groups (discussed earlier) or Azure virtual network security appliances (discussed next) to prevent outbound connections to the Internet from your Azure Virtual Machines.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-173">To learn more about forced tunneling and how to enable it, please read the article [Configure Forced Tunneling using PowerShell and Azure Resource Manager](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-forced-tunneling-rm.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-173">To learn more about forced tunneling and how to enable it, please read the article [Configure Forced Tunneling using PowerShell and Azure Resource Manager](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-forced-tunneling-rm.md).</span></span>

## <a name="use-virtual-network-appliances"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-174">Use virtual network appliances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-174">Use virtual network appliances</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-175">While Network Security Groups and User Defined Routing can provide a certain measure of network security at the network and transport layers of the [OSI model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSI_model), there are going to be situations where you’ll want or need to enable security at high levels of the stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-175">While Network Security Groups and User Defined Routing can provide a certain measure of network security at the network and transport layers of the [OSI model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSI_model), there are going to be situations where you’ll want or need to enable security at high levels of the stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-176">In such situations, we recommend that you deploy virtual network security appliances provided by Azure partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-176">In such situations, we recommend that you deploy virtual network security appliances provided by Azure partners.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-177">Azure network security appliances can deliver significantly enhanced levels of security over what is provided by network level controls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-177">Azure network security appliances can deliver significantly enhanced levels of security over what is provided by network level controls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-178">Some of the network security capabilities provided by virtual network security appliances include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-178">Some of the network security capabilities provided by virtual network security appliances include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-179">Firewalling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-179">Firewalling</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-180">Intrusion detection/Intrusion Prevention</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-180">Intrusion detection/Intrusion Prevention</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-181">Vulnerability management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-181">Vulnerability management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-182">Application control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-182">Application control</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-183">Network-based anomaly detection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-183">Network-based anomaly detection</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-184">Web filtering</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-184">Web filtering</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-185">Antivirus</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-185">Antivirus</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-186">Botnet protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-186">Botnet protection</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-187">If you require a higher level of network security than you can obtain with network level access controls, then we recommend that you investigate and deploy Azure virtual network security appliances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-187">If you require a higher level of network security than you can obtain with network level access controls, then we recommend that you investigate and deploy Azure virtual network security appliances.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-188">To learn about what Azure virtual network security appliances are available, and about their capabilities, please visit the [Azure Marketplace](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/) and search for “security” and “network security”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-188">To learn about what Azure virtual network security appliances are available, and about their capabilities, please visit the [Azure Marketplace](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/) and search for “security” and “network security”.</span></span>

## <a name="deploy-dmzs-for-security-zoning"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-189">Deploy DMZs for security zoning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-189">Deploy DMZs for security zoning</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-190">A DMZ or “perimeter network” is a physical or logical network segment that is designed to provide an additional layer of security between your assets and the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-190">A DMZ or “perimeter network” is a physical or logical network segment that is designed to provide an additional layer of security between your assets and the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-191">The intent of the DMZ is to place specialized network access control devices on the edge of the DMZ network so that only desired traffic is allowed past the network security device and into your Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-191">The intent of the DMZ is to place specialized network access control devices on the edge of the DMZ network so that only desired traffic is allowed past the network security device and into your Azure Virtual Network.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-192">DMZs are useful because you can focus your network access control management, monitoring, logging and reporting on the devices at the edge of your Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-192">DMZs are useful because you can focus your network access control management, monitoring, logging and reporting on the devices at the edge of your Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-193">Here you would typically enable DDoS prevention, Intrusion Detection/Intrusion Prevention systems (IDS/IPS), firewall rules and policies, web filtering, network antimalware and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-193">Here you would typically enable DDoS prevention, Intrusion Detection/Intrusion Prevention systems (IDS/IPS), firewall rules and policies, web filtering, network antimalware and more.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-194">The network security devices sit between the Internet and your Azure Virtual Network and have an interface on both networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-194">The network security devices sit between the Internet and your Azure Virtual Network and have an interface on both networks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-195">While this is the basic design of a DMZ, there are many different DMZ designs, such as back-to-back, tri-homed, multi-homed, and others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-195">While this is the basic design of a DMZ, there are many different DMZ designs, such as back-to-back, tri-homed, multi-homed, and others.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-196">We recommend for all high security deployments that you consider deploying a DMZ to enhance the level of network security for your Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-196">We recommend for all high security deployments that you consider deploying a DMZ to enhance the level of network security for your Azure resources.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-197">To learn more about DMZs and how to deploy them in Azure, please read the article [Microsoft Cloud Services and Network Security](../best-practices-network-security.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-197">To learn more about DMZs and how to deploy them in Azure, please read the article [Microsoft Cloud Services and Network Security](../best-practices-network-security.md).</span></span>

## <a name="avoid-exposure-to-the-internet-with-dedicated-wan-links"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-198">Avoid exposure to the Internet with dedicated WAN links</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-198">Avoid exposure to the Internet with dedicated WAN links</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-199">Many organizations have chosen the Hybrid IT route.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-199">Many organizations have chosen the Hybrid IT route.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-200">In hybrid IT, some of the company’s information assets are in Azure, while others remain on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-200">In hybrid IT, some of the company’s information assets are in Azure, while others remain on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-201">In many cases some components of a service will be running in Azure while other components remain on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-201">In many cases some components of a service will be running in Azure while other components remain on-premises.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-202">In the hybrid IT scenario, there is usually some type of cross-premises connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-202">In the hybrid IT scenario, there is usually some type of cross-premises connectivity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-203">This cross-premises connectivity allows the company to connect their on-premises networks to Azure Virtual Networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-203">This cross-premises connectivity allows the company to connect their on-premises networks to Azure Virtual Networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-204">There are two cross-premises connectivity solutions available:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-204">There are two cross-premises connectivity solutions available:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-205">Site-to-site VPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-205">Site-to-site VPN</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-206">ExpressRoute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-206">ExpressRoute</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-207">[Site-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-site-to-site-create.md) represents a virtual private connection between your on-premises network and an Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-207">[Site-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-site-to-site-create.md) represents a virtual private connection between your on-premises network and an Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-208">This connection takes place over the Internet and allows you to “tunnel” information inside an encrypted link between your network and Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-208">This connection takes place over the Internet and allows you to “tunnel” information inside an encrypted link between your network and Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-209">Site-to-site VPN is a secure, mature technology that has been deployed by enterprises of all sizes for decades.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-209">Site-to-site VPN is a secure, mature technology that has been deployed by enterprises of all sizes for decades.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-210">Tunnel encryption is performed using [IPsec tunnel mode](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc786385.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-210">Tunnel encryption is performed using [IPsec tunnel mode](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc786385.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-211">While site-to-site VPN is a trusted, reliable, and established technology, traffic within the tunnel does traverse the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-211">While site-to-site VPN is a trusted, reliable, and established technology, traffic within the tunnel does traverse the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-212">In addition, bandwidth is relatively constrained to a maximum of about 200Mbps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-212">In addition, bandwidth is relatively constrained to a maximum of about 200Mbps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-213">If you require an exceptional level of security or performance for your cross-premises connections, we recommend that you use Azure ExpressRoute for your cross-premises connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-213">If you require an exceptional level of security or performance for your cross-premises connections, we recommend that you use Azure ExpressRoute for your cross-premises connectivity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-214">ExpressRoute is a dedicated WAN link between your on-premises location or an Exchange hosting provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-214">ExpressRoute is a dedicated WAN link between your on-premises location or an Exchange hosting provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-215">Because this is a telco connection, your data doesn’t travel over the Internet and therefore is not exposed to the potential risks inherent in Internet communications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-215">Because this is a telco connection, your data doesn’t travel over the Internet and therefore is not exposed to the potential risks inherent in Internet communications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-216">To learn more about how Azure ExpressRoute works and how to deploy, please read the article [ExpressRoute Technical Overview](../expressroute/expressroute-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-216">To learn more about how Azure ExpressRoute works and how to deploy, please read the article [ExpressRoute Technical Overview](../expressroute/expressroute-introduction.md).</span></span>

## <a name="optimize-uptime-and-performance"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-217">Optimize uptime and performance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-217">Optimize uptime and performance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-218">Confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA) comprise the triad of today’s most influential security model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-218">Confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA) comprise the triad of today’s most influential security model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-219">Confidentiality is about encryption and privacy, integrity is about making sure that data is not changed by unauthorized personnel, and availability is about making sure that authorized individuals are able to access the information they are authorized to access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-219">Confidentiality is about encryption and privacy, integrity is about making sure that data is not changed by unauthorized personnel, and availability is about making sure that authorized individuals are able to access the information they are authorized to access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-220">Failure in any one of these areas represents a potential breach in security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-220">Failure in any one of these areas represents a potential breach in security.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-221">Availability can be thought of as being about uptime and performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-221">Availability can be thought of as being about uptime and performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-222">If a service is down, information can’t be accessed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-222">If a service is down, information can’t be accessed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-223">If performance is so poor as to make the data unusable, then we can consider the data to be inaccessible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-223">If performance is so poor as to make the data unusable, then we can consider the data to be inaccessible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-224">Therefore, from a security perspective, we need to do whatever we can to make sure our services have optimal uptime and performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-224">Therefore, from a security perspective, we need to do whatever we can to make sure our services have optimal uptime and performance.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-225">A popular and effective method used to enhance availability and performance is to use load balancing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-225">A popular and effective method used to enhance availability and performance is to use load balancing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-226">Load balancing is a method of distributing network traffic across servers that are part of a service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-226">Load balancing is a method of distributing network traffic across servers that are part of a service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-227">For example, if you have front-end web servers as part of your service, you can use load balancing to distribute the traffic across your multiple front-end web servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-227">For example, if you have front-end web servers as part of your service, you can use load balancing to distribute the traffic across your multiple front-end web servers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-228">This distribution of traffic increases availability because if one of the web servers becomes unavailable, the load balancer will stop sending traffic to that server and redirect traffic to the servers that are still online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-228">This distribution of traffic increases availability because if one of the web servers becomes unavailable, the load balancer will stop sending traffic to that server and redirect traffic to the servers that are still online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-229">Load balancing also helps performance, because the processor, network and memory overhead for serving requests is distributed across all the load balanced servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-229">Load balancing also helps performance, because the processor, network and memory overhead for serving requests is distributed across all the load balanced servers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-230">We recommend that you employ load balancing whenever you can, and as appropriate for your services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-230">We recommend that you employ load balancing whenever you can, and as appropriate for your services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-231">We’ll address appropriateness in the following sections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-231">We’ll address appropriateness in the following sections.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-232">At the Azure Virtual Network level, Azure provides you with three primary load balancing options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-232">At the Azure Virtual Network level, Azure provides you with three primary load balancing options:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-233">HTTP-based load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-233">HTTP-based load balancing</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-234">External load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-234">External load balancing</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-235">Internal load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-235">Internal load balancing</span></span>

## <a name="http-based-load-balancing"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-236">HTTP-based Load Balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-236">HTTP-based Load Balancing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-237">HTTP-based load balancing bases decisions about what server to send connections using characteristics of the HTTP protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-237">HTTP-based load balancing bases decisions about what server to send connections using characteristics of the HTTP protocol.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-238">Azure has an HTTP load balancer that goes by the name of Application Gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-238">Azure has an HTTP load balancer that goes by the name of Application Gateway.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-239">We recommend that you us Azure Application Gateway when:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-239">We recommend that you us Azure Application Gateway when:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-240">Applications that require requests from the same user/client session to reach the same back-end virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-240">Applications that require requests from the same user/client session to reach the same back-end virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-241">Examples of this would be shopping cart apps and web mail servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-241">Examples of this would be shopping cart apps and web mail servers.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-242">Applications that want to free web server farms from SSL termination overhead by taking advantage of Application Gateway’s [SSL offload](https://f5.com/glossary/ssl-offloading) feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-242">Applications that want to free web server farms from SSL termination overhead by taking advantage of Application Gateway’s [SSL offload](https://f5.com/glossary/ssl-offloading) feature.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-243">Applications, such as a content delivery network, that require multiple HTTP requests on the same long-running TCP connection to be routed or load balanced to different back-end servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-243">Applications, such as a content delivery network, that require multiple HTTP requests on the same long-running TCP connection to be routed or load balanced to different back-end servers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-244">To learn more about how Azure Application Gateway works and how you can use it in your deployments, please read the article [Application Gateway Overview](../application-gateway/application-gateway-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-244">To learn more about how Azure Application Gateway works and how you can use it in your deployments, please read the article [Application Gateway Overview](../application-gateway/application-gateway-introduction.md).</span></span>

## <a name="external-load-balancing"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-245">External Load Balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-245">External Load Balancing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-246">External load balancing takes place when incoming connections from the Internet are load balanced among your servers located in an Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-246">External load balancing takes place when incoming connections from the Internet are load balanced among your servers located in an Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-247">The Azure External Load balancer can provide you this capability and we recommend that you use it when you don’t require the sticky sessions or SSL offload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-247">The Azure External Load balancer can provide you this capability and we recommend that you use it when you don’t require the sticky sessions or SSL offload.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-248">In contrast to HTTP-based load balancing, the External Load Balancer uses information at the network and transport layers of the OSI networking model to make decisions on what server to load balance connection to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-248">In contrast to HTTP-based load balancing, the External Load Balancer uses information at the network and transport layers of the OSI networking model to make decisions on what server to load balance connection to.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-249">We recommend that you use External Load Balancing whenever you have [stateless applications](http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/stateless-app) accepting incoming requests from the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-249">We recommend that you use External Load Balancing whenever you have [stateless applications](http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/stateless-app) accepting incoming requests from the Internet.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-250">To learn more about how the Azure External Load Balancer works and how you can deploy it, please read the article [Get Started Creating an Internet Facing Load Balancer in Resource Manager using PowerShell](../load-balancer/load-balancer-get-started-internet-arm-ps.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-250">To learn more about how the Azure External Load Balancer works and how you can deploy it, please read the article [Get Started Creating an Internet Facing Load Balancer in Resource Manager using PowerShell](../load-balancer/load-balancer-get-started-internet-arm-ps.md).</span></span>

## <a name="internal-load-balancing"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-251">Internal Load Balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-251">Internal Load Balancing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-252">Internal load balancing is similar to external load balancing and uses the same mechanism to load balance connections to the servers behind them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-252">Internal load balancing is similar to external load balancing and uses the same mechanism to load balance connections to the servers behind them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-253">The only difference is that the load balancer in this case is accepting connections from virtual machines that are not on the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-253">The only difference is that the load balancer in this case is accepting connections from virtual machines that are not on the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-254">In most cases, the connections that are accepted for load balancing are initiated by devices on an Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-254">In most cases, the connections that are accepted for load balancing are initiated by devices on an Azure Virtual Network.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-255">We recommend that you use internal load balancing for scenarios that will benefit from this capability, such as when you need to load balance connections to SQL Servers or internal web servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-255">We recommend that you use internal load balancing for scenarios that will benefit from this capability, such as when you need to load balance connections to SQL Servers or internal web servers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-256">To learn more about how Azure Internal Load Balancing works and how you can deploy it, please read the article [Get Started Creating an Internal Load Balancer using PowerShell](../load-balancer/load-balancer-get-started-internet-arm-ps.md#update-an-existing-load-balancer).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-256">To learn more about how Azure Internal Load Balancing works and how you can deploy it, please read the article [Get Started Creating an Internal Load Balancer using PowerShell](../load-balancer/load-balancer-get-started-internet-arm-ps.md#update-an-existing-load-balancer).</span></span>

## <a name="use-global-load-balancing"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-257">Use global load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-257">Use global load balancing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-258">Public cloud computing makes it possible to deploy globally distributed applications that have components located in datacenters all over the world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-258">Public cloud computing makes it possible to deploy globally distributed applications that have components located in datacenters all over the world.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-259">This is possible on Microsoft Azure due to Azure’s global datacenter presence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-259">This is possible on Microsoft Azure due to Azure’s global datacenter presence.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-260">In contrast to the load balancing technologies mentioned earlier, global load balancing makes it possible to make services available even when entire datacenters might become unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-260">In contrast to the load balancing technologies mentioned earlier, global load balancing makes it possible to make services available even when entire datacenters might become unavailable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-261">You can get this type of global load balancing in Azure by taking advantage of [Azure Traffic Manager](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/traffic-manager/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-261">You can get this type of global load balancing in Azure by taking advantage of [Azure Traffic Manager](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/traffic-manager/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-262">Traffic Manager makes is possible to load balance connections to your services based on the location of the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-262">Traffic Manager makes is possible to load balance connections to your services based on the location of the user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-263">For example, if the user is making a request to your service from the EU, the connection is directed to your services located in an EU datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-263">For example, if the user is making a request to your service from the EU, the connection is directed to your services located in an EU datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-264">This part of Traffic Manager global load balancing helps to improve performance because connecting to the nearest datacenter is faster than connecting to datacenters that are far away.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-264">This part of Traffic Manager global load balancing helps to improve performance because connecting to the nearest datacenter is faster than connecting to datacenters that are far away.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-265">On the availability side, global load balancing makes sure that your service is available even if an entire datacenter should become unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-265">On the availability side, global load balancing makes sure that your service is available even if an entire datacenter should become unavailable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-266">For example, if an Azure datacenter should become unavailable due to environmental reasons or due to outages (such as regional network failures), connections to your service would be rerouted to the nearest online datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-266">For example, if an Azure datacenter should become unavailable due to environmental reasons or due to outages (such as regional network failures), connections to your service would be rerouted to the nearest online datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-267">This global load balancing is accomplished by taking advantage of DNS policies that you can create in Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-267">This global load balancing is accomplished by taking advantage of DNS policies that you can create in Traffic Manager.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-268">We recommend that you use Traffic Manager for any cloud solution you develop that has a widely distributed scope across multiple regions and requires the highest level of uptime possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-268">We recommend that you use Traffic Manager for any cloud solution you develop that has a widely distributed scope across multiple regions and requires the highest level of uptime possible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-269">To learn more about Azure Traffic Manager and how to deploy it, please read the article [What is Traffic Manager](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-269">To learn more about Azure Traffic Manager and how to deploy it, please read the article [What is Traffic Manager](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span></span>

## <a name="disable-rdpssh-access-to-azure-virtual-machines"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-270">Disable RDP/SSH Access to Azure Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-270">Disable RDP/SSH Access to Azure Virtual Machines</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-271">It is possible to reach Azure Virtual Machines using the [Remote Desktop Protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_Desktop_Protocol) (RDP)and the [Secure Shell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell) (SSH) protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-271">It is possible to reach Azure Virtual Machines using the [Remote Desktop Protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_Desktop_Protocol) (RDP)and the [Secure Shell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell) (SSH) protocols.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-272">These protocols make it possible to manage virtual machines from remote locations and are standard in datacenter computing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-272">These protocols make it possible to manage virtual machines from remote locations and are standard in datacenter computing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-273">The potential security problem with using these protocols over the Internet is that attackers can use various [brute force](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brute-force_attack) techniques to gain access to Azure Virtual Machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-273">The potential security problem with using these protocols over the Internet is that attackers can use various [brute force](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brute-force_attack) techniques to gain access to Azure Virtual Machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-274">Once the attackers gain access, they can use your virtual machine as a launch point for compromising other machines on your Azure Virtual Network or even attack networked devices outside of Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-274">Once the attackers gain access, they can use your virtual machine as a launch point for compromising other machines on your Azure Virtual Network or even attack networked devices outside of Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-275">Because of this, we recommend that you disable direct RDP and SSH access to your Azure Virtual Machines from the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-275">Because of this, we recommend that you disable direct RDP and SSH access to your Azure Virtual Machines from the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-276">After direct RDP and SSH access from the Internet is disabled, you have other options you can use to access these virtual machines for remote management:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-276">After direct RDP and SSH access from the Internet is disabled, you have other options you can use to access these virtual machines for remote management:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-277">Point-to-site VPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-277">Point-to-site VPN</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-278">Site-to-site VPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-278">Site-to-site VPN</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-279">ExpressRoute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-279">ExpressRoute</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-280">[Point-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-point-to-site-create.md) is another term for a remote access VPN client/server connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-280">[Point-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-point-to-site-create.md) is another term for a remote access VPN client/server connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-281">A point-to-site VPN enables a single user to connect to an Azure Virtual Network over the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-281">A point-to-site VPN enables a single user to connect to an Azure Virtual Network over the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-282">After the point-to-site connection is established, the user will be able to use RDP or SSH to connect to any virtual machines located on the Azure Virtual Network that the user connected to via point-to-site VPN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-282">After the point-to-site connection is established, the user will be able to use RDP or SSH to connect to any virtual machines located on the Azure Virtual Network that the user connected to via point-to-site VPN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-283">This assumes that the user is authorized to reach those virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-283">This assumes that the user is authorized to reach those virtual machines.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-284">Point-to-site VPN is more secure than direct RDP or SSH connections because the user has to authenticate twice before connecting to a virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-284">Point-to-site VPN is more secure than direct RDP or SSH connections because the user has to authenticate twice before connecting to a virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-285">First, the user needs to authenticate (and be authorized) to establish the point-to-site VPN connection; second, the user needs to authenticate (and be authorized) to establish the RDP or SSH session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-285">First, the user needs to authenticate (and be authorized) to establish the point-to-site VPN connection; second, the user needs to authenticate (and be authorized) to establish the RDP or SSH session.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-286">A [site-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-site-to-site-create.md) connects an entire network to another network over the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-286">A [site-to-site VPN](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-site-to-site-create.md) connects an entire network to another network over the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-287">You can use a site-to-site VPN to connect your on-premises network to an Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-287">You can use a site-to-site VPN to connect your on-premises network to an Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-288">If you deploy a site-to-site VPN, users on your on-premises network will be able to connect to virtual machines on your Azure Virtual Network by using the RDP or SSH protocol over the site-to-site VPN connection and does not require you to allow direct RDP or SSH access over the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-288">If you deploy a site-to-site VPN, users on your on-premises network will be able to connect to virtual machines on your Azure Virtual Network by using the RDP or SSH protocol over the site-to-site VPN connection and does not require you to allow direct RDP or SSH access over the Internet.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-289">You can also use a dedicated WAN link to provide functionality similar to the site-to-site VPN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-289">You can also use a dedicated WAN link to provide functionality similar to the site-to-site VPN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-290">The main differences are 1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-290">The main differences are 1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-291">the dedicated WAN link doesn’t traverse the Internet, and 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-291">the dedicated WAN link doesn’t traverse the Internet, and 2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-292">dedicated WAN links are typically more stable and performant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-292">dedicated WAN links are typically more stable and performant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-293">Azure provides you a dedicated WAN link solution in the form of [ExpressRoute](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/expressroute/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-293">Azure provides you a dedicated WAN link solution in the form of [ExpressRoute](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/expressroute/).</span></span>

## <a name="enable-azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-294">Enable Azure Security Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-294">Enable Azure Security Center</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-295">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats, and provides you increased visibility into, and control over, the security of your Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-295">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats, and provides you increased visibility into, and control over, the security of your Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-296">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-296">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-297">Azure Security Center helps you optimize and monitor network security by:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-297">Azure Security Center helps you optimize and monitor network security by:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-298">Providing network security recommendations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-298">Providing network security recommendations</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-299">Monitoring the state of your network security configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-299">Monitoring the state of your network security configuration</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="967f9-300">Alerting you to network based threats both at the endpoint and network levels</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-300">Alerting you to network based threats both at the endpoint and network levels</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-301">We highly recommend that you enable Azure Security Center for all of your Azure deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-301">We highly recommend that you enable Azure Security Center for all of your Azure deployments.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-302">To learn more about Azure Security Center and how to enable it for your deployments, please read the article [Introduction to Azure Security Center](../security-center/security-center-intro.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-302">To learn more about Azure Security Center and how to enable it for your deployments, please read the article [Introduction to Azure Security Center](../security-center/security-center-intro.md).</span></span>

## <a name="securely-extend-your-datacenter-into-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="967f9-303">Securely extend your datacenter into Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-303">Securely extend your datacenter into Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="967f9-304">Many enterprise IT organizations are looking to expand into the cloud instead of growing their on-premises datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-304">Many enterprise IT organizations are looking to expand into the cloud instead of growing their on-premises datacenters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-305">This expansion represents an extension of existing IT infrastructure into the public cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-305">This expansion represents an extension of existing IT infrastructure into the public cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-306">By taking advantage of cross-premises connectivity options it’s possible to treat your Azure Virtual Networks as just another subnet on your on-premises network infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-306">By taking advantage of cross-premises connectivity options it’s possible to treat your Azure Virtual Networks as just another subnet on your on-premises network infrastructure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-307">However, there is a lot of planning and design issues that need to be addressed first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-307">However, there is a lot of planning and design issues that need to be addressed first.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-308">This is especially important in the area of network security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-308">This is especially important in the area of network security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-309">One of the best ways to understand how you approach such a design is to see an example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-309">One of the best ways to understand how you approach such a design is to see an example.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-310">Microsoft has created the [Datacenter Extension Reference Architecture Diagram](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Datacenter-extension-687b1d84#content) and supporting collateral to help you understand what such a datacenter extension would look like.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-310">Microsoft has created the [Datacenter Extension Reference Architecture Diagram](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Datacenter-extension-687b1d84#content) and supporting collateral to help you understand what such a datacenter extension would look like.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-311">This provides an example reference implementation that you can use to plan and design a secure enterprise datacenter extension to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-311">This provides an example reference implementation that you can use to plan and design a secure enterprise datacenter extension to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="967f9-312">We recommend that you review this document to get an idea of the key components of a secure solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-312">We recommend that you review this document to get an idea of the key components of a secure solution.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="967f9-313">To learn more about how to securely extend your datacenter into Azure, please view the video [Extending Your Datacenter to Microsoft Azure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Th1oQQCb2KA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="967f9-313">To learn more about how to securely extend your datacenter into Azure, please view the video [Extending Your Datacenter to Microsoft Azure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Th1oQQCb2KA).</span></span>
