---
title: Network security concepts and requirements in Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides basic explanations about core network security concepts and requirements, and information on what Azure offers in each of these areas.
services: security
documentationcenter: na
author: TomShinder
manager: MBaldwin
editor: TomSh
ms.assetid: bedf411a-0781-47b9-9742-d524cf3dbfc1
ms.service: security
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 08/17/2018
ms.author: terrylan
ms.openlocfilehash: ec8e4b1edfe815670664de83edf98a9e478101d2
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44812057"
---
# <a name="azure-network-security-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-103">Azure network security overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-103">Azure network security overview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-104">Azure includes a robust networking infrastructure to support your application and service connectivity requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-104">Azure includes a robust networking infrastructure to support your application and service connectivity requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-105">Network connectivity is possible between resources located in Azure, between on-premises and Azure hosted resources, and to and from the internet and Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-105">Network connectivity is possible between resources located in Azure, between on-premises and Azure hosted resources, and to and from the internet and Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-106">This article covers some of the options that Azure offers in the area of network security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-106">This article covers some of the options that Azure offers in the area of network security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-107">You can learn about:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-107">You can learn about:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-108">Azure networking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-108">Azure networking</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-109">Network access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-109">Network access control</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-110">Secure remote access and cross-premises connectivity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-110">Secure remote access and cross-premises connectivity</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-111">Availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-111">Availability</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-112">Name resolution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-112">Name resolution</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-113">Perimeter network (DMZ) architecture</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-113">Perimeter network (DMZ) architecture</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-114">Monitoring and threat detection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-114">Monitoring and threat detection</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-115">Azure DDoS protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-115">Azure DDoS protection</span></span>

## <a name="azure-networking"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-116">Azure networking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-116">Azure networking</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-117">Azure requires virtual machines to be connected to an Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-117">Azure requires virtual machines to be connected to an Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-118">A virtual network is a logical construct built on top of the physical Azure network fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-118">A virtual network is a logical construct built on top of the physical Azure network fabric.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-119">Each virtual network is isolated from all other virtual networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-119">Each virtual network is isolated from all other virtual networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-120">This helps ensure that network traffic in your deployments is not accessible to other Azure customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-120">This helps ensure that network traffic in your deployments is not accessible to other Azure customers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-121">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-121">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-122">Virtual network overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-122">Virtual network overview</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview.md)

## <a name="network-access-control"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-123">Network access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-123">Network access control</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-124">Network access control is the act of limiting connectivity to and from specific devices or subnets within a virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-124">Network access control is the act of limiting connectivity to and from specific devices or subnets within a virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-125">The goal of network access control is to limit access to your virtual machines and services to approved users and devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-125">The goal of network access control is to limit access to your virtual machines and services to approved users and devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-126">Access controls are based on decisions to allow or deny connections to and from your virtual machine or service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-126">Access controls are based on decisions to allow or deny connections to and from your virtual machine or service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-127">Azure supports several types of network access control, such as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-127">Azure supports several types of network access control, such as:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-128">Network layer control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-128">Network layer control</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-129">Route control and forced tunneling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-129">Route control and forced tunneling</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-130">Virtual network security appliances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-130">Virtual network security appliances</span></span>

### <a name="network-layer-control"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-131">Network layer control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-131">Network layer control</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-132">Any secure deployment requires some measure of network access control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-132">Any secure deployment requires some measure of network access control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-133">The goal of network access control is to restrict virtual machine communication to the necessary systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-133">The goal of network access control is to restrict virtual machine communication to the necessary systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-134">Other communication attempts are blocked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-134">Other communication attempts are blocked.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
<span data-ttu-id="f9771-135">Storage Firewalls are covered in the [Azure storage security overview](security-storage-overview.md) article</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-135">Storage Firewalls are covered in the [Azure storage security overview](security-storage-overview.md) article</span></span>

#### <a name="network-security-rules-nsgs"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-136">Network security rules (NSGs)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-136">Network security rules (NSGs)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-137">If you need basic network level access control (based on IP address and the TCP or UDP protocols), you can use Network Security Groups (NSGs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-137">If you need basic network level access control (based on IP address and the TCP or UDP protocols), you can use Network Security Groups (NSGs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-138">An NSG is a basic, stateful, packet filtering firewall, and it enables you to control access based on a [5-tuple](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/28190/5-tuple).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-138">An NSG is a basic, stateful, packet filtering firewall, and it enables you to control access based on a [5-tuple](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/28190/5-tuple).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-139">NSGs include functionality to simplify management and reduce the chances of configuration mistakes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-139">NSGs include functionality to simplify management and reduce the chances of configuration mistakes:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-140">**Augmented security rules** simplify NSG rule definition and allow you to create complex rules rather than having to create multiple simple rules to achieve the same result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-140">**Augmented security rules** simplify NSG rule definition and allow you to create complex rules rather than having to create multiple simple rules to achieve the same result.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-141">**Service tags** are Microsoft created labels that represent a group of IP addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-141">**Service tags** are Microsoft created labels that represent a group of IP addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-142">They update dynamically to include IP ranges that meet the conditions that define inclusion in the label.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-142">They update dynamically to include IP ranges that meet the conditions that define inclusion in the label.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-143">For example, if you want to create a rule that applies to all Azure storage on the east region you can use Storage.EastUS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-143">For example, if you want to create a rule that applies to all Azure storage on the east region you can use Storage.EastUS</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-144">**Application security groups** allow you to deploy resources to application groups and control the access to those resources by creating rules that use those application groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-144">**Application security groups** allow you to deploy resources to application groups and control the access to those resources by creating rules that use those application groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-145">For example, if you have webservers deployed to the 'Webservers' application group you can create a rule that applies a NSG allowing 443 traffic from the Internet to all systems in the 'Webservers' application group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-145">For example, if you have webservers deployed to the 'Webservers' application group you can create a rule that applies a NSG allowing 443 traffic from the Internet to all systems in the 'Webservers' application group.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-146">NSGs do not provide application layer inspection or authenticated access controls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-146">NSGs do not provide application layer inspection or authenticated access controls.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-147">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-147">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-148">Network Security Groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-148">Network Security Groups</span></span>](../virtual-network/security-overview.md)

#### <a name="asc-just-in-time-vm-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-149">ASC just in time VM access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-149">ASC just in time VM access</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-150">[Azure security center](../security-center/security-center-just-in-time.md) can manage the NSGs on VMs and lock access to the VM until a user with the appropriate role-based access control [RBAC](../role-based-access-control/overview.md) permissions requests access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-150">[Azure security center](../security-center/security-center-just-in-time.md) can manage the NSGs on VMs and lock access to the VM until a user with the appropriate role-based access control [RBAC](../role-based-access-control/overview.md) permissions requests access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-151">When the user is successfully authorized ASC makes modifications to the NSGs to allow access to selected ports for the time specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-151">When the user is successfully authorized ASC makes modifications to the NSGs to allow access to selected ports for the time specified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-152">When the time expires the NSGs are restored to their previous secured state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-152">When the time expires the NSGs are restored to their previous secured state.</span></span>

#### <a name="service-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-153">Service endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-153">Service endpoints</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-154">Service endpoints are another way to apply control over your traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-154">Service endpoints are another way to apply control over your traffic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-155">You can limit communication with supported services to just your VNets over a direct connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-155">You can limit communication with supported services to just your VNets over a direct connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-156">Traffic from your VNet to the specified Azure service remains on the Microsoft Azure backbone network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-156">Traffic from your VNet to the specified Azure service remains on the Microsoft Azure backbone network.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-157">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-157">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-158">Service endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-158">Service endpoints</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-network-service-endpoints-overview.md#securing-azure-services-to-virtual-networks)

### <a name="route-control-and-forced-tunneling"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-159">Route control and forced tunneling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-159">Route control and forced tunneling</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-160">The ability to control routing behavior on your virtual networks is critical.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-160">The ability to control routing behavior on your virtual networks is critical.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-161">If routing is configured incorrectly, applications and services hosted on your virtual machine might connect to unauthorized devices, including systems owned and operated by potential attackers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-161">If routing is configured incorrectly, applications and services hosted on your virtual machine might connect to unauthorized devices, including systems owned and operated by potential attackers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-162">Azure networking supports the ability to customize the routing behavior for network traffic on your virtual networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-162">Azure networking supports the ability to customize the routing behavior for network traffic on your virtual networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-163">This enables you to alter the default routing table entries in your virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-163">This enables you to alter the default routing table entries in your virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-164">Control of routing behavior helps you make sure that all traffic from a certain device or group of devices enters or leaves your virtual network through a specific location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-164">Control of routing behavior helps you make sure that all traffic from a certain device or group of devices enters or leaves your virtual network through a specific location.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-165">For example, you might have a virtual network security appliance on your virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-165">For example, you might have a virtual network security appliance on your virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-166">You want to make sure that all traffic to and from your virtual network goes through that virtual security appliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-166">You want to make sure that all traffic to and from your virtual network goes through that virtual security appliance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-167">You can do this by configuring [User Defined Routes](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-udr-overview.md) (UDRs) in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-167">You can do this by configuring [User Defined Routes](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-udr-overview.md) (UDRs) in Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-168">[Forced tunneling](https://www.petri.com/azure-forced-tunneling) is a mechanism you can use to ensure that your services are not allowed to initiate a connection to devices on the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-168">[Forced tunneling](https://www.petri.com/azure-forced-tunneling) is a mechanism you can use to ensure that your services are not allowed to initiate a connection to devices on the internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-169">Note that this is different from accepting incoming connections and then responding to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-169">Note that this is different from accepting incoming connections and then responding to them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-170">Front-end web servers need to respond to requests from internet hosts, and so internet-sourced traffic is allowed inbound to these web servers and the web servers are allowed to respond.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-170">Front-end web servers need to respond to requests from internet hosts, and so internet-sourced traffic is allowed inbound to these web servers and the web servers are allowed to respond.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-171">What you don’t want to allow is a front-end web server to initiate an outbound request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-171">What you don’t want to allow is a front-end web server to initiate an outbound request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-172">Such requests might represent a security risk because these connections can be used to download malware.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-172">Such requests might represent a security risk because these connections can be used to download malware.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-173">Even if you do want these front-end servers to initiate outbound requests to the internet, you might want to force them to go through your on-premises web proxies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-173">Even if you do want these front-end servers to initiate outbound requests to the internet, you might want to force them to go through your on-premises web proxies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-174">This enables you to take advantage of URL filtering and logging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-174">This enables you to take advantage of URL filtering and logging.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-175">Instead, you would want to use forced tunneling to prevent this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-175">Instead, you would want to use forced tunneling to prevent this.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-176">When you enable forced tunneling, all connections to the internet are forced through your on-premises gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-176">When you enable forced tunneling, all connections to the internet are forced through your on-premises gateway.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-177">You can configure forced tunneling by taking advantage of UDRs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-177">You can configure forced tunneling by taking advantage of UDRs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-178">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-178">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-179">What are User Defined Routes and IP Forwarding</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-179">What are User Defined Routes and IP Forwarding</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-udr-overview.md)

### <a name="virtual-network-security-appliances"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-180">Virtual network security appliances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-180">Virtual network security appliances</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-181">While NSGs, UDRs, and forced tunneling provide you a level of security at the network and transport layers of the [OSI model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSI_model), you might also want to enable security at levels higher than the network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-181">While NSGs, UDRs, and forced tunneling provide you a level of security at the network and transport layers of the [OSI model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OSI_model), you might also want to enable security at levels higher than the network.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-182">For example, your security requirements might include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-182">For example, your security requirements might include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-183">Authentication and authorization before allowing access to your application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-183">Authentication and authorization before allowing access to your application</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-184">Intrusion detection and intrusion response</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-184">Intrusion detection and intrusion response</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-185">Application layer inspection for high-level protocols</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-185">Application layer inspection for high-level protocols</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-186">URL filtering</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-186">URL filtering</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-187">Network level antivirus and Antimalware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-187">Network level antivirus and Antimalware</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-188">Anti-bot protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-188">Anti-bot protection</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-189">Application access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-189">Application access control</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-190">Additional DDoS protection (above the DDoS protection provided by the Azure fabric itself)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-190">Additional DDoS protection (above the DDoS protection provided by the Azure fabric itself)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-191">You can access these enhanced network security features by using an Azure partner solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-191">You can access these enhanced network security features by using an Azure partner solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-192">You can find the most current Azure partner network security solutions by visiting the [Azure Marketplace](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/), and searching for “security” and “network security.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-192">You can find the most current Azure partner network security solutions by visiting the [Azure Marketplace](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/), and searching for “security” and “network security.”</span></span>

## <a name="secure-remote-access-and-cross-premises-connectivity"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-193">Secure remote access and cross-premises connectivity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-193">Secure remote access and cross-premises connectivity</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-194">Setup, configuration, and management of your Azure resources needs to be done remotely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-194">Setup, configuration, and management of your Azure resources needs to be done remotely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-195">In addition, you might want to deploy [hybrid IT](http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/18120.hybrid-cloud-infrastructure-design-considerations.aspx) solutions that have components on-premises and in the Azure public cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-195">In addition, you might want to deploy [hybrid IT](http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/18120.hybrid-cloud-infrastructure-design-considerations.aspx) solutions that have components on-premises and in the Azure public cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-196">These scenarios require secure remote access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-196">These scenarios require secure remote access.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-197">Azure networking supports the following secure remote access scenarios:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-197">Azure networking supports the following secure remote access scenarios:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-198">Connect individual workstations to a virtual network</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-198">Connect individual workstations to a virtual network</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-199">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a VPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-199">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a VPN</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-200">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a dedicated WAN link</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-200">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a dedicated WAN link</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-201">Connect virtual networks to each other</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-201">Connect virtual networks to each other</span></span>

### <a name="connect-individual-workstations-to-a-virtual-network"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-202">Connect individual workstations to a virtual network</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-202">Connect individual workstations to a virtual network</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-203">You might want to enable individual developers or operations personnel to manage virtual machines and services in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-203">You might want to enable individual developers or operations personnel to manage virtual machines and services in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-204">For example, let's say you need access to a virtual machine on a virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-204">For example, let's say you need access to a virtual machine on a virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-205">But your security policy does not allow RDP or SSH remote access to individual virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-205">But your security policy does not allow RDP or SSH remote access to individual virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-206">In this case, you can use a point-to-site VPN connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-206">In this case, you can use a point-to-site VPN connection.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-207">The point-to-site VPN connection uses the [SSTP VPN](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc731352.aspx) protocol to enable you to set up a private and secure connection between the user and the virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-207">The point-to-site VPN connection uses the [SSTP VPN](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc731352.aspx) protocol to enable you to set up a private and secure connection between the user and the virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-208">When the VPN connection is established, the user can RDP or SSH over the VPN link into any virtual machine on the virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-208">When the VPN connection is established, the user can RDP or SSH over the VPN link into any virtual machine on the virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-209">(This assumes that the user can authenticate and is authorized.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-209">(This assumes that the user can authenticate and is authorized.)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-210">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-210">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-211">Configure a point-to-site connection to a virtual network using PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-211">Configure a point-to-site connection to a virtual network using PowerShell</span></span>](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-howto-point-to-site-rm-ps.md)

### <a name="connect-your-on-premises-network-to-a-virtual-network-with-a-vpn"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-212">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a VPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-212">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a VPN</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-213">You might want to connect your entire corporate network, or portions of it, to a virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-213">You might want to connect your entire corporate network, or portions of it, to a virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-214">This is common in hybrid IT scenarios, where organizations [extend their on-premises datacenter into Azure](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Datacenter-extension-687b1d84).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-214">This is common in hybrid IT scenarios, where organizations [extend their on-premises datacenter into Azure](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Datacenter-extension-687b1d84).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-215">In many cases, organizations host parts of a service in Azure, and parts on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-215">In many cases, organizations host parts of a service in Azure, and parts on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-216">For example,they might do so when a solution includes front-end web servers in Azure and back-end databases on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-216">For example,they might do so when a solution includes front-end web servers in Azure and back-end databases on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-217">These types of “cross-premises” connections also make management of Azure located resources more secure, and enable scenarios such as extending Active Directory domain controllers into Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-217">These types of “cross-premises” connections also make management of Azure located resources more secure, and enable scenarios such as extending Active Directory domain controllers into Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-218">One way to accomplish this is to use a [site-to-site VPN](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/30747/site-to-site-vpn).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-218">One way to accomplish this is to use a [site-to-site VPN](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/30747/site-to-site-vpn).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-219">The difference between a site-to-site VPN and a point-to-site VPN is that the latter connects a single device to a virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-219">The difference between a site-to-site VPN and a point-to-site VPN is that the latter connects a single device to a virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-220">A site-to-site VPN connects an entire network (such as your on-premises network) to a virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-220">A site-to-site VPN connects an entire network (such as your on-premises network) to a virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-221">Site-to-site VPNs to a virtual network use the highly secure IPsec tunnel mode VPN protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-221">Site-to-site VPNs to a virtual network use the highly secure IPsec tunnel mode VPN protocol.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-222">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-222">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-223">Create a Resource Manager VNet with a site-to-site VPN connection using the Azure portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-223">Create a Resource Manager VNet with a site-to-site VPN connection using the Azure portal</span></span>](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-howto-site-to-site-resource-manager-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-224">Planning and design for VPN gateway</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-224">Planning and design for VPN gateway</span></span>](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-plan-design.md)

### <a name="connect-your-on-premises-network-to-a-virtual-network-with-a-dedicated-wan-link"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-225">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a dedicated WAN link</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-225">Connect your on-premises network to a virtual network with a dedicated WAN link</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-226">Point-to-site and site-to-site VPN connections are effective for enabling cross-premises connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-226">Point-to-site and site-to-site VPN connections are effective for enabling cross-premises connectivity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-227">However, some organizations consider them to have the following drawbacks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-227">However, some organizations consider them to have the following drawbacks:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-228">VPN connections move data over the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-228">VPN connections move data over the internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-229">This exposes these connections to potential security issues involved with moving data over a public network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-229">This exposes these connections to potential security issues involved with moving data over a public network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-230">In addition, reliability and availability for internet connections cannot be guaranteed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-230">In addition, reliability and availability for internet connections cannot be guaranteed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-231">VPN connections to virtual networks might not have the bandwidth for some applications and purposes, as they max out at around 200 Mbps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-231">VPN connections to virtual networks might not have the bandwidth for some applications and purposes, as they max out at around 200 Mbps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-232">Organizations that need the highest level of security and availability for their cross-premises connections typically use dedicated WAN links to connect to remote sites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-232">Organizations that need the highest level of security and availability for their cross-premises connections typically use dedicated WAN links to connect to remote sites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-233">Azure provides you the ability to use a dedicated WAN link that you can use to connect your on-premises network to a virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-233">Azure provides you the ability to use a dedicated WAN link that you can use to connect your on-premises network to a virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-234">Azure ExpressRoute enables this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-234">Azure ExpressRoute enables this.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-235">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-235">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-236">ExpressRoute technical overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-236">ExpressRoute technical overview</span></span>](../expressroute/expressroute-introduction.md)

### <a name="connect-virtual-networks-to-each-other"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-237">Connect virtual networks to each other</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-237">Connect virtual networks to each other</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-238">It is possible to use many virtual networks for your deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-238">It is possible to use many virtual networks for your deployments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-239">There are various reasons why you might do this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-239">There are various reasons why you might do this.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-240">You might want to simplify management, or you might want increased security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-240">You might want to simplify management, or you might want increased security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-241">Regardless of the motivation for putting resources on different virtual networks, there might be times when you want resources on each of the networks to connect with one another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-241">Regardless of the motivation for putting resources on different virtual networks, there might be times when you want resources on each of the networks to connect with one another.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-242">One option is for services on one virtual network to connect to services on another virtual network, by “looping back” through the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-242">One option is for services on one virtual network to connect to services on another virtual network, by “looping back” through the internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-243">The connection starts on one virtual network, goes through the internet, and then comes back to the destination virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-243">The connection starts on one virtual network, goes through the internet, and then comes back to the destination virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-244">This option exposes the connection to the security issues inherent in any internet-based communication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-244">This option exposes the connection to the security issues inherent in any internet-based communication.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-245">A better option might be to create a site-to-site VPN that connects between two virtual networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-245">A better option might be to create a site-to-site VPN that connects between two virtual networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-246">This method uses the same [IPSec tunnel mode](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc786385.aspx) protocol as the cross-premises site-to-site VPN connection mentioned above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-246">This method uses the same [IPSec tunnel mode](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc786385.aspx) protocol as the cross-premises site-to-site VPN connection mentioned above.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-247">The advantage of this approach is that the VPN connection is established over the Azure network fabric, instead of connecting over the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-247">The advantage of this approach is that the VPN connection is established over the Azure network fabric, instead of connecting over the internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-248">This provides you an extra layer of security, compared to site-to-site VPNs that connect over the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-248">This provides you an extra layer of security, compared to site-to-site VPNs that connect over the internet.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-249">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-249">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-250">Configure a VNet-to-VNet Connection by using Azure Resource Manager and PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-250">Configure a VNet-to-VNet Connection by using Azure Resource Manager and PowerShell</span></span>](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-vnet-vnet-rm-ps.md)

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-251">Another way to connect your virtual networks is  [VNET peering](../virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-251">Another way to connect your virtual networks is  [VNET peering](../virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-252">This feature allows you to connect two Azure networks so that communication between them happens over the Microsoft backbone infrastructure without it ever going over the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-252">This feature allows you to connect two Azure networks so that communication between them happens over the Microsoft backbone infrastructure without it ever going over the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-253">VNET peering can connect two VNETs within the same region or two VNETs across Azure regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-253">VNET peering can connect two VNETs within the same region or two VNETs across Azure regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-254">NSGs can be used to limit connectivity between different subnets or systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-254">NSGs can be used to limit connectivity between different subnets or systems.</span></span>

## <a name="availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-255">Availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-255">Availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-256">Availability is a key component of any security program.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-256">Availability is a key component of any security program.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-257">If your users and systems can’t access what they need to access over the network, the service can be considered compromised.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-257">If your users and systems can’t access what they need to access over the network, the service can be considered compromised.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-258">Azure has networking technologies that support the following high-availability mechanisms:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-258">Azure has networking technologies that support the following high-availability mechanisms:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-259">HTTP-based load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-259">HTTP-based load balancing</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-260">Network level load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-260">Network level load balancing</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-261">Global load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-261">Global load balancing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-262">Load balancing is a mechanism designed to equally distribute connections among multiple devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-262">Load balancing is a mechanism designed to equally distribute connections among multiple devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-263">The goals of load balancing are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-263">The goals of load balancing are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-264">To increase availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-264">To increase availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-265">When you load balance connections across multiple devices, one or more of the devices can become unavailable without compromising the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-265">When you load balance connections across multiple devices, one or more of the devices can become unavailable without compromising the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-266">The services running on the remaining online devices can continue to serve the content from the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-266">The services running on the remaining online devices can continue to serve the content from the service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-267">To increase performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-267">To increase performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-268">When you load balance connections across multiple devices, a single device doesn’t have to handle all processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-268">When you load balance connections across multiple devices, a single device doesn’t have to handle all processing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-269">Instead, the processing and memory demands for serving the content is spread across multiple devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-269">Instead, the processing and memory demands for serving the content is spread across multiple devices.</span></span>

### <a name="http-based-load-balancing"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-270">HTTP-based load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-270">HTTP-based load balancing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-271">Organizations that run web-based services often desire to have an HTTP-based load balancer in front of those web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-271">Organizations that run web-based services often desire to have an HTTP-based load balancer in front of those web services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-272">This helps ensure adequate levels of performance and high availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-272">This helps ensure adequate levels of performance and high availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-273">Traditional, network-based load balancers rely on network and transport layer protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-273">Traditional, network-based load balancers rely on network and transport layer protocols.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-274">HTTP-based load balancers, on the other hand, make decisions based on characteristics of the HTTP protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-274">HTTP-based load balancers, on the other hand, make decisions based on characteristics of the HTTP protocol.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-275">Azure Application Gateway provides HTTP-based load balancing for your web-based services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-275">Azure Application Gateway provides HTTP-based load balancing for your web-based services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-276">Application Gateway supports:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-276">Application Gateway supports:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-277">Cookie-based session affinity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-277">Cookie-based session affinity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-278">This capability makes sure that connections established to one of the servers behind that load balancer stays intact between the client and server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-278">This capability makes sure that connections established to one of the servers behind that load balancer stays intact between the client and server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-279">This ensures stability of transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-279">This ensures stability of transactions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-280">SSL offload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-280">SSL offload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-281">When a client connects with the load balancer, that session is encrypted by using the HTTPS (SSL) protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-281">When a client connects with the load balancer, that session is encrypted by using the HTTPS (SSL) protocol.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-282">However, in order to increase performance, you can use the HTTP (unencrypted) protocol to connect between the load balancer and the web server behind the load balancer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-282">However, in order to increase performance, you can use the HTTP (unencrypted) protocol to connect between the load balancer and the web server behind the load balancer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-283">This is referred to as “SSL offload,” because the web servers behind the load balancer don’t experience the processor overhead involved with encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-283">This is referred to as “SSL offload,” because the web servers behind the load balancer don’t experience the processor overhead involved with encryption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-284">The web servers can therefore service requests more quickly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-284">The web servers can therefore service requests more quickly.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-285">URL-based content routing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-285">URL-based content routing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-286">This feature makes it possible for the load balancer to make decisions about where to forward connections based on the target URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-286">This feature makes it possible for the load balancer to make decisions about where to forward connections based on the target URL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-287">This provides a lot more flexibility than solutions that make load balancing decisions based on IP addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-287">This provides a lot more flexibility than solutions that make load balancing decisions based on IP addresses.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-288">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-288">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-289">Application Gateway overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-289">Application Gateway overview</span></span>](../application-gateway/application-gateway-introduction.md)

### <a name="network-level-load-balancing"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-290">Network level load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-290">Network level load balancing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-291">In contrast to HTTP-based load balancing, network level load balancing makes decisions based on IP address and port (TCP or UDP) numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-291">In contrast to HTTP-based load balancing, network level load balancing makes decisions based on IP address and port (TCP or UDP) numbers.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f9771-292">You can gain the benefits of network level load balancing in Azure by using Azure Load Balancer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-292">You can gain the benefits of network level load balancing in Azure by using Azure Load Balancer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-293">Some key characteristics of Load Balancer include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-293">Some key characteristics of Load Balancer include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-294">Network level load balancing based on IP address and port numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-294">Network level load balancing based on IP address and port numbers.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-295">Support for any application layer protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-295">Support for any application layer protocol.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-296">Load balances to Azure virtual machines and cloud services role instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-296">Load balances to Azure virtual machines and cloud services role instances.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-297">Can be used for both internet-facing (external load balancing) and non-internet facing (internal load balancing) applications and virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-297">Can be used for both internet-facing (external load balancing) and non-internet facing (internal load balancing) applications and virtual machines.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-298">Endpoint monitoring, which is used to determine if any of the services behind the load balancer have become unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-298">Endpoint monitoring, which is used to determine if any of the services behind the load balancer have become unavailable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-299">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-299">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-300">Internet-facing load balancer between multiple virtual machines or services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-300">Internet-facing load balancer between multiple virtual machines or services</span></span>](../load-balancer/load-balancer-internet-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-301">Internal load balancer overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-301">Internal load balancer overview</span></span>](../load-balancer/load-balancer-internal-overview.md)

### <a name="global-load-balancing"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-302">Global load balancing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-302">Global load balancing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-303">Some organizations want the highest level of availability possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-303">Some organizations want the highest level of availability possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-304">One way to reach this goal is to host applications in globally distributed datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-304">One way to reach this goal is to host applications in globally distributed datacenters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-305">When an application is hosted in datacenters located throughout the world, it’s possible for an entire geopolitical region to become unavailable, and still have the application up and running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-305">When an application is hosted in datacenters located throughout the world, it’s possible for an entire geopolitical region to become unavailable, and still have the application up and running.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-306">This load-balancing strategy can also yield performance benefits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-306">This load-balancing strategy can also yield performance benefits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-307">You can direct requests for the service to the datacenter that is nearest to the device that is making the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-307">You can direct requests for the service to the datacenter that is nearest to the device that is making the request.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-308">In Azure, you can gain the benefits of global load balancing by using Azure Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-308">In Azure, you can gain the benefits of global load balancing by using Azure Traffic Manager.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-309">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-309">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-310">What is Traffic Manager?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-310">What is Traffic Manager?</span></span>](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md)

## <a name="name-resolution"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-311">Name resolution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-311">Name resolution</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-312">Name resolution is a critical function for all services you host in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-312">Name resolution is a critical function for all services you host in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-313">From a security perspective, compromise of the name resolution function can lead to an attacker redirecting requests from your sites to an attacker’s site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-313">From a security perspective, compromise of the name resolution function can lead to an attacker redirecting requests from your sites to an attacker’s site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-314">Secure name resolution is a requirement for all your cloud hosted services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-314">Secure name resolution is a requirement for all your cloud hosted services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-315">There are two types of name resolution you need to address:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-315">There are two types of name resolution you need to address:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-316">Internal name resolution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-316">Internal name resolution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-317">This is used by services on your virtual networks, your on-premises networks, or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-317">This is used by services on your virtual networks, your on-premises networks, or both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-318">Names used for internal name resolution are not accessible over the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-318">Names used for internal name resolution are not accessible over the internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-319">For optimal security, it’s important that your internal name resolution scheme is not accessible to external users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-319">For optimal security, it’s important that your internal name resolution scheme is not accessible to external users.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-320">External name resolution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-320">External name resolution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-321">This is used by people and devices outside of your on-premises networks and virtual networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-321">This is used by people and devices outside of your on-premises networks and virtual networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-322">These are the names that are visible to the internet, and are used to direct connection to your cloud-based services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-322">These are the names that are visible to the internet, and are used to direct connection to your cloud-based services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-323">For internal name resolution, you have two options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-323">For internal name resolution, you have two options:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-324">A virtual network DNS server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-324">A virtual network DNS server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-325">When you create a new virtual network, a DNS server is created for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-325">When you create a new virtual network, a DNS server is created for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-326">This DNS server can resolve the names of the machines located on that virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-326">This DNS server can resolve the names of the machines located on that virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-327">This DNS server is not configurable, is managed by the Azure fabric manager, and can therefore help you secure your name resolution solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-327">This DNS server is not configurable, is managed by the Azure fabric manager, and can therefore help you secure your name resolution solution.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-328">Bring your own DNS server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-328">Bring your own DNS server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-329">You have the option of putting a DNS server of your own choosing on your virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-329">You have the option of putting a DNS server of your own choosing on your virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-330">This DNS server can be an Active Directory integrated DNS server, or a dedicated DNS server solution provided by an Azure partner, which you can obtain from the Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-330">This DNS server can be an Active Directory integrated DNS server, or a dedicated DNS server solution provided by an Azure partner, which you can obtain from the Azure Marketplace.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-331">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-331">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-332">Virtual network overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-332">Virtual network overview</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-333">Manage DNS Servers used by a virtual network</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-333">Manage DNS Servers used by a virtual network</span></span>](../virtual-network/manage-virtual-network.md#change-dns-servers)

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-334">For external name resolution, you have two options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-334">For external name resolution, you have two options:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-335">Host your own external DNS server on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-335">Host your own external DNS server on-premises.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-336">Host your own external DNS server with a service provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-336">Host your own external DNS server with a service provider.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-337">Many large organizations host their own DNS servers on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-337">Many large organizations host their own DNS servers on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-338">They can do this because they have the networking expertise and global presence to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-338">They can do this because they have the networking expertise and global presence to do so.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-339">In most cases, it’s better to host your DNS name resolution services with a service provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-339">In most cases, it’s better to host your DNS name resolution services with a service provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-340">These service providers have the network expertise and global presence to ensure very high availability for your name resolution services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-340">These service providers have the network expertise and global presence to ensure very high availability for your name resolution services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-341">Availability is essential for DNS services, because if your name resolution services fail, no one will be able to reach your internet facing services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-341">Availability is essential for DNS services, because if your name resolution services fail, no one will be able to reach your internet facing services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-342">Azure provides you with a highly available and high-performing external DNS solution in the form of Azure DNS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-342">Azure provides you with a highly available and high-performing external DNS solution in the form of Azure DNS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-343">This external name resolution solution takes advantage of the worldwide Azure DNS infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-343">This external name resolution solution takes advantage of the worldwide Azure DNS infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-344">It allows you to host your domain in Azure, using the same credentials, APIs, tools, and billing as your other Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-344">It allows you to host your domain in Azure, using the same credentials, APIs, tools, and billing as your other Azure services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-345">As part of Azure, it also inherits the strong security controls built into the platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-345">As part of Azure, it also inherits the strong security controls built into the platform.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-346">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-346">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-347">Azure DNS overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-347">Azure DNS overview</span></span>](../dns/dns-overview.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-348">[Azure DNS private zones](../dns/private-dns-overview.md) allows you to configure private DNS names for Azure resources rather than the automatically assigned names without the need to add a custom DNS solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-348">[Azure DNS private zones](../dns/private-dns-overview.md) allows you to configure private DNS names for Azure resources rather than the automatically assigned names without the need to add a custom DNS solution.</span></span>

## <a name="perimeter-network-architecture"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-349">Perimeter network architecture</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-349">Perimeter network architecture</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-350">Many large organizations use perimeter networks to segment their networks, and create a buffer-zone between the internet and their services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-350">Many large organizations use perimeter networks to segment their networks, and create a buffer-zone between the internet and their services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-351">The perimeter portion of the network is considered a low-security zone, and no high-value assets are placed in that network segment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-351">The perimeter portion of the network is considered a low-security zone, and no high-value assets are placed in that network segment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-352">You’ll typically see network security devices that have a network interface on the perimeter network segment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-352">You’ll typically see network security devices that have a network interface on the perimeter network segment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-353">Another network interface is connected to a network that has virtual machines and services that accept inbound connections from the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-353">Another network interface is connected to a network that has virtual machines and services that accept inbound connections from the internet.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-354">You can design perimeter networks in a number of different ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-354">You can design perimeter networks in a number of different ways.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-355">The decision to deploy a perimeter network, and then what type of perimeter network to use if you decide to use one, depends on your network security requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-355">The decision to deploy a perimeter network, and then what type of perimeter network to use if you decide to use one, depends on your network security requirements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-356">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-356">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-357">Microsoft Cloud Services and Network Security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-357">Microsoft Cloud Services and Network Security</span></span>](../best-practices-network-security.md)

## <a name="monitoring-and-threat-detection"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-358">Monitoring and threat detection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-358">Monitoring and threat detection</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-359">Azure provides capabilities to help you in this key area with early detection, monitoring, and collecting and reviewing network traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-359">Azure provides capabilities to help you in this key area with early detection, monitoring, and collecting and reviewing network traffic.</span></span>

### <a name="azure-network-watcher"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-360">Azure Network Watcher</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-360">Azure Network Watcher</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-361">Azure Network Watcher can help you troubleshoot, and provides a whole new set of tools to assist with the identification of security issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-361">Azure Network Watcher can help you troubleshoot, and provides a whole new set of tools to assist with the identification of security issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-362">[Security Group View](../network-watcher/network-watcher-security-group-view-overview.md) helps with auditing and security compliance of Virtual Machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-362">[Security Group View](../network-watcher/network-watcher-security-group-view-overview.md) helps with auditing and security compliance of Virtual Machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-363">Use this feature to perform programmatic audits, comparing the baseline policies defined by your organization to effective rules for each of your VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-363">Use this feature to perform programmatic audits, comparing the baseline policies defined by your organization to effective rules for each of your VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-364">This can help you identify any configuration drift.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-364">This can help you identify any configuration drift.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-365">[Packet capture](../network-watcher/network-watcher-packet-capture-overview.md) allows you to capture network traffic to and from the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-365">[Packet capture](../network-watcher/network-watcher-packet-capture-overview.md) allows you to capture network traffic to and from the virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-366">You can collect network statistics and troubleshoot application issues, which can be invaluable in the investigation of network intrusions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-366">You can collect network statistics and troubleshoot application issues, which can be invaluable in the investigation of network intrusions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-367">You can also use this feature together with Azure Functions to start network captures in response to specific Azure alerts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-367">You can also use this feature together with Azure Functions to start network captures in response to specific Azure alerts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-368">For more information on Network Watcher and how to start testing some of the functionality in your labs, see [Azure network watcher monitoring overview](../network-watcher/network-watcher-monitoring-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-368">For more information on Network Watcher and how to start testing some of the functionality in your labs, see [Azure network watcher monitoring overview](../network-watcher/network-watcher-monitoring-overview.md).</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
<span data-ttu-id="f9771-369">For the most up-to-date notifications on availability and status of this service, check the [Azure updates page](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/?product=network-watcher).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-369">For the most up-to-date notifications on availability and status of this service, check the [Azure updates page](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/?product=network-watcher).</span></span>

### <a name="azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-370">Azure Security Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-370">Azure Security Center</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-371">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats, and provides you increased visibility into, and control over, the security of your Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-371">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats, and provides you increased visibility into, and control over, the security of your Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-372">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a large set of security solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-372">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a large set of security solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-373">Security Center helps you optimize and monitor network security by:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-373">Security Center helps you optimize and monitor network security by:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-374">Providing network security recommendations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-374">Providing network security recommendations.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-375">Monitoring the state of your network security configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-375">Monitoring the state of your network security configuration.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-376">Alerting you to network based threats, both at the endpoint and network levels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-376">Alerting you to network based threats, both at the endpoint and network levels.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-377">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-377">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-378">Introduction to Azure Security Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-378">Introduction to Azure Security Center</span></span>](../security-center/security-center-intro.md)

### <a name="logging"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-379">Logging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-379">Logging</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-380">Logging at a network level is a key function for any network security scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-380">Logging at a network level is a key function for any network security scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-381">In Azure, you can log information obtained for NSGs to get network level logging information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-381">In Azure, you can log information obtained for NSGs to get network level logging information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-382">With NSG logging, you get information from:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-382">With NSG logging, you get information from:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-383">[Activity logs](../monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-overview-activity-logs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-383">[Activity logs](../monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-overview-activity-logs.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-384">Use these logs to view all operations submitted to your Azure subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-384">Use these logs to view all operations submitted to your Azure subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-385">These logs are enabled by default, and can be used within the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-385">These logs are enabled by default, and can be used within the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-386">They were previously known as audit or operational logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-386">They were previously known as audit or operational logs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-387">Event logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-387">Event logs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-388">These logs provide information about what NSG rules were applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-388">These logs provide information about what NSG rules were applied.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-389">Counter logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-389">Counter logs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-390">These logs let you know how many times each NSG rule was applied to deny or allow traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-390">These logs let you know how many times each NSG rule was applied to deny or allow traffic.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-391">You can also use [Microsoft Power BI](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/what-is-power-bi/), a powerful data visualization tool, to view and analyze these logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-391">You can also use [Microsoft Power BI](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/what-is-power-bi/), a powerful data visualization tool, to view and analyze these logs.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f9771-392">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-392">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-393">Log Analytics for Network Security Groups (NSGs)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-393">Log Analytics for Network Security Groups (NSGs)</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-network-nsg-manage-log.md)

## <a name="azure-ddos-protection"></a><span data-ttu-id="f9771-394">Azure DDoS protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-394">Azure DDoS protection</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-395">Distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks are some of the largest availability and security concerns facing customers that are moving their applications to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-395">Distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks are some of the largest availability and security concerns facing customers that are moving their applications to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-396">A DDoS attack attempts to exhaust an application’s resources, making the application unavailable to legitimate users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-396">A DDoS attack attempts to exhaust an application’s resources, making the application unavailable to legitimate users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-397">DDoS attacks can be targeted at any endpoint that is publicly reachable through the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-397">DDoS attacks can be targeted at any endpoint that is publicly reachable through the internet.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f9771-398">Microsoft provides DDoS protection known as **Basic** as part of the Azure Platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-398">Microsoft provides DDoS protection known as **Basic** as part of the Azure Platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-399">This comes at no charge and includes always on monitoring and real-time mitigation of common network level attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-399">This comes at no charge and includes always on monitoring and real-time mitigation of common network level attacks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-400">In addition to the protections included with DDoS protection **Basic** you can enable the **Standard** option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-400">In addition to the protections included with DDoS protection **Basic** you can enable the **Standard** option.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-401">DDoS Protection Standard features include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-401">DDoS Protection Standard features include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-402">**Native platform integration:** Natively integrated into Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-402">**Native platform integration:** Natively integrated into Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-403">Includes configuration through the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-403">Includes configuration through the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-404">DDoS Protection Standard understands your resources and resource configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-404">DDoS Protection Standard understands your resources and resource configuration.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-405">**Turn-key protection:** Simplified configuration immediately protects all resources on a virtual network as soon as DDoS Protection Standard is enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-405">**Turn-key protection:** Simplified configuration immediately protects all resources on a virtual network as soon as DDoS Protection Standard is enabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-406">No intervention or user definition is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-406">No intervention or user definition is required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-407">DDoS Protection Standard instantly and automatically mitigates the attack, once it is detected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-407">DDoS Protection Standard instantly and automatically mitigates the attack, once it is detected.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-408">**Always-on traffic monitoring:** Your application traffic patterns are monitored 24 hour a day, 7 days a week, looking for indicators of DDoS attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-408">**Always-on traffic monitoring:** Your application traffic patterns are monitored 24 hour a day, 7 days a week, looking for indicators of DDoS attacks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-409">Mitigation is performed when protection policies are exceeded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-409">Mitigation is performed when protection policies are exceeded.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-410">**Adaptive tuning:** Intelligent traffic profiling learns your application’s traffic over time, and selects and updates the profile that is the most suitable for your service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-410">**Adaptive tuning:** Intelligent traffic profiling learns your application’s traffic over time, and selects and updates the profile that is the most suitable for your service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-411">The profile adjusts as traffic changes over time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-411">The profile adjusts as traffic changes over time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-412">Layer 3 to layer 7 protection: Provides full stack DDoS protection, when used with a web application firewall.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-412">Layer 3 to layer 7 protection: Provides full stack DDoS protection, when used with a web application firewall.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-413">**Extensive mitigation scale:** Over 60 different attack types can be mitigated, with global capacity, to protect against the largest known DDoS attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-413">**Extensive mitigation scale:** Over 60 different attack types can be mitigated, with global capacity, to protect against the largest known DDoS attacks.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-414">**Attack metrics:** Summarized metrics from each attack are accessible through Azure Monitor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-414">**Attack metrics:** Summarized metrics from each attack are accessible through Azure Monitor.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-415">**Attack alerting:** Alerts can be configured at the start and stop of an attack, and over the attack’s duration, using built-in attack metrics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-415">**Attack alerting:** Alerts can be configured at the start and stop of an attack, and over the attack’s duration, using built-in attack metrics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f9771-416">Alerts integrate into your operational software like Microsoft Azure Log Analytics, Splunk, Azure Storage, Email, and the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-416">Alerts integrate into your operational software like Microsoft Azure Log Analytics, Splunk, Azure Storage, Email, and the Azure portal.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f9771-417">**Cost guarantee:**  Data-transfer and application scale-out service credits for documented DDoS attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-417">**Cost guarantee:**  Data-transfer and application scale-out service credits for documented DDoS attacks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f9771-418">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-418">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f9771-419">DDOS protection overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f9771-419">DDOS protection overview</span></span>](../virtual-network/ddos-protection-overview.md)