---
title: Azure security features used with Azure virtual machines | Microsoft Docs
description: " An overview of the core Azure security features that can be used with Azure virtual machines. Azure VMs give you the flexibility of virtualization without having to buy and maintain the physical hardware that runs the VM. "
services: security
documentationcenter: na
author: TerryLanfear
manager: MBaldwin
editor: TomSh
ms.assetid: 467b2c83-0352-4e9d-9788-c77fb400fe54
ms.service: security
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 01/23/2017
ms.author: terrylan
ms.openlocfilehash: 70d22ae8d7f67f1e12a233e004f1eb749927e7d8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549966"
---
# <a name="azure-virtual-machines-security-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-104">Azure Virtual Machines security overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-104">Azure Virtual Machines security overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-105">Azure Virtual Machines lets you deploy a wide range of computing solutions in an agile way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-105">Azure Virtual Machines lets you deploy a wide range of computing solutions in an agile way.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-106">With support for Microsoft Windows, Linux, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, IBM, SAP, and Azure BizTalk Services, you can deploy any workload and any language on nearly any operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-106">With support for Microsoft Windows, Linux, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, IBM, SAP, and Azure BizTalk Services, you can deploy any workload and any language on nearly any operating system.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-107">An Azure virtual machine gives you the flexibility of virtualization without having to buy and maintain the physical hardware that runs the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-107">An Azure virtual machine gives you the flexibility of virtualization without having to buy and maintain the physical hardware that runs the virtual machine.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d0825-108">You can build and deploy your applications with the assurance that your data is protected and safe in our highly secure datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-108">You can build and deploy your applications with the assurance that your data is protected and safe in our highly secure datacenters.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-109">With Azure, you can build security-enhanced, compliant solutions that:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-109">With Azure, you can build security-enhanced, compliant solutions that:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-110">Protect your virtual machines from viruses and malware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-110">Protect your virtual machines from viruses and malware</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-111">Encrypt your sensitive data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-111">Encrypt your sensitive data</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-112">Secure network traffic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-112">Secure network traffic</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-113">Identify and detect threats</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-113">Identify and detect threats</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-114">Meet compliance requirements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-114">Meet compliance requirements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-115">The goal of this article is to provide an overview of the core Azure security features that can be used with virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-115">The goal of this article is to provide an overview of the core Azure security features that can be used with virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-116">We also provide links to articles that give details of each feature so you can learn more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-116">We also provide links to articles that give details of each feature so you can learn more.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-117">The core Azure Virtual Machine security capabilities to be covered in this article:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-117">The core Azure Virtual Machine security capabilities to be covered in this article:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-118">Antimalware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-118">Antimalware</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-119">Hardware Security Module</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-119">Hardware Security Module</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-120">Virtual machine disk encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-120">Virtual machine disk encryption</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-121">Virtual machine backup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-121">Virtual machine backup</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-122">Azure Site Recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-122">Azure Site Recovery</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-123">Virtual networking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-123">Virtual networking</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-124">Security policy management and reporting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-124">Security policy management and reporting</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-125">Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-125">Compliance</span></span>

## <a name="antimalware"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-126">Antimalware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-126">Antimalware</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-127">With Azure, you can use antimalware software from security vendors such as Microsoft, Symantec, Trend Micro, McAfee, and Kaspersky to protect your virtual machines from malicious files, adware, and other threats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-127">With Azure, you can use antimalware software from security vendors such as Microsoft, Symantec, Trend Micro, McAfee, and Kaspersky to protect your virtual machines from malicious files, adware, and other threats.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-128">See the Learn More section below to find articles on partner solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-128">See the Learn More section below to find articles on partner solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-129">Microsoft Antimalware for Azure Cloud Services and Virtual Machines is a real-time protection capability that helps identify and remove viruses, spyware, and other malicious software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-129">Microsoft Antimalware for Azure Cloud Services and Virtual Machines is a real-time protection capability that helps identify and remove viruses, spyware, and other malicious software.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d0825-130">Microsoft Antimalware provides configurable alerts when known malicious or unwanted software attempts to install itself or run on your Azure systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-130">Microsoft Antimalware provides configurable alerts when known malicious or unwanted software attempts to install itself or run on your Azure systems.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-131">Microsoft Antimalware is a single-agent solution for applications and tenant environments, designed to run in the background without human intervention.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-131">Microsoft Antimalware is a single-agent solution for applications and tenant environments, designed to run in the background without human intervention.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-132">You can deploy protection based on the needs of your application workloads, with either basic secure-by-default or advanced custom configuration, including antimalware monitoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-132">You can deploy protection based on the needs of your application workloads, with either basic secure-by-default or advanced custom configuration, including antimalware monitoring.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-133">When you deploy and enable Microsoft Antimalware, the following core features are available:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-133">When you deploy and enable Microsoft Antimalware, the following core features are available:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-134">Real-time protection - monitors activity in Cloud Services and on Virtual Machines to detect and block malware execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-134">Real-time protection - monitors activity in Cloud Services and on Virtual Machines to detect and block malware execution.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-135">Scheduled scanning - periodically performs targeted scanning to detect malware, including actively running programs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-135">Scheduled scanning - periodically performs targeted scanning to detect malware, including actively running programs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-136">Malware remediation - automatically takes action on detected malware, such as deleting or quarantining malicious files and cleaning up malicious registry entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-136">Malware remediation - automatically takes action on detected malware, such as deleting or quarantining malicious files and cleaning up malicious registry entries.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-137">Signature updates - automatically installs the latest protection signatures (virus definitions) to ensure protection is up-to-date on a pre-determined frequency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-137">Signature updates - automatically installs the latest protection signatures (virus definitions) to ensure protection is up-to-date on a pre-determined frequency.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-138">Antimalware Engine updates – automatically updates the Microsoft Antimalware engine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-138">Antimalware Engine updates – automatically updates the Microsoft Antimalware engine.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-139">Antimalware Platform updates – automatically updates the Microsoft Antimalware platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-139">Antimalware Platform updates – automatically updates the Microsoft Antimalware platform.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-140">Active protection - reports to Azure telemetry metadata about detected threats and suspicious resources to ensure rapid response and enables real-time synchronous signature delivery through the Microsoft Active Protection System (MAPS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-140">Active protection - reports to Azure telemetry metadata about detected threats and suspicious resources to ensure rapid response and enables real-time synchronous signature delivery through the Microsoft Active Protection System (MAPS).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-141">Samples reporting - provides and reports samples to the Microsoft Antimalware service to help refine the service and enable troubleshooting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-141">Samples reporting - provides and reports samples to the Microsoft Antimalware service to help refine the service and enable troubleshooting.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-142">Exclusions – allows application and service administrators to configure certain files, processes, and drives to exclude them from protection and scanning for performance and other reasons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-142">Exclusions – allows application and service administrators to configure certain files, processes, and drives to exclude them from protection and scanning for performance and other reasons.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-143">Antimalware event collection - records the antimalware service health, suspicious activities, and remediation actions taken in the operating system event log and collects them into the customer’s Azure Storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-143">Antimalware event collection - records the antimalware service health, suspicious activities, and remediation actions taken in the operating system event log and collects them into the customer’s Azure Storage account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-144">Learn more: To learn more about antimalware software to protect your virtual machines, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-144">Learn more: To learn more about antimalware software to protect your virtual machines, see:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-145">Microsoft Antimalware for Azure Cloud Services and Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-145">Microsoft Antimalware for Azure Cloud Services and Virtual Machines</span></span>](azure-security-antimalware.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-146">Deploying Antimalware Solutions on Azure Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-146">Deploying Antimalware Solutions on Azure Virtual Machines</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/deploying-antimalware-solutions-on-azure-virtual-machines/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-147">How to install and configure Trend Micro Deep Security as a Service on a Windows VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-147">How to install and configure Trend Micro Deep Security as a Service on a Windows VM</span></span>](../virtual-machines/windows/classic/install-trend.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-148">How to install and configure Symantec Endpoint Protection on a Windows VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-148">How to install and configure Symantec Endpoint Protection on a Windows VM</span></span>](../virtual-machines/windows/classic/install-symantec.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-149">New Antimalware Options for Protecting Azure Virtual Machines – McAfee Endpoint Protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-149">New Antimalware Options for Protecting Azure Virtual Machines – McAfee Endpoint Protection</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/new-antimalware-options-for-protecting-azure-virtual-machines/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-150">Security solutions in the Azure Marketplace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-150">Security solutions in the Azure Marketplace</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/?term=security)

## <a name="hardware-security-module"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-151">Hardware security Module</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-151">Hardware security Module</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-152">Encryption and authentication do not improve security unless the keys themselves are protected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-152">Encryption and authentication do not improve security unless the keys themselves are protected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-153">You can simplify the management and security of your critical secrets and keys by storing them in Azure Key Vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-153">You can simplify the management and security of your critical secrets and keys by storing them in Azure Key Vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-154">Key Vault provides the option to store your keys in hardware security modules (HSMs) certified to FIPS 140-2 Level 2 standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-154">Key Vault provides the option to store your keys in hardware security modules (HSMs) certified to FIPS 140-2 Level 2 standards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-155">Your SQL Server encryption keys for backup or [transparent data encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bb934049.aspx) can all be stored in Key Vault with any keys or secrets from your applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-155">Your SQL Server encryption keys for backup or [transparent data encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bb934049.aspx) can all be stored in Key Vault with any keys or secrets from your applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-156">Permissions and access to these protected items are managed through [Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/active-directory/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-156">Permissions and access to these protected items are managed through [Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/active-directory/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-157">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-157">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-158">What is Azure Key Vault?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-158">What is Azure Key Vault?</span></span>](../key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-159">Get started with Azure Key Vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-159">Get started with Azure Key Vault</span></span>](../key-vault/key-vault-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-160">Azure Key Vault blog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-160">Azure Key Vault blog</span></span>](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/kv/)

## <a name="virtual-machine-disk-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-161">Virtual machine disk encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-161">Virtual machine disk encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-162">Azure Disk Encryption is a new capability that lets you encrypt your Windows and Linux Azure Virtual Machine disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-162">Azure Disk Encryption is a new capability that lets you encrypt your Windows and Linux Azure Virtual Machine disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-163">Azure Disk Encryption uses the industry standard [BitLocker](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc732774.aspx) feature of Windows and the [dm-crypt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dm-crypt) feature of Linux to provide volume encryption for the OS and the data disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-163">Azure Disk Encryption uses the industry standard [BitLocker](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc732774.aspx) feature of Windows and the [dm-crypt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dm-crypt) feature of Linux to provide volume encryption for the OS and the data disks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-164">The solution is integrated with Azure Key Vault to help you control and manage the disk encryption keys and secrets in your key vault subscription, while ensuring that all data in the virtual machine disks are encrypted at rest in your Azure storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-164">The solution is integrated with Azure Key Vault to help you control and manage the disk encryption keys and secrets in your key vault subscription, while ensuring that all data in the virtual machine disks are encrypted at rest in your Azure storage.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-165">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-165">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-166">Azure Disk Encryption for Windows and Linux IaaS VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-166">Azure Disk Encryption for Windows and Linux IaaS VMs</span></span>](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Azure-Disk-Encryption-for-a0018eb0)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-167">Azure Disk Encryption for Linux and Windows Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-167">Azure Disk Encryption for Linux and Windows Virtual Machines</span></span>](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuresecurity/2015/11/16/azure-disk-encryption-for-linux-and-windows-virtual-machines-public-preview-now-available/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-168">Encrypt a virtual machine</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-168">Encrypt a virtual machine</span></span>](../security-center/security-center-disk-encryption.md)

## <a name="virtual-machine-backup"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-169">Virtual machine backup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-169">Virtual machine backup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-170">Azure Backup is a scalable solution that protects your application data with zero capital investment and minimal operating costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-170">Azure Backup is a scalable solution that protects your application data with zero capital investment and minimal operating costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-171">Application errors can corrupt your data, and human errors can introduce bugs into your applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-171">Application errors can corrupt your data, and human errors can introduce bugs into your applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-172">With Azure Backup, your virtual machines running Windows and Linux are protected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-172">With Azure Backup, your virtual machines running Windows and Linux are protected.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-173">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-173">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-174">What is Azure Backup?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-174">What is Azure Backup?</span></span>](../backup/backup-introduction-to-azure-backup.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-175">Azure Backup Learning Path</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-175">Azure Backup Learning Path</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/learning-paths/backup/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-176">Azure Backup Service - FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-176">Azure Backup Service - FAQ</span></span>](../backup/backup-azure-backup-faq.md)

## <a name="azure-site-recovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-177">Azure Site Recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-177">Azure Site Recovery</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-178">An important part of your organization's BCDR strategy is figuring out how to keep corporate workloads and apps up and running when planned and unplanned outages occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-178">An important part of your organization's BCDR strategy is figuring out how to keep corporate workloads and apps up and running when planned and unplanned outages occur.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-179">Azure Site Recovery helps orchestrate replication, failover, and recovery of workloads and apps so that they are available from a secondary location if your primary location goes down.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-179">Azure Site Recovery helps orchestrate replication, failover, and recovery of workloads and apps so that they are available from a secondary location if your primary location goes down.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-180">Site Recovery:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-180">Site Recovery:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-181">**Simplifies your BCDR strategy** — Site Recovery makes it easy to handle replication, failover, and recovery of multiple business workloads and apps from a single location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-181">**Simplifies your BCDR strategy** — Site Recovery makes it easy to handle replication, failover, and recovery of multiple business workloads and apps from a single location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-182">Site recovery orchestrates replication and failover but doesn't intercept your application data or have any information about it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-182">Site recovery orchestrates replication and failover but doesn't intercept your application data or have any information about it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-183">**Provides flexible replication** — Using Site Recovery you can replicate workloads running on Hyper-V virtual machines, VMware virtual machines, and Windows/Linux physical servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-183">**Provides flexible replication** — Using Site Recovery you can replicate workloads running on Hyper-V virtual machines, VMware virtual machines, and Windows/Linux physical servers.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-184">**Supports failover and recovery** — Site Recovery provides test failovers to support disaster recovery drills without affecting production environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-184">**Supports failover and recovery** — Site Recovery provides test failovers to support disaster recovery drills without affecting production environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-185">You can also run planned failovers with a zero-data loss for expected outages, or unplanned failovers with minimal data loss (depending on replication frequency) for unexpected disasters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-185">You can also run planned failovers with a zero-data loss for expected outages, or unplanned failovers with minimal data loss (depending on replication frequency) for unexpected disasters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-186">After failover, you can failback to your primary sites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-186">After failover, you can failback to your primary sites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-187">Site Recovery provides recovery plans that can include scripts and Azure automation workbooks so that you can customize failover and recovery of multi-tier applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-187">Site Recovery provides recovery plans that can include scripts and Azure automation workbooks so that you can customize failover and recovery of multi-tier applications.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-188">**Eliminates secondary datacenter** — You can replicate to a secondary on-premises site, or to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-188">**Eliminates secondary datacenter** — You can replicate to a secondary on-premises site, or to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-189">Using Azure as a destination for disaster recovery eliminates the cost and complexity of maintaining a secondary site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-189">Using Azure as a destination for disaster recovery eliminates the cost and complexity of maintaining a secondary site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-190">Replicated data is stored in Azure Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-190">Replicated data is stored in Azure Storage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-191">**Integrates with existing BCDR technologies** — Site Recovery partners with other application BCDR features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-191">**Integrates with existing BCDR technologies** — Site Recovery partners with other application BCDR features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-192">For example, you can use Site Recovery to protect the SQL Server back end of corporate workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-192">For example, you can use Site Recovery to protect the SQL Server back end of corporate workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-193">This includes native support for SQL Server AlwaysOn to manage the failover of availability groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-193">This includes native support for SQL Server AlwaysOn to manage the failover of availability groups.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-194">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-194">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-195">What is Azure Site Recovery?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-195">What is Azure Site Recovery?</span></span>](../site-recovery/site-recovery-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-196">How Does Azure Site Recovery Work?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-196">How Does Azure Site Recovery Work?</span></span>](../site-recovery/site-recovery-components.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-197">What Workloads are Protected by Azure Site Recovery?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-197">What Workloads are Protected by Azure Site Recovery?</span></span>](../site-recovery/site-recovery-workload.md)

## <a name="virtual-networking"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-198">Virtual networking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-198">Virtual networking</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-199">Virtual machines need network connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-199">Virtual machines need network connectivity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-200">To support that requirement, Azure requires virtual machines to be connected to an Azure Virtual Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-200">To support that requirement, Azure requires virtual machines to be connected to an Azure Virtual Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-201">An Azure Virtual Network is a logical construct built on top of the physical Azure network fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-201">An Azure Virtual Network is a logical construct built on top of the physical Azure network fabric.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-202">Each logical Azure Virtual Network is isolated from all other Azure Virtual Networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-202">Each logical Azure Virtual Network is isolated from all other Azure Virtual Networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-203">This isolation helps insure that network traffic in your deployments is not accessible to other Microsoft Azure customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-203">This isolation helps insure that network traffic in your deployments is not accessible to other Microsoft Azure customers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-204">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-204">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-205">Azure Network Security Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-205">Azure Network Security Overview</span></span>](security-network-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-206">Virtual Network Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-206">Virtual Network Overview</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-207">Networking features and partnerships for Enterprise scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-207">Networking features and partnerships for Enterprise scenarios</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/networking-enterprise/)

## <a name="security-policy-management-and-reporting"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-208">Security policy management and reporting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-208">Security policy management and reporting</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-209">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats, and provides you increased visibility into, and control over, the security of your Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-209">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats, and provides you increased visibility into, and control over, the security of your Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-210">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-210">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-211">Azure Security Center helps you optimize and monitor virtual machine security by:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-211">Azure Security Center helps you optimize and monitor virtual machine security by:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-212">Providing virtual machine [security recommendations](../security-center/security-center-recommendations.md) such as apply system updates, configure ACLs endpoints, enable antimalware, enable network security groups, and apply disk encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-212">Providing virtual machine [security recommendations](../security-center/security-center-recommendations.md) such as apply system updates, configure ACLs endpoints, enable antimalware, enable network security groups, and apply disk encryption.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d0825-213">Monitoring the state of your virtual machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-213">Monitoring the state of your virtual machines</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-214">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-214">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-215">Introduction to Azure Security Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-215">Introduction to Azure Security Center</span></span>](../security-center/security-center-intro.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-216">Azure Security Center Frequently Asked Questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-216">Azure Security Center Frequently Asked Questions</span></span>](../security-center/security-center-faq.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-217">Azure Security Center Planning and Operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-217">Azure Security Center Planning and Operations</span></span>](../security-center/security-center-planning-and-operations-guide.md)

## <a name="compliance"></a><span data-ttu-id="d0825-218">Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-218">Compliance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d0825-219">Azure Virtual Machines is certified for FISMA, FedRAMP, HIPAA, PCI DSS Level 1, and other key compliance programs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-219">Azure Virtual Machines is certified for FISMA, FedRAMP, HIPAA, PCI DSS Level 1, and other key compliance programs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d0825-220">This certification makes it easier for your own Azure applications to meet compliance requirements and for your business to address a wide range of domestic and international regulatory requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-220">This certification makes it easier for your own Azure applications to meet compliance requirements and for your business to address a wide range of domestic and international regulatory requirements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d0825-221">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-221">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-222">Microsoft Trust Center: Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-222">Microsoft Trust Center: Compliance</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/TrustCenter/Compliance/default.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d0825-223">Trusted Cloud: Microsoft Azure Security, Privacy, and Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d0825-223">Trusted Cloud: Microsoft Azure Security, Privacy, and Compliance</span></span>](http://download.microsoft.com/download/1/6/0/160216AA-8445-480B-B60F-5C8EC8067FCA/WindowsAzure-SecurityPrivacyCompliance.pdf)
