---
title: Azure security courses from Microsoft Virtual Academy | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides a curated collection of Azure security related courses from Microsoft Virtual Academy.  Microsoft Virtual Academy provides free, online training to help Developers, IT and Data Professionals, and students learn the latest technology, build their skills, and advance their careers.
services: security
documentationcenter: na
author: TomShinder
manager: MBaldwin
editor: TomSh
ms.assetid: f1d7da18-bfd1-4338-abbb-2c558fb780f9
ms.service: security
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 11/18/2016
ms.author: terrylan
ms.openlocfilehash: c5ebc3cb13359d824f022859078e4feb2b6869a0
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554593"
---
# <a name="azure-security-courses-from-microsoft-virtual-academy"></a><span data-ttu-id="af05e-104">Azure security courses from Microsoft Virtual Academy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-104">Azure security courses from Microsoft Virtual Academy</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="af05e-105">Microsoft Virtual Academy provides free, online training to help Developers, IT and Data Professionals, and students learn the latest technology, build their skills, and advance their careers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-105">Microsoft Virtual Academy provides free, online training to help Developers, IT and Data Professionals, and students learn the latest technology, build their skills, and advance their careers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-106">On this page, you find a curated collection of Azure security-related courses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-106">On this page, you find a curated collection of Azure security-related courses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-107">Visit the [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) to see all the courses they have available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-107">Visit the [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) to see all the courses they have available.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-108">Dev/Test in the Cloud</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-108">Dev/Test in the Cloud</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/devtest-in-the-cloud-16274?l=9aAijd7LC_2005190311)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-109">Are you a developer who needs to deliver faster and better applications?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-109">Are you a developer who needs to deliver faster and better applications?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-110">Moving your development and testing environments to the cloud can help you achieve exactly that!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-110">Moving your development and testing environments to the cloud can help you achieve exactly that!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-111">Learn how to get it done, and find out the benefits of making the move.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-111">Learn how to get it done, and find out the benefits of making the move.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-112">Plus, see demonstrations and presentations that show you how Microsoft Azure can support your development and testing needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-112">Plus, see demonstrations and presentations that show you how Microsoft Azure can support your development and testing needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-113">Included are lesson on security development and deployment practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-113">Included are lesson on security development and deployment practices.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-114">Common Tasks for Linux on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-114">Common Tasks for Linux on Azure</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/common-tasks-for-linux-on-azure-16191?l=J0Hvb7qJC_1204668937)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-115">If you have questions about using Linux on the Microsoft Azure platform, this detailed course has answers for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-115">If you have questions about using Linux on the Microsoft Azure platform, this detailed course has answers for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-116">Explore some common tasks with the experts from [Linux Academy](https://linuxacademy.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-116">Explore some common tasks with the experts from [Linux Academy](https://linuxacademy.com/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-117">Learn about creating a Linux virtual machine (VM) in Azure, accessing the Linux VM using remote desktop software, and running virtual hosts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-117">Learn about creating a Linux virtual machine (VM) in Azure, accessing the Linux VM using remote desktop software, and running virtual hosts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-118">Many security technologies and configurations are addressed in this course.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-118">Many security technologies and configurations are addressed in this course.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-119">Secure the Cloud</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-119">Secure the Cloud</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/secure-the-cloud-14037?l=lQIkkst0B_5300115881)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-120">In this session, learn how Microsoft can help you meet global compliance requirements, such as ISO 27001 / 27018, FedRAMP, PCI, and HIPAA, with new security controls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-120">In this session, learn how Microsoft can help you meet global compliance requirements, such as ISO 27001 / 27018, FedRAMP, PCI, and HIPAA, with new security controls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-121">These controls range from at-rest data encryption, key management, VM protection, logging and monitoring, to anti-malware services, identity management, access controls, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-121">These controls range from at-rest data encryption, key management, VM protection, logging and monitoring, to anti-malware services, identity management, access controls, and more.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-122">Design and Implement Cloud Data Platform Solutions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-122">Design and Implement Cloud Data Platform Solutions</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/design-and-implement-cloud-data-platform-solutions-15711?l=jbCdW0j1B_3005244527)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-123">Learn the features and capabilities of Microsoft cloud data platform solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-123">Learn the features and capabilities of Microsoft cloud data platform solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-124">Get a platform overview and hear about security features, options for high availability, techniques for monitoring and managing cloud data, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-124">Get a platform overview and hear about security features, options for high availability, techniques for monitoring and managing cloud data, and more.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-125">Plus, get guidance on how to identify tradeoffs and make decisions for designing public and hybrid cloud solutions using Microsoft cloud data platform features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-125">Plus, get guidance on how to identify tradeoffs and make decisions for designing public and hybrid cloud solutions using Microsoft cloud data platform features.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-126">Manage and Secure Identities in a Cloud and Mobile World</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-126">Manage and Secure Identities in a Cloud and Mobile World</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/manage-and-secure-identities-in-a-cloud-and-mobile-world-14013?l=GIJ2GcvrB_405192797)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-127">In this session, learn how Azure Active Directory and Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics helps you secure and manage user identity, identify security breaches before they cause damage, and provide your users a single identity for accessing all corporate resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-127">In this session, learn how Azure Active Directory and Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics helps you secure and manage user identity, identify security breaches before they cause damage, and provide your users a single identity for accessing all corporate resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-128">Explore the technologies used to discover Shadow IT, manage application access, and monitor suspicious activity through advanced security reporting, user behavioral analytics, auditing, and alerting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-128">Explore the technologies used to discover Shadow IT, manage application access, and monitor suspicious activity through advanced security reporting, user behavioral analytics, auditing, and alerting.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-129">Security in a Cloud-Enabled World</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-129">Security in a Cloud-Enabled World</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/security-in-a-cloudenabled-world-12725?l=CfLHobAcB_3904300474)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-130">Experts lead you through the customer responsibility roadmap in the [Microsoft Cloud Security for Enterprise Architects](http://www.microsoft.com/download/48121) poster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-130">Experts lead you through the customer responsibility roadmap in the [Microsoft Cloud Security for Enterprise Architects](http://www.microsoft.com/download/48121) poster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-131">The experts also provide recommendations for modernizing each part of your security posture, including governance, containment strategies, security operations, high-value asset protection, information protection, and user and device security, with a particular emphasis on protecting administrative control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-131">The experts also provide recommendations for modernizing each part of your security posture, including governance, containment strategies, security operations, high-value asset protection, information protection, and user and device security, with a particular emphasis on protecting administrative control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-132">Learn from the same framework that the Microsoft cybersecurity team uses to assess customers' cloud security and to build them a security roadmap.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-132">Learn from the same framework that the Microsoft cybersecurity team uses to assess customers' cloud security and to build them a security roadmap.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-133">Microsoft Azure IaaS Deep Dive</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-133">Microsoft Azure IaaS Deep Dive</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/microsoft-azure-iaas-deep-dive-14339?l=PtppYVQgB_8300115888)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-134">Learn how to use Microsoft Azure infrastructure capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-134">Learn how to use Microsoft Azure infrastructure capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-135">If you are an IT Pro, no need to have previous experience with Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-135">If you are an IT Pro, no need to have previous experience with Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-136">This course walks you through creating and configuring Azure VMs, Azure Virtual Networks, and cross-premises connectivity to get things up and running on the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-136">This course walks you through creating and configuring Azure VMs, Azure Virtual Networks, and cross-premises connectivity to get things up and running on the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-137">Security features and considerations are included throughout the course.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-137">Security features and considerations are included throughout the course.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-138">Getting Started with Azure Security for the IT Professional</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-138">Getting Started with Azure Security for the IT Professional</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/training-courses/getting-started-with-azure-security-for-the-it-professional-11165?l=HfHzCXSAB_7404300474)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-139">In this demo-filled course, a team of security experts and Azure engineers takes you beyond the basic certifications and explores what's possible inside Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-139">In this demo-filled course, a team of security experts and Azure engineers takes you beyond the basic certifications and explores what's possible inside Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-140">See how to design and use various technologies to ensure that you have the security and architecture you need to successfully launch your projects in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-140">See how to design and use various technologies to ensure that you have the security and architecture you need to successfully launch your projects in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-141">Dive into datacenter operations, VM configuration, network architecture, and storage infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-141">Dive into datacenter operations, VM configuration, network architecture, and storage infrastructure.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-142">Deep Dive into Azure Resource Manager Scenarios and Patterns</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-142">Deep Dive into Azure Resource Manager Scenarios and Patterns</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/deep-dive-into-azure-resource-manager-scenarios-and-patterns-13793?l=i1m06ZJYB_7001937557)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-143">Explore Azure Resource Manager with a team of experts, who show you scripts and tools that make it easy to spin up or spin down elements of your application infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-143">Explore Azure Resource Manager with a team of experts, who show you scripts and tools that make it easy to spin up or spin down elements of your application infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-144">Explore the use of role-based access control (RBAC) to implement security with Azure Resource Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-144">Explore the use of role-based access control (RBAC) to implement security with Azure Resource Manager.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="af05e-145">Azure Rights Management Services Core Skills</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-145">Azure Rights Management Services Core Skills</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/azure-rights-management-services-core-skills-10500?l=QLoxMwuCB_1805094681)

<span data-ttu-id="af05e-146">Find out why information protection is a "must have" requirement in your organization and how rights management protects your organization's intellectual property, wherever it travels across devices and the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-146">Find out why information protection is a "must have" requirement in your organization and how rights management protects your organization's intellectual property, wherever it travels across devices and the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af05e-147">Get hands-on experience and technical know-how from Microsoft experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af05e-147">Get hands-on experience and technical know-how from Microsoft experts.</span></span>
