---
title: Azure security features that help with identity management | Microsoft Docs
description: " This article provides an overview of the core Azure security features that help with identity management. Microsoft identity and access management solutions help IT protect access to applications and resources across the corporate datacenter and into the cloud, enabling additional levels of validation such as multi-factor authentication and conditional access policies. "
services: security
documentationcenter: na
author: TerryLanfear
manager: MBaldwin
editor: TomSh
ms.assetid: 5aa0a7ac-8f18-4ede-92a1-ae0dfe585e28
ms.service: security
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/09/2017
ms.author: terrylan
ms.openlocfilehash: bb9d08d6164ec01ce1d76fc4a23e782213ecfcd9
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556729"
---
# <a name="azure-identity-management-security-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-104">Azure identity management security overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-104">Azure identity management security overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-105">Microsoft identity and access management solutions help IT protect access to applications and resources across the corporate datacenter and into the cloud, enabling additional levels of validation such as multi-factor authentication and conditional access policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-105">Microsoft identity and access management solutions help IT protect access to applications and resources across the corporate datacenter and into the cloud, enabling additional levels of validation such as multi-factor authentication and conditional access policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-106">Monitoring suspicious activity through advanced security reporting, auditing and alerting helps mitigate potential security issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-106">Monitoring suspicious activity through advanced security reporting, auditing and alerting helps mitigate potential security issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-107">[Azure Active Directory Premium](../active-directory/active-directory-editions.md) provides single sign-on to thousands of cloud (SaaS) apps and access to web apps you run on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-107">[Azure Active Directory Premium](../active-directory/active-directory-editions.md) provides single sign-on to thousands of cloud (SaaS) apps and access to web apps you run on-premises.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-108">Security benefits of Azure Active Directory (AD) include the ability to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-108">Security benefits of Azure Active Directory (AD) include the ability to:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="75555-109">Create and manage a single identity for each user across your hybrid enterprise, keeping users, groups, and devices in sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-109">Create and manage a single identity for each user across your hybrid enterprise, keeping users, groups, and devices in sync</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-110">Provide single sign-on access to your applications including thousands of pre-integrated SaaS apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-110">Provide single sign-on access to your applications including thousands of pre-integrated SaaS apps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-111">Enable application access security by enforcing rules-based Multi-Factor Authentication for both on-premises and cloud applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-111">Enable application access security by enforcing rules-based Multi-Factor Authentication for both on-premises and cloud applications</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-112">Provision secure remote access to on-premises web applications through Azure AD Application Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-112">Provision secure remote access to on-premises web applications through Azure AD Application Proxy</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-113">The goal of this article is to provide an overview of the core Azure security features that help with identity management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-113">The goal of this article is to provide an overview of the core Azure security features that help with identity management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-114">We also provide links to articles that give details of each feature so you can learn more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-114">We also provide links to articles that give details of each feature so you can learn more.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="75555-115">The article focuses on the following core Azure Identity management capabilities:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-115">The article focuses on the following core Azure Identity management capabilities:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="75555-116">Single sign-on</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-116">Single sign-on</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-117">Reverse proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-117">Reverse proxy</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-118">Multi-factor authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-118">Multi-factor authentication</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-119">Security monitoring, alerts, and machine learning-based reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-119">Security monitoring, alerts, and machine learning-based reports</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-120">Consumer identity and access management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-120">Consumer identity and access management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-121">Device registration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-121">Device registration</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-122">Privileged identity management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-122">Privileged identity management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-123">Identity protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-123">Identity protection</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-124">Hybrid identity management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-124">Hybrid identity management</span></span>

## <a name="single-sign-on"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-125">Single sign-on</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-125">Single sign-on</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-126">Single sign-on (SSO) means being able to access all the applications and resources that you need to do business, by signing in only once using a single user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-126">Single sign-on (SSO) means being able to access all the applications and resources that you need to do business, by signing in only once using a single user account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-127">Once signed in, you can access all of the applications you need without being required to authenticate (for example, type a password) a second time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-127">Once signed in, you can access all of the applications you need without being required to authenticate (for example, type a password) a second time.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-128">Many organizations rely upon software as a service (SaaS) applications such as Office 365, Box and Salesforce for end user productivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-128">Many organizations rely upon software as a service (SaaS) applications such as Office 365, Box and Salesforce for end user productivity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-129">Historically, IT staff needed to individually create and update user accounts in each SaaS application, and users had to remember a password for each SaaS application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-129">Historically, IT staff needed to individually create and update user accounts in each SaaS application, and users had to remember a password for each SaaS application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-130">Azure AD extends on-premises Active Directory into the cloud, enabling users to use their primary organizational account to not only sign in to their domain-joined devices and company resources, but also all the web and SaaS applications needed for their job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-130">Azure AD extends on-premises Active Directory into the cloud, enabling users to use their primary organizational account to not only sign in to their domain-joined devices and company resources, but also all the web and SaaS applications needed for their job.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-131">Not only do users not have to manage multiple sets of usernames and passwords, application access can be automatically provisioned or de-provisioned based on organizational groups and their status as an employee.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-131">Not only do users not have to manage multiple sets of usernames and passwords, application access can be automatically provisioned or de-provisioned based on organizational groups and their status as an employee.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-132">Azure AD introduces security and access governance controls that enable you to centrally manage users' access across SaaS applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-132">Azure AD introduces security and access governance controls that enable you to centrally manage users' access across SaaS applications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-133">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-133">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-134">Overview of Single Sign-On</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-134">Overview of Single Sign-On</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/videos/overview-of-single-sign-on/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-135">What is application access and single sign-on with Azure Active Directory?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-135">What is application access and single sign-on with Azure Active Directory?</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-appssoaccess-whatis.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-136">Integrate Azure Active Directory single sign-on with SaaS apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-136">Integrate Azure Active Directory single sign-on with SaaS apps</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-sso-integrate-saas-apps.md)

## <a name="reverse-proxy"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-137">Reverse proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-137">Reverse proxy</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-138">Azure AD Application Proxy lets you publish on-premises applications, such as [SharePoint](https://support.office.com/article/What-is-SharePoint-97b915e6-651b-43b2-827d-fb25777f446f?ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US) sites, [Outlook Web App](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj657718.aspx), and [IIS](http://www.iis.net/)-based apps inside your private network and provides secure access to users outside your network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-138">Azure AD Application Proxy lets you publish on-premises applications, such as [SharePoint](https://support.office.com/article/What-is-SharePoint-97b915e6-651b-43b2-827d-fb25777f446f?ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US) sites, [Outlook Web App](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj657718.aspx), and [IIS](http://www.iis.net/)-based apps inside your private network and provides secure access to users outside your network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-139">Application Proxy provides remote access and single sign-on (SSO) for many types of on-premises web applications with the thousands of SaaS applications that Azure AD supports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-139">Application Proxy provides remote access and single sign-on (SSO) for many types of on-premises web applications with the thousands of SaaS applications that Azure AD supports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-140">Employees can log in to your apps from home on their own devices and authenticate through this cloud-based proxy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-140">Employees can log in to your apps from home on their own devices and authenticate through this cloud-based proxy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-141">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-141">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-142">Enabling Azure AD Application Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-142">Enabling Azure AD Application Proxy</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-enable.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-143">Publish applications using Azure AD Application Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-143">Publish applications using Azure AD Application Proxy</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-publish.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-144">Single-sign-on with Application Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-144">Single-sign-on with Application Proxy</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-sso-using-kcd.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-145">Working with conditional access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-145">Working with conditional access</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-conditional-access.md)

## <a name="multi-factor-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-146">Multi-factor authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-146">Multi-factor authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-147">Azure Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is a method of authentication that requires the use of more than one verification method and adds a critical second layer of security to user sign-ins and transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-147">Azure Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is a method of authentication that requires the use of more than one verification method and adds a critical second layer of security to user sign-ins and transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-148">MFA helps safeguard access to data and applications while meeting user demand for a simple sign-in process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-148">MFA helps safeguard access to data and applications while meeting user demand for a simple sign-in process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-149">It delivers strong authentication via a range of verification options—phone call, text message, or mobile app notification or verification code and third party OAuth tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-149">It delivers strong authentication via a range of verification options—phone call, text message, or mobile app notification or verification code and third party OAuth tokens.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-150">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-150">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-151">Multi-factor authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-151">Multi-factor authentication</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/multi-factor-authentication/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-152">What is Azure Multi-Factor Authentication?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-152">What is Azure Multi-Factor Authentication?</span></span>](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-153">How Azure Multi-Factor Authentication works</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-153">How Azure Multi-Factor Authentication works</span></span>](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-how-it-works.md)

## <a name="security-monitoring-alerts-and-machine-learning-based-reports"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-154">Security monitoring, alerts, and machine learning-based reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-154">Security monitoring, alerts, and machine learning-based reports</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-155">Security monitoring and alerts and machine learning-based reports that identify inconsistent access patterns can help you protect your business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-155">Security monitoring and alerts and machine learning-based reports that identify inconsistent access patterns can help you protect your business.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-156">You can use Azure Active Directory's access and usage reports to gain visibility into the integrity and security of your organization’s directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-156">You can use Azure Active Directory's access and usage reports to gain visibility into the integrity and security of your organization’s directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-157">With this information, a directory admin can better determine where possible security risks may lie so that they can adequately plan to mitigate those risks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-157">With this information, a directory admin can better determine where possible security risks may lie so that they can adequately plan to mitigate those risks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-158">In the Azure classic portal, reports are categorized in the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-158">In the Azure classic portal, reports are categorized in the following ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="75555-159">Anomaly reports – contain sign in events that we found to be anomalous.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-159">Anomaly reports – contain sign in events that we found to be anomalous.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-160">Our goal is to make you aware of such activity and enable you to be able to make a determination about whether an event is suspicious.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-160">Our goal is to make you aware of such activity and enable you to be able to make a determination about whether an event is suspicious.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-161">Integrated Application reports – provide insights into how cloud applications are being used in your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-161">Integrated Application reports – provide insights into how cloud applications are being used in your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-162">Azure Active Directory offers integration with thousands of cloud applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-162">Azure Active Directory offers integration with thousands of cloud applications.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-163">Error reports – indicate errors that may occur when provisioning accounts to external applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-163">Error reports – indicate errors that may occur when provisioning accounts to external applications.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-164">User-specific reports – display device/sign in activity data for a specific user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-164">User-specific reports – display device/sign in activity data for a specific user.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-165">Activity logs – contain a record of all audited events within the last 24 hours, last 7 days, or last 30 days, and group activity changes, and password reset and registration activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-165">Activity logs – contain a record of all audited events within the last 24 hours, last 7 days, or last 30 days, and group activity changes, and password reset and registration activity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-166">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-166">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-167">View your access and usage reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-167">View your access and usage reports</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-view-access-usage-reports.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-168">Getting started with Azure Active Directory Reporting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-168">Getting started with Azure Active Directory Reporting</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-reporting-getting-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-169">Azure Active Directory Reporting Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-169">Azure Active Directory Reporting Guide</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-reporting-guide.md)

## <a name="consumer-identity-and-access-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-170">Consumer identity and access management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-170">Consumer identity and access management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-171">Azure Active Directory B2C is a highly available, global, identity management service for consumer-facing applications that scales to hundreds of millions of identities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-171">Azure Active Directory B2C is a highly available, global, identity management service for consumer-facing applications that scales to hundreds of millions of identities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-172">It can be integrated across mobile and web platforms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-172">It can be integrated across mobile and web platforms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-173">Your consumers can log on to all your applications through customizable experiences by using their existing social accounts or by creating new credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-173">Your consumers can log on to all your applications through customizable experiences by using their existing social accounts or by creating new credentials.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-174">In the past, application developers who wanted to sign up and sign in consumers into their applications would have written their own code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-174">In the past, application developers who wanted to sign up and sign in consumers into their applications would have written their own code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-175">And they would have used on-premises databases or systems to store usernames and passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-175">And they would have used on-premises databases or systems to store usernames and passwords.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-176">Azure Active Directory B2C offers your organization a better way to integrate consumer identity management into applications with the help of a secure, standards-based platform and a large set of extensible policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-176">Azure Active Directory B2C offers your organization a better way to integrate consumer identity management into applications with the help of a secure, standards-based platform and a large set of extensible policies.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-177">When you use Azure Active Directory B2C, your consumers can sign up for your applications by using their existing social accounts (Facebook, Google, Amazon, LinkedIn) or by creating new credentials (email address and password, or username and password).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-177">When you use Azure Active Directory B2C, your consumers can sign up for your applications by using their existing social accounts (Facebook, Google, Amazon, LinkedIn) or by creating new credentials (email address and password, or username and password).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-178">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-178">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-179">What is Azure Active Directory B2C?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-179">What is Azure Active Directory B2C?</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/active-directory-b2c/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-180">Azure Active Directory B2C preview: Sign up and sign in consumers in your applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-180">Azure Active Directory B2C preview: Sign up and sign in consumers in your applications</span></span>](../active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-181">Azure Active Directory B2C Preview: Types of Applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-181">Azure Active Directory B2C Preview: Types of Applications</span></span>](../active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-apps.md)

## <a name="device-registration"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-182">Device registration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-182">Device registration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-183">Azure AD Device Registration is the foundation for device-based [conditional access](../active-directory/active-directory-conditional-access-device-registration-overview.md) scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-183">Azure AD Device Registration is the foundation for device-based [conditional access](../active-directory/active-directory-conditional-access-device-registration-overview.md) scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-184">When a device is registered, Azure Active Directory Device Registration provides the device with an identity that is used to authenticate the device when the user signs in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-184">When a device is registered, Azure Active Directory Device Registration provides the device with an identity that is used to authenticate the device when the user signs in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-185">The authenticated device, and the attributes of the device, can then be used to enforce conditional access policies for applications that are hosted in the cloud and on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-185">The authenticated device, and the attributes of the device, can then be used to enforce conditional access policies for applications that are hosted in the cloud and on-premises.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-186">When combined with a mobile device management (MDM) solution such as Intune, the device attributes in Azure Active Directory are updated with additional information about the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-186">When combined with a mobile device management (MDM) solution such as Intune, the device attributes in Azure Active Directory are updated with additional information about the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-187">This allows you to create conditional access rules that enforce access from devices to meet your standards for security and compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-187">This allows you to create conditional access rules that enforce access from devices to meet your standards for security and compliance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-188">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-188">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-189">Get started with Azure Active Directory Device Registration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-189">Get started with Azure Active Directory Device Registration</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-conditional-access-device-registration-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-190">Automatic device registration with Azure Active Directory for Windows domain-joined devices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-190">Automatic device registration with Azure Active Directory for Windows domain-joined devices</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-conditional-access-automatic-device-registration.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-191">Set up automatic registration of Windows domain-joined devices with Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-191">Set up automatic registration of Windows domain-joined devices with Azure Active Directory</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-conditional-access-automatic-device-registration-setup.md)

## <a name="privileged-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-192">Privileged identity management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-192">Privileged identity management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-193">Azure Active Directory (AD) Privileged Identity Management lets you manage, control, and monitor your privileged identities and access to resources in Azure AD as well as other Microsoft online services like Office 365 or Microsoft Intune.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-193">Azure Active Directory (AD) Privileged Identity Management lets you manage, control, and monitor your privileged identities and access to resources in Azure AD as well as other Microsoft online services like Office 365 or Microsoft Intune.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-194">Sometimes users need to carry out privileged operations in Azure or Office 365 resources, or other SaaS apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-194">Sometimes users need to carry out privileged operations in Azure or Office 365 resources, or other SaaS apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-195">This often means organizations have to give them permanent privileged access in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-195">This often means organizations have to give them permanent privileged access in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-196">This is a growing security risk for cloud-hosted resources because organizations can't sufficiently monitor what those users are doing with their admin privileges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-196">This is a growing security risk for cloud-hosted resources because organizations can't sufficiently monitor what those users are doing with their admin privileges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-197">Additionally, if a user account with privileged access is compromised, that one breach could impact their overall cloud security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-197">Additionally, if a user account with privileged access is compromised, that one breach could impact their overall cloud security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-198">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management helps to resolve this risk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-198">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management helps to resolve this risk.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-199">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management lets you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-199">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management lets you:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="75555-200">See which users are Azure AD admins</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-200">See which users are Azure AD admins</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-201">Enable on-demand, "just in time" administrative access to Microsoft Online Services like Office 365 and Intune</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-201">Enable on-demand, "just in time" administrative access to Microsoft Online Services like Office 365 and Intune</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-202">Get reports about administrator access history and changes in administrator assignments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-202">Get reports about administrator access history and changes in administrator assignments</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="75555-203">Get alerts about access to a privileged role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-203">Get alerts about access to a privileged role</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-204">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-204">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-205">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-205">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-configure.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-206">Roles in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-206">Roles in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-roles.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-207">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management: How to add or remove a user role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-207">Azure AD Privileged Identity Management: How to add or remove a user role</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-how-to-add-role-to-user.md)

## <a name="identity-protection"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-208">Identity protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-208">Identity protection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-209">Azure AD Identity Protection is a security service that provides a consolidated view into risk events and potential vulnerabilities affecting your organization’s identities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-209">Azure AD Identity Protection is a security service that provides a consolidated view into risk events and potential vulnerabilities affecting your organization’s identities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="75555-210">Identity Protection leverages existing Azure Active Directory’s anomaly detection capabilities (available through Azure AD’s Anomalous Activity Reports), and introduces new risk event types that can detect anomalies in real-time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-210">Identity Protection leverages existing Azure Active Directory’s anomaly detection capabilities (available through Azure AD’s Anomalous Activity Reports), and introduces new risk event types that can detect anomalies in real-time.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-211">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-211">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-212">Azure Active Directory Identity Protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-212">Azure Active Directory Identity Protection</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-identityprotection.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-213">Channel 9: Azure AD and Identity Show: Identity Protection Preview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-213">Channel 9: Azure AD and Identity Show: Identity Protection Preview</span></span>](https://channel9.msdn.com/Series/Azure-AD-Identity/Azure-AD-and-Identity-Show-Identity-Protection-Preview)

## <a name="hybrid-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="75555-214">Hybrid identity management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-214">Hybrid identity management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="75555-215">Microsoft’s approach to identity spans on-premises and the cloud, creating a single user identity for authentication and authorization to all resources, regardless of location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-215">Microsoft’s approach to identity spans on-premises and the cloud, creating a single user identity for authentication and authorization to all resources, regardless of location.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="75555-216">Learn more:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-216">Learn more:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-217">Hybrid identity white paper</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-217">Hybrid identity white paper</span></span>](http://download.microsoft.com/download/D/B/A/DBA9E313-B833-48EE-998A-240AA799A8AB/Hybrid_Identity_White_Paper.pdf)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-218">Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-218">Azure Active Directory</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/active-directory/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="75555-219">Active Directory Team Blog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="75555-219">Active Directory Team Blog</span></span>](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/ad/)
