---
title: Use data transforms for data preparation in Azure Machine Learning | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides a complete list of transformations available for Azure Machine Learning data preparation.
services: machine-learning
author: euangMS
ms.author: euang
manager: lanceo
ms.reviewer: jmartens, jasonwhowell, mldocs
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: core
ms.workload: data-services
ms.custom: ''
ms.devlang: ''
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/01/2018
ms.openlocfilehash: c47d9bc72ad1d197b5030076456f9dc9efc422bc
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44870291"
---
# <a name="use-data-transforms-for-data-preparation-in-azure-machine-learning"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-103">Use data transforms for data preparation in Azure Machine Learning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-103">Use data transforms for data preparation in Azure Machine Learning</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-104">A *transform* in Azure Machine Learning consumes data in a given format, performs an operation on the data (such as changing the data type), and then produces data in the new format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-104">A *transform* in Azure Machine Learning consumes data in a given format, performs an operation on the data (such as changing the data type), and then produces data in the new format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-105">Each transform has its own interface and behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-105">Each transform has its own interface and behavior.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-106">By chaining several transforms together via steps in the data flow, you can perform complex and repeatable transformations on your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-106">By chaining several transforms together via steps in the data flow, you can perform complex and repeatable transformations on your data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-107">This is the core of data preparation functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-107">This is the core of data preparation functionality.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-108">The following are the transforms available in Azure Machine Learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-108">The following are the transforms available in Azure Machine Learning.</span></span> 

## <a name="column-selection"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-109">Column selection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-109">Column selection</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-110">Many of the transforms in this list work on either a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-110">Many of the transforms in this list work on either a single column or many.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-111">To select multiple columns, use the Ctrl key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-111">To select multiple columns, use the Ctrl key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-112">To select a range of columns, use the Shift key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-112">To select a range of columns, use the Shift key.</span></span>

## <a name="transforms-from-the-main-menu-or-the-grid-header"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-113">Transforms from the main menu or the grid header</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-113">Transforms from the main menu or the grid header</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-114">Access transforms from the Transforms option on the main menu.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-114">Access transforms from the Transforms option on the main menu.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-115">You can also select transforms by right-clicking the column name in the data grid.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-115">You can also select transforms by right-clicking the column name in the data grid.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-116">If multiple columns are selected, right-clicking any of them provides a transforms menu.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-116">If multiple columns are selected, right-clicking any of them provides a transforms menu.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-117">The right-click menu only shows valid transforms for the data type selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-117">The right-click menu only shows valid transforms for the data type selected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-118">The main menu offers all transforms but disables those not relevant to the selected columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-118">The main menu offers all transforms but disables those not relevant to the selected columns.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-119">A small subset of contextual transforms is available by right-clicking a cell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-119">A small subset of contextual transforms is available by right-clicking a cell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-120">These transforms are Copy, Replace, and Filter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-120">These transforms are Copy, Replace, and Filter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-121">These are data type-aware, so the options for a number column are different than for a string column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-121">These are data type-aware, so the options for a number column are different than for a string column.</span></span>

## <a name="derive-column-by-example"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-122">Derive Column by Example</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-122">Derive Column by Example</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-123">Use this transform to create a new column as a derivative of one or more existing columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-123">Use this transform to create a new column as a derivative of one or more existing columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-124">The transform looks at the input (selected) columns and the example given, and then determines the desired output in the new column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-124">The transform looks at the input (selected) columns and the example given, and then determines the desired output in the new column.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-125">To use this transform, select one or more columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-125">To use this transform, select one or more columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-126">Add a new (blank) derived column by example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-126">Add a new (blank) derived column by example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-127">Type an example of what you want to see in the derived column (assuming it's derived from other columns), and the “By Example” technology attempts to fill in all the other cells in the column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-127">Type an example of what you want to see in the derived column (assuming it's derived from other columns), and the “By Example” technology attempts to fill in all the other cells in the column.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-128">For complicated examples, you might need to provide more than one example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-128">For complicated examples, you might need to provide more than one example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-129">To do this, select another cell and type another example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-129">To do this, select another cell and type another example.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-130">The "By Example" technology uses selected columns to attempt to determine the meaning of an example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-130">The "By Example" technology uses selected columns to attempt to determine the meaning of an example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-131">If no columns are selected when this transform is invoked, then all cells for the current row are used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-131">If no columns are selected when this transform is invoked, then all cells for the current row are used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-132">Selecting only the required columns leads to more accurate results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-132">Selecting only the required columns leads to more accurate results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-133">You can select columns before invoking the transform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-133">You can select columns before invoking the transform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-134">When the transform editor has been opened, check boxes at the top of each column indicate what columns are selected as inputs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-134">When the transform editor has been opened, check boxes at the top of each column indicate what columns are selected as inputs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-135">You can add or remove columns from the selection by using the check boxes in the column headers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-135">You can add or remove columns from the selection by using the check boxes in the column headers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-136">For a more detailed explanation of the **Derived Column by Example** transform, along with more samples, see [Derive Column by Example reference](data-prep-derive-column-by-example.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-136">For a more detailed explanation of the **Derived Column by Example** transform, along with more samples, see [Derive Column by Example reference](data-prep-derive-column-by-example.md).</span></span>  

## <a name="split-column-by-example"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-137">Split Column by Example</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-137">Split Column by Example</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-138">This transform takes an existing column and, by using the “By Example” engine, attempts to split that column into *n* other columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-138">This transform takes an existing column and, by using the “By Example” engine, attempts to split that column into *n* other columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-139">You can run the auto-split on the subsequent generated columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-139">You can run the auto-split on the subsequent generated columns.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-140">For a more detailed explanation of the **Split Column by Example** transform, along with more samples, see [Split Column by Example reference](data-prep-split-column-by-example.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-140">For a more detailed explanation of the **Split Column by Example** transform, along with more samples, see [Split Column by Example reference](data-prep-split-column-by-example.md).</span></span>

## <a name="expand-json"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-141">Expand JSON</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-141">Expand JSON</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-142">This transform enables you to add multiple columns by expanding a column with valid JSON text.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-142">This transform enables you to add multiple columns by expanding a column with valid JSON text.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-143">For a more detailed explanation of the **Expand JSON** transform, along with more samples, see [Expand JSON reference](data-prep-expand-json.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-143">For a more detailed explanation of the **Expand JSON** transform, along with more samples, see [Expand JSON reference](data-prep-expand-json.md).</span></span>


## <a name="combine-columns-by-example"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-144">Combine Columns by Example</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-144">Combine Columns by Example</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-145">This transform adds a new column by combining values from multiple columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-145">This transform adds a new column by combining values from multiple columns.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-146">For a more detailed explanation of the **Combine Columns by Example** transform, along with more samples, see [Combine Columns by Example reference](data-prep-combine-columns-by-example.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-146">For a more detailed explanation of the **Combine Columns by Example** transform, along with more samples, see [Combine Columns by Example reference](data-prep-combine-columns-by-example.md).</span></span>


## <a name="duplicate-column"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-147">Duplicate Column</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-147">Duplicate Column</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-148">This transform makes an exact copy of one or more selected columns and gives each a new name derived from the original column name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-148">This transform makes an exact copy of one or more selected columns and gives each a new name derived from the original column name.</span></span>

## <a name="text-clustering"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-149">Text Clustering</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-149">Text Clustering</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-150">This transform is designed to take inconsistent values that should be the same and group them together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-150">This transform is designed to take inconsistent values that should be the same and group them together.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-151">With this transform, the values in a single column are analyzed for similarity and grouped into clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-151">With this transform, the values in a single column are analyzed for similarity and grouped into clusters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-152">For each cluster, there is a canonical value, which is the value that replaces all instances in the cluster and all instance values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-152">For each cluster, there is a canonical value, which is the value that replaces all instances in the cluster and all instance values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-153">Complete clusters can be removed and the canonical value edited.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-153">Complete clusters can be removed and the canonical value edited.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-154">Instances can be removed from a given cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-154">Instances can be removed from a given cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-155">The similarity score threshold filter that's used to group instances into a cluster can be changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-155">The similarity score threshold filter that's used to group instances into a cluster can be changed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-156">By default, this transform replaces all cluster instance values with the canonical value for that cluster, creating a new column to contain the new values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-156">By default, this transform replaces all cluster instance values with the canonical value for that cluster, creating a new column to contain the new values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-157">You can also add the similarity score for each instance to a new column (that can be named) for use later in the data flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-157">You can also add the similarity score for each instance to a new column (that can be named) for use later in the data flow.</span></span>

## <a name="replace-values"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-158">Replace Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-158">Replace Values</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-159">Use this transform to replace one string with another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-159">Use this transform to replace one string with another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-160">The source string can be a partial string or a full cell, and the replacement can apply to a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-160">The source string can be a partial string or a full cell, and the replacement can apply to a single column or many.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-161">The search string supports searching for special characters as well as for regular characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-161">The search string supports searching for special characters as well as for regular characters.</span></span> 

## <a name="replace-na-values"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-162">Replace NA Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-162">Replace NA Values</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-163">Use this transform to replace the various forms of NA (N/A, NA, null, NaN, etc.), or to replace empty strings with a single value to make them consistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-163">Use this transform to replace the various forms of NA (N/A, NA, null, NaN, etc.), or to replace empty strings with a single value to make them consistent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-164">This transform supports one or many columns, and it's only listed when a column is selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-164">This transform supports one or many columns, and it's only listed when a column is selected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-165">It's not present on the main transform menu when no columns are selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-165">It's not present on the main transform menu when no columns are selected.</span></span>

## <a name="replace-missing-values"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-166">Replace Missing Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-166">Replace Missing Values</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-167">This transform replaces missing data with a single value, and it supports one or many columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-167">This transform replaces missing data with a single value, and it supports one or many columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-168">This transform is only listed when a column is selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-168">This transform is only listed when a column is selected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-169">It's not present on the main transform menu when no columns are selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-169">It's not present on the main transform menu when no columns are selected.</span></span>

## <a name="replace-error-values"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-170">Replace Error Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-170">Replace Error Values</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-171">This transform replaces errors with a single value, and it supports one or many columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-171">This transform replaces errors with a single value, and it supports one or many columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-172">This transform is only listed when a column is selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-172">This transform is only listed when a column is selected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-173">It's not present on the main transform menu when no columns are selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-173">It's not present on the main transform menu when no columns are selected.</span></span>

## <a name="trim-string"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-174">Trim String</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-174">Trim String</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-175">This transform removes leading and trailing "whitespace" characters (including spaces, tabs, etc.) from one or more columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-175">This transform removes leading and trailing "whitespace" characters (including spaces, tabs, etc.) from one or more columns.</span></span>

## <a name="adjust-precision"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-176">Adjust Precision</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-176">Adjust Precision</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-177">This transform sets the number of decimal places for a numeric column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-177">This transform sets the number of decimal places for a numeric column.</span></span>

## <a name="rename-column"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-178">Rename Column</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-178">Rename Column</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-179">This transform changes the name of the selected column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-179">This transform changes the name of the selected column.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-180">You can also invoke it inline in the column header by clicking the name of the column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-180">You can also invoke it inline in the column header by clicking the name of the column.</span></span>

## <a name="remove-column"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-181">Remove Column</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-181">Remove Column</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-182">This transform removes the selected columns, and it works on a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-182">This transform removes the selected columns, and it works on a single column or many.</span></span> 

## <a name="keep-column"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-183">Keep Column</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-183">Keep Column</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-184">This transform keeps only the selected columns, and it works on a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-184">This transform keeps only the selected columns, and it works on a single column or many.</span></span>

## <a name="handle-path-column"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-185">Handle Path Column</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-185">Handle Path Column</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-186">During the import of a file, a path column is automatically added to the data set by the **Add Data Source** feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-186">During the import of a file, a path column is automatically added to the data set by the **Add Data Source** feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-187">It contains the fully qualified filename that forms the path to the data set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-187">It contains the fully qualified filename that forms the path to the data set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-188">This transform either adds or removes that extra column from the data set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-188">This transform either adds or removes that extra column from the data set.</span></span>

## <a name="convert-field-type-to-numeric"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-189">Convert Field Type to Numeric</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-189">Convert Field Type to Numeric</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-190">This transform changes the column type to numeric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-190">This transform changes the column type to numeric.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-191">You can specify the separator for non-integer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-191">You can specify the separator for non-integer data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-192">By default, this transform doesn't prompt for the separator, so use the **Edit** menu item to invoke the editor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-192">By default, this transform doesn't prompt for the separator, so use the **Edit** menu item to invoke the editor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-193">This transform works on a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-193">This transform works on a single column or many.</span></span>

## <a name="convert-field-type-to-date"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-194">Convert Field Type to Date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-194">Convert Field Type to Date</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-195">This transform changes the column type to date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-195">This transform changes the column type to date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-196">A default date/time format is used, but it can be overridden by using `strftime` directives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-196">A default date/time format is used, but it can be overridden by using `strftime` directives.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-197">You can also prepend time values with a fixed date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-197">You can also prepend time values with a fixed date.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-198">By default, this transform doesn't prompt for the format, so use the **Edit** menu item on the resultant step to invoke the editor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-198">By default, this transform doesn't prompt for the format, so use the **Edit** menu item on the resultant step to invoke the editor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-199">This transform works on a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-199">This transform works on a single column or many.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-200">Only dates between 9-22-1677 and 4-11-2262 can be converted to the date type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-200">Only dates between 9-22-1677 and 4-11-2262 can be converted to the date type.</span></span>

## <a name="convert-field-type-to-boolean"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-201">Convert Field Type to Boolean</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-201">Convert Field Type to Boolean</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-202">This transform changes the column type to true/false.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-202">This transform changes the column type to true/false.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-203">It supports mapping multiple values to either true or false, and you can edit these mappings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-203">It supports mapping multiple values to either true or false, and you can edit these mappings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-204">It also supports a constant to which you can map values that don't exist in the true/false mapping tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-204">It also supports a constant to which you can map values that don't exist in the true/false mapping tables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-205">This transform works on a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-205">This transform works on a single column or many.</span></span>

## <a name="convert-field-type-to-string"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-206">Convert Field Type to String</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-206">Convert Field Type to String</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-207">This transform changes the column type to string, and it works on a single column or many.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-207">This transform changes the column type to string, and it works on a single column or many.</span></span>

## <a name="convert-unix-timestamp-to-datetime"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-208">Convert Unix Timestamp to DateTime</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-208">Convert Unix Timestamp to DateTime</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-209">This transform understands the Unix timestamp format, even if it's represented as a string in the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-209">This transform understands the Unix timestamp format, even if it's represented as a string in the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-210">It converts the timestamp correctly to a date type in data preparation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-210">It converts the timestamp correctly to a date type in data preparation.</span></span>

## <a name="filter"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-211">Filter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-211">Filter</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-212">This transform supports filtering of rows based on the values in one or many columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-212">This transform supports filtering of rows based on the values in one or many columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-213">The conditions of the filter depend on the data type of each column, so you can filter string columns by "contains" or "does not contain."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-213">The conditions of the filter depend on the data type of each column, so you can filter string columns by "contains" or "does not contain."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-214">Numeric columns can be filtered by "greater than" or "less than" conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-214">Numeric columns can be filtered by "greater than" or "less than" conditions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-215">When the **Filter** transform is invoked from the main menu, or from right-clicking the header of a column, the option to fork the failing rows into another data flow is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-215">When the **Filter** transform is invoked from the main menu, or from right-clicking the header of a column, the option to fork the failing rows into another data flow is available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-216">The main data flow continues with filtered **in** rows, and a new data flow is created that contains all the rows that were filtered **out**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-216">The main data flow continues with filtered **in** rows, and a new data flow is created that contains all the rows that were filtered **out**.</span></span>

## <a name="use-first-row-as-headers"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-217">Use First Row as Headers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-217">Use First Row as Headers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-218">This transform promotes the first row from the data set to be the column names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-218">This transform promotes the first row from the data set to be the column names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-219">If some columns don't have data in the first row, a name is auto-generated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-219">If some columns don't have data in the first row, a name is auto-generated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-220">Using this transform means that the import of data starts at row 2 at the earliest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-220">Using this transform means that the import of data starts at row 2 at the earliest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-221">Depending on the **Skip Rows** setting, the import can start even further down in the data set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-221">Depending on the **Skip Rows** setting, the import can start even further down in the data set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-222">You can also use it to remove the promotion and to use auto-generated names only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-222">You can also use it to remove the promotion and to use auto-generated names only.</span></span>

## <a name="join"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-223">Join</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-223">Join</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-224">This transform is used to join two data flows together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-224">This transform is used to join two data flows together.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-225">You can select which output of the join to be the result: the successful rows from the join, the "left" failing rows from the join, or the "right" failing rows from the join.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-225">You can select which output of the join to be the result: the successful rows from the join, the "left" failing rows from the join, or the "right" failing rows from the join.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-226">The **Join** transform starts from a single data flow and selects that data flow as one side of the join.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-226">The **Join** transform starts from a single data flow and selects that data flow as one side of the join.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-227">It then prompts you to select another data flow for the other side of the join.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-227">It then prompts you to select another data flow for the other side of the join.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-228">After you've selected the two flows, the transform requires a single column on each side of the join to be selected to join on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-228">After you've selected the two flows, the transform requires a single column on each side of the join to be selected to join on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-229">If the join needs more than one column, create a derived column before starting the transform to create a new, concatenated column to be used only for the join.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-229">If the join needs more than one column, create a derived column before starting the transform to create a new, concatenated column to be used only for the join.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-230">The transform attempts to suggest join keys and, if possible, generate the derived column automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-230">The transform attempts to suggest join keys and, if possible, generate the derived column automatically.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-231">After the join has been completed, a Sankey diagram view of the join is presented.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-231">After the join has been completed, a Sankey diagram view of the join is presented.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-232">The width of the lines relative to each other represents the number of rows moving through that part of the join flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-232">The width of the lines relative to each other represents the number of rows moving through that part of the join flow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-233">Using the panel on the right, you can select the successful rows, the left failing rows, or the right failing rows exclusively.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-233">Using the panel on the right, you can select the successful rows, the left failing rows, or the right failing rows exclusively.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-234">You can also choose a single branch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-234">You can also choose a single branch.</span></span>

## <a name="append-rows"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-235">Append Rows</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-235">Append Rows</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-236">This transform appends data from another data flow to the current one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-236">This transform appends data from another data flow to the current one.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-237">It maps the columns by position to add the new rows at the end.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-237">It maps the columns by position to add the new rows at the end.</span></span>

## <a name="append-columns"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-238">Append Columns</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-238">Append Columns</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-239">This transform appends new columns from another data flow to the current one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-239">This transform appends new columns from another data flow to the current one.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-240">It adds the new columns to the right.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-240">It adds the new columns to the right.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-241">It doesn't attempt to line up data in rows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-241">It doesn't attempt to line up data in rows.</span></span>

## <a name="summarize"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-242">Summarize</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-242">Summarize</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-243">This transform computes aggregates for the combination of unique values in one or more selected columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-243">This transform computes aggregates for the combination of unique values in one or more selected columns.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-244">The aggregates supported are: COUNT, SUM, MIN, MAX, MEAN, VARIANCE, and STANDARD DEVIATION.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-244">The aggregates supported are: COUNT, SUM, MIN, MAX, MEAN, VARIANCE, and STANDARD DEVIATION.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-245">The list of aggregates for a given column is filtered to only the aggregates that apply to the data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-245">The list of aggregates for a given column is filtered to only the aggregates that apply to the data type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-246">Aggregates that do not apply are disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-246">Aggregates that do not apply are disabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-247">For example, it's not possible to compute the MEAN of a string column, but it's possible to compute the MIN and the MAX.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-247">For example, it's not possible to compute the MEAN of a string column, but it's possible to compute the MIN and the MAX.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-248">When the editor is available, drag from the column header up into the panel at the top left, where the columns to be aggregated are displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-248">When the editor is available, drag from the column header up into the panel at the top left, where the columns to be aggregated are displayed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-249">This panel is hierarchical, so you can do nested aggregates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-249">This panel is hierarchical, so you can do nested aggregates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-250">The editor panel at the top right is used to select which aggregate to apply to a column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-250">The editor panel at the top right is used to select which aggregate to apply to a column.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-251">A single column can be aggregated one or more times.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-251">A single column can be aggregated one or more times.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-252">After at least one aggregate has been chosen, the grid at the bottom right previews the data in its aggregate form.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-252">After at least one aggregate has been chosen, the grid at the bottom right previews the data in its aggregate form.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-253">This transform is analogous to an `ANSI-SQL GROUP BY`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-253">This transform is analogous to an `ANSI-SQL GROUP BY`.</span></span>

## <a name="remove-duplicates"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-254">Remove Duplicates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-254">Remove Duplicates</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-255">This transform removes the entire row when there are duplicate values in one or more selected columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-255">This transform removes the entire row when there are duplicate values in one or more selected columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-256">If no columns are chosen, the only rows removed are ones where all the column values are the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-256">If no columns are chosen, the only rows removed are ones where all the column values are the same.</span></span>

## <a name="sort"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-257">Sort</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-257">Sort</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-258">This transform sorts the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-258">This transform sorts the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-259">The sort can be done by a single column or many, and each column can be sorted ascending (the default) or descending (which can be changed from the editor).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-259">The sort can be done by a single column or many, and each column can be sorted ascending (the default) or descending (which can be changed from the editor).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-260">This transform is analogous to an `ANSI-SQL ORDER BY`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-260">This transform is analogous to an `ANSI-SQL ORDER BY`.</span></span>

## <a name="output-transforms"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-261">Output transforms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-261">Output transforms</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-262">The following transforms output data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-262">The following transforms output data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-263">You can have multiple write blocks in a single flow to write out the data at different points.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-263">You can have multiple write blocks in a single flow to write out the data at different points.</span></span>

### <a name="write-to-csv"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-264">Write to CSV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-264">Write to CSV</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-265">This transform writes out the data in CSV form from the current point in the data flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-265">This transform writes out the data in CSV form from the current point in the data flow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-266">It controls the location (local or remote) and various settings around the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-266">It controls the location (local or remote) and various settings around the file.</span></span>

### <a name="write-to-parquet"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-267">Write to Parquet</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-267">Write to Parquet</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-268">This transform writes out the data in Parquet form from the current point in the data flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-268">This transform writes out the data in Parquet form from the current point in the data flow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-269">It controls the location (local or remote) and various settings around the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-269">It controls the location (local or remote) and various settings around the file.</span></span>

## <a name="script-based-transforms"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-270">Script-based transforms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-270">Script-based transforms</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-271">The following transforms use script (Python) to perform functionality that's missing in the core product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-271">The following transforms use script (Python) to perform functionality that's missing in the core product.</span></span> 

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-272">Before you use any of these transforms, read [Using Python extensibility](data-prep-python-extensibility-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-272">Before you use any of these transforms, read [Using Python extensibility](data-prep-python-extensibility-overview.md).</span></span>

### <a name="add-column-script"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-273">Add Column (script)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-273">Add Column (script)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-274">This transform adds a column to the data using a Python expression.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-274">This transform adds a column to the data using a Python expression.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-275">For more information, see [Sample Python code for deriving new columns](data-prep-appendix10-sample-custom-column-transforms-python.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-275">For more information, see [Sample Python code for deriving new columns](data-prep-appendix10-sample-custom-column-transforms-python.md).</span></span>

### <a name="advanced-filter-script"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-276">Advanced Filter (script)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-276">Advanced Filter (script)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-277">Use this transform to write a Python row level filter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-277">Use this transform to write a Python row level filter.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-278">For more information, see [Example filter expressions](data-prep-appendix6-sample-filter-expressions-python.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-278">For more information, see [Example filter expressions](data-prep-appendix6-sample-filter-expressions-python.md).</span></span>

### <a name="transform-dataflow-script"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-279">Transform Dataflow (script)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-279">Transform Dataflow (script)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-280">This transform applies Python to the entire data set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-280">This transform applies Python to the entire data set.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-281">For more information, see [Example transform data flow transformations](data-prep-appendix7-sample-transform-data-flow-python.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-281">For more information, see [Example transform data flow transformations](data-prep-appendix7-sample-transform-data-flow-python.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-282">This transform also can apply Python to an entire data partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-282">This transform also can apply Python to an entire data partition.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-283">For more information, see [Example transform data flow transformations](data-prep-appendix7-sample-transform-data-flow-python.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-283">For more information, see [Example transform data flow transformations](data-prep-appendix7-sample-transform-data-flow-python.md).</span></span>

### <a name="write-dataflow-script"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-284">Write Dataflow (script)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-284">Write Dataflow (script)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-285">This transform uses Python to write out an entire data set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-285">This transform uses Python to write out an entire data set.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe3bd-286">For more information, see [Sample Python for deriving new columns](data-prep-appendix9-sample-destination-connections-python.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe3bd-286">For more information, see [Sample Python for deriving new columns](data-prep-appendix9-sample-destination-connections-python.md).</span></span>



