---
title: Azure Machine Learning 2017 Preview FAQ | Microsoft Docs
description: This article contains commonly asked questions and answers for Azure Machine Learning preview features
services: machine-learning
author: serinakaye
ms.author: serinak
manager: mwinkle
ms.reviewer: jmartens, jasonwhowell, mldocs
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: core
ms.workload: data-services
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 08/30/2017
ms.openlocfilehash: 94a1f3bbba83e8e71cf9440b5ded0784f4616c99
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44864983"
---
# <a name="azure-machine-learning-frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="16354-103">Azure Machine Learning frequently asked questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-103">Azure Machine Learning frequently asked questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-104">Azure Machine Learning is a fully managed Azure service that allows you to create, test, manage, and deploy machine learning and AI models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-104">Azure Machine Learning is a fully managed Azure service that allows you to create, test, manage, and deploy machine learning and AI models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-105">Our services and downloadable application offer a code-first approach that leverages the cloud, on-premises, and edge to provide the train, deploy, manage, and monitor models with power, speed, and flexibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-105">Our services and downloadable application offer a code-first approach that leverages the cloud, on-premises, and edge to provide the train, deploy, manage, and monitor models with power, speed, and flexibility.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-106">Alternatively, Azure Machine Learning Studio offers a browser-based, visual drag-and-drop authoring environment where no coding is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-106">Alternatively, Azure Machine Learning Studio offers a browser-based, visual drag-and-drop authoring environment where no coding is required.</span></span> 

## <a name="general-product-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="16354-107">General product questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-107">General product questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-108">**What other Azure services are required?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-108">**What other Azure services are required?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-109">Azure Blob Storage and Azure Container Registry are used by Azure Machine Learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-109">Azure Blob Storage and Azure Container Registry are used by Azure Machine Learning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-110">In addition, you will need to provision compute resources such as a Data Science VM or HDInsight cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-110">In addition, you will need to provision compute resources such as a Data Science VM or HDInsight cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-111">Compute and hosting are also required when deploying your web services, such as [Azure Container Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-111">Compute and hosting are also required when deploying your web services, such as [Azure Container Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-112">**How does Azure Machine Learning relate to Microsoft Machine Learning Services in SQL Server 2017?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-112">**How does Azure Machine Learning relate to Microsoft Machine Learning Services in SQL Server 2017?**</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="16354-113">Machine Learning Services in SQL Server 2017 is an extensible, scalable platform for integrating machine learning tasks into database workflows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-113">Machine Learning Services in SQL Server 2017 is an extensible, scalable platform for integrating machine learning tasks into database workflows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-114">It is a perfect fit for scenarios where an on-premises solution is required, for example where data movement is expensive or untenable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-114">It is a perfect fit for scenarios where an on-premises solution is required, for example where data movement is expensive or untenable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-115">In contrast, cloud or hybrid workloads are a great fit for our new Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-115">In contrast, cloud or hybrid workloads are a great fit for our new Azure services.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-116">**Do you support both Python and R? What about other programming languages like C++**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-116">**Do you support both Python and R? What about other programming languages like C++**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-117">We currently support Python only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-117">We currently support Python only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-118">We are working on R integration and expect to have it available soon.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-118">We are working on R integration and expect to have it available soon.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-119">**How does Azure Machine Learning relate to Microsoft Machine Learning for Spark?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-119">**How does Azure Machine Learning relate to Microsoft Machine Learning for Spark?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-120">MMLSpark provides deep learning and data science tools for Apache Spark, with emphasis on productivity, ease of experimentation and state-of-the-art algorithms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-120">MMLSpark provides deep learning and data science tools for Apache Spark, with emphasis on productivity, ease of experimentation and state-of-the-art algorithms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-121">MMLSpark offers integration of Spark Machine Learning pipelines with the Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit and OpenCV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-121">MMLSpark offers integration of Spark Machine Learning pipelines with the Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit and OpenCV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-122">You can create powerful, highly scalable predictive, and analytical models for image and text data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-122">You can create powerful, highly scalable predictive, and analytical models for image and text data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-123">MMLSpark is available under an open-source license and is included in AML Workbench as a set of consumable models and algorithms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-123">MMLSpark is available under an open-source license and is included in AML Workbench as a set of consumable models and algorithms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-124">For more information on MMLSpark, visit our product documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-124">For more information on MMLSpark, visit our product documentation.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-125">**Which versions of Spark are supported by the new tools and services?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-125">**Which versions of Spark are supported by the new tools and services?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-126">Workbench currently includes and supports MMLSpark version 0.8, which is compatible with Apache Spark 2.1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-126">Workbench currently includes and supports MMLSpark version 0.8, which is compatible with Apache Spark 2.1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-127">You also have an option to use GPU-enabled Docker image of MMLSpark 0.8 on Linux virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-127">You also have an option to use GPU-enabled Docker image of MMLSpark 0.8 on Linux virtual machines.</span></span>

## <a name="experimentation-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="16354-128">Experimentation Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-128">Experimentation Service</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-129">**What is the Azure Machine Learning Experimentation Service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-129">**What is the Azure Machine Learning Experimentation Service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-130">The Experimentation Service is a managed Azure service that takes machine learning experimentation to the next level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-130">The Experimentation Service is a managed Azure service that takes machine learning experimentation to the next level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-131">Experiments can be built locally or in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-131">Experiments can be built locally or in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-132">Rapidly prototype on a desktop, then scale to virtual machines or Spark clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-132">Rapidly prototype on a desktop, then scale to virtual machines or Spark clusters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-133">Azure VMs with the latest GPU technology allow you to engage in deep learning quickly and effectively.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-133">Azure VMs with the latest GPU technology allow you to engage in deep learning quickly and effectively.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-134">We’ve also included deep integration with Git so you can plug easily into existing workflows for code tracking, configuration, and collaboration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-134">We’ve also included deep integration with Git so you can plug easily into existing workflows for code tracking, configuration, and collaboration.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-135">**How will I be charged for the Experimentation Service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-135">**How will I be charged for the Experimentation Service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-136">The first two users associated with your Azure Machine Learning Experimentation Service are free.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-136">The first two users associated with your Azure Machine Learning Experimentation Service are free.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-137">Additional users will be charged at the Public Preview rate of $50 / month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-137">Additional users will be charged at the Public Preview rate of $50 / month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-138">For more information on pricing and billing, visit our Pricing page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-138">For more information on pricing and billing, visit our Pricing page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-139">**Will I be charged based on how many experiments I run?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-139">**Will I be charged based on how many experiments I run?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-140">No, the Experimentation Service allows as many experiments as you need and charges only based on the number of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-140">No, the Experimentation Service allows as many experiments as you need and charges only based on the number of users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-141">Experimentation compute resources are charged separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-141">Experimentation compute resources are charged separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-142">We encourage you to perform multiple experiments so you can find the best fitting model for your solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-142">We encourage you to perform multiple experiments so you can find the best fitting model for your solution.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="16354-143">**What specific kinds of compute and storage resources can I use?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-143">**What specific kinds of compute and storage resources can I use?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-144">The Experimentation service can execute your experiments on local machines (direct or Docker-based), [Azure Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/), and [HDInsight](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hdinsight/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-144">The Experimentation service can execute your experiments on local machines (direct or Docker-based), [Azure Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/), and [HDInsight](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hdinsight/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-145">The service also accesses an [Azure Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/storage/) account for storing execution outputs and can leverage a [Visual Studio Team Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/visual-studio-team-services/) account for version-control and Git storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-145">The service also accesses an [Azure Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/storage/) account for storing execution outputs and can leverage a [Visual Studio Team Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/visual-studio-team-services/) account for version-control and Git storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-146">Note that you will be billed independently for any consumed compute and storage resources, based upon their individual pricing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-146">Note that you will be billed independently for any consumed compute and storage resources, based upon their individual pricing.</span></span>  


## <a name="model-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="16354-147">Model Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-147">Model Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-148">**What is Azure Machine Learning Model Management?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-148">**What is Azure Machine Learning Model Management?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-149">Azure Machine Learning Model Management is a managed Azure service that allows data scientists and dev-ops teams to deploy predictive models reliably into a wide variety of environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-149">Azure Machine Learning Model Management is a managed Azure service that allows data scientists and dev-ops teams to deploy predictive models reliably into a wide variety of environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-150">Git repositories and Docker containers provide traceability and repeatability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-150">Git repositories and Docker containers provide traceability and repeatability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-151">Models can be deployed reliably in the cloud, on-premises, or edge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-151">Models can be deployed reliably in the cloud, on-premises, or edge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-152">Once in production, you can manage model performance, then proactively retrain if performance degrades.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-152">Once in production, you can manage model performance, then proactively retrain if performance degrades.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-153">You can deploy models on local machines, to [Azure VMs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/), Spark on [HDInsight](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hdinsight/) or Kubernetes-orchestrated [Azure Container Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/container-service/) clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-153">You can deploy models on local machines, to [Azure VMs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/), Spark on [HDInsight](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hdinsight/) or Kubernetes-orchestrated [Azure Container Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/container-service/) clusters.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="16354-154">**What is a "model"?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-154">**What is a "model"?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-155">A model is the output of an experimentation run that has been promoted for model management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-155">A model is the output of an experimentation run that has been promoted for model management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-156">A model that is registered in the hosting account is counted against your plan, including models updated through retraining or version iteration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-156">A model that is registered in the hosting account is counted against your plan, including models updated through retraining or version iteration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-157">**What is a "managed model?"**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-157">**What is a "managed model?"**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-158">A model is the output of a training process and is the application of a machine learning algorithm to training data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-158">A model is the output of a training process and is the application of a machine learning algorithm to training data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-159">Model Management enables you to deploy models as web services, manage various versions of your models, and monitor their performance and metrics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-159">Model Management enables you to deploy models as web services, manage various versions of your models, and monitor their performance and metrics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-160">"Managed" models have been registered with an Azure Machine Learning Model Management account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-160">"Managed" models have been registered with an Azure Machine Learning Model Management account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-161">As an example, consider a scenario where you are trying to forecast sales.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-161">As an example, consider a scenario where you are trying to forecast sales.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-162">During the experimentation phase, you generate many models by using different data sets or algorithms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-162">During the experimentation phase, you generate many models by using different data sets or algorithms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-163">You have generated four models with varying accuracies but choose to register only the model with the highest accuracy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-163">You have generated four models with varying accuracies but choose to register only the model with the highest accuracy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-164">The model that is registered becomes your first managed model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-164">The model that is registered becomes your first managed model.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="16354-165">**What is a "deployment?"**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-165">**What is a "deployment?"**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-166">Model Management allows you to deploy models as packaged web service containers in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-166">Model Management allows you to deploy models as packaged web service containers in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-167">These web services can be invoked using REST APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-167">These web services can be invoked using REST APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-168">Each web service is counted as a single deployment, and the total number of active deployments are counted towards your plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-168">Each web service is counted as a single deployment, and the total number of active deployments are counted towards your plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-169">Using the sales forecasting example, when you deploy your best performing model, your plan is incremented by one deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-169">Using the sales forecasting example, when you deploy your best performing model, your plan is incremented by one deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-170">If you then retrain and deploy another version, you have two deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-170">If you then retrain and deploy another version, you have two deployments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-171">If you determine that the newer model is better, and delete the original, your deployment count is decremented by one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-171">If you determine that the newer model is better, and delete the original, your deployment count is decremented by one.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="16354-172">**What specific compute resources are available for my deployments?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-172">**What specific compute resources are available for my deployments?**</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-173">Model Management can run your deployments as Docker containers registered to [Azure Container Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/container-service/), as [Azure Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/), or on local machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-173">Model Management can run your deployments as Docker containers registered to [Azure Container Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/container-service/), as [Azure Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/), or on local machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-174">Additional deployment targets will be added shortly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-174">Additional deployment targets will be added shortly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-175">Note that you will be billed independently for any consumed compute resources, based upon their individual pricing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-175">Note that you will be billed independently for any consumed compute resources, based upon their individual pricing.</span></span>     

<span data-ttu-id="16354-176">**Can I use the Azure Machine Learning Model Management to deploy models built using tools other than the Experimentation Service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-176">**Can I use the Azure Machine Learning Model Management to deploy models built using tools other than the Experimentation Service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-177">You get the best experience when you deploy models created using the Experimentation Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-177">You get the best experience when you deploy models created using the Experimentation Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-178">However, you can deploy models built using other frameworks and tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-178">However, you can deploy models built using other frameworks and tools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-179">We support a variety of models including  MMLSpark, TensorFlow, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, scikit-learn, Keras, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-179">We support a variety of models including  MMLSpark, TensorFlow, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, scikit-learn, Keras, etc.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-180">**Can I use my own Azure resources?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-180">**Can I use my own Azure resources?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-181">Yes, the Experimentation Service and Model Management work in conjunction with multiple Azure data stores, compute workloads, and other services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-181">Yes, the Experimentation Service and Model Management work in conjunction with multiple Azure data stores, compute workloads, and other services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-182">Refer to our technical documentation for further details on required Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-182">Refer to our technical documentation for further details on required Azure services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-183">**Do you support both on-premises and cloud deployment scenarios?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-183">**Do you support both on-premises and cloud deployment scenarios?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-184">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-184">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-185">We support on-premises and cloud deployment scenarios via Docker containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-185">We support on-premises and cloud deployment scenarios via Docker containers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-186">Local execution targets include: single-node Docker deployments, [Microsoft SQL Server with ML Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/r/r-services), Hadoop, or Spark.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-186">Local execution targets include: single-node Docker deployments, [Microsoft SQL Server with ML Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/r/r-services), Hadoop, or Spark.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-187">We also support cloud deployments via Docker, including: clustered deployments via Azure Container Service and Kubernetes, HDInsight, or Spark clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-187">We also support cloud deployments via Docker, including: clustered deployments via Azure Container Service and Kubernetes, HDInsight, or Spark clusters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-188">Edge scenarios are supported via Docker containers and Azure IOT Edge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-188">Edge scenarios are supported via Docker containers and Azure IOT Edge.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-189">**Can I run a Docker image that was created using the Azure Machine Learning CLI on another host?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-189">**Can I run a Docker image that was created using the Azure Machine Learning CLI on another host?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-190">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-190">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-191">You can use the image as a web service on any docker host as long as host has sufficient compute resources for hosting the docker image.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-191">You can use the image as a web service on any docker host as long as host has sufficient compute resources for hosting the docker image.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-192">**Do you support retraining of deployed models?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-192">**Do you support retraining of deployed models?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-193">Yes, you can deploy multiple versions of the same model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-193">Yes, you can deploy multiple versions of the same model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-194">Model Management will support  service updates for all updated models and images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-194">Model Management will support  service updates for all updated models and images.</span></span>

## <a name="workbench"></a><span data-ttu-id="16354-195">Workbench</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-195">Workbench</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-196">**What is the Azure Machine Learning Workbench?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-196">**What is the Azure Machine Learning Workbench?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-197">The Azure Machine Learning Workbench is a companion application built for professional data scientists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-197">The Azure Machine Learning Workbench is a companion application built for professional data scientists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-198">Available for Windows and Mac, the Machine Learning Workbench provides overview, management, and control for machine learning solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-198">Available for Windows and Mac, the Machine Learning Workbench provides overview, management, and control for machine learning solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-199">The Machine Learning Workbench includes access to cutting edge AI frameworks from both Microsoft and the open source community.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-199">The Machine Learning Workbench includes access to cutting edge AI frameworks from both Microsoft and the open source community.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-200">We've included the most popular data science toolkits, including TensorFlow, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, Spark ML, scikit-learn and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-200">We've included the most popular data science toolkits, including TensorFlow, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, Spark ML, scikit-learn and more.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-201">We’ve also enabled integration with popular data science IDEs such as Jupyter notebooks, PyCharm, and Visual Studio Code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-201">We’ve also enabled integration with popular data science IDEs such as Jupyter notebooks, PyCharm, and Visual Studio Code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-202">The Machine Learning Workbench has built-in data preparation capabilities to rapidly sample, understand, and prepare data, whether structured or unstructured.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-202">The Machine Learning Workbench has built-in data preparation capabilities to rapidly sample, understand, and prepare data, whether structured or unstructured.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-203">Our new data preparation tool, called [PROSE](https://microsoft.github.io/prose/), is built on cutting-edge technology from Microsoft Research.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-203">Our new data preparation tool, called [PROSE](https://microsoft.github.io/prose/), is built on cutting-edge technology from Microsoft Research.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="16354-204">**Is Workbench an IDE?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-204">**Is Workbench an IDE?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-205">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-205">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-206">The Machine Learning Workbench has been designed as a companion to popular IDEs such as Jupyter Notebooks, Visual Studio Code, and PyCharm but it is not a fully functional IDE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-206">The Machine Learning Workbench has been designed as a companion to popular IDEs such as Jupyter Notebooks, Visual Studio Code, and PyCharm but it is not a fully functional IDE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-207">The Machine Learning Workbench offers some basic text editing capabilities, but debugging, intellisense and other commonly used IDE capabilities are not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-207">The Machine Learning Workbench offers some basic text editing capabilities, but debugging, intellisense and other commonly used IDE capabilities are not supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-208">We recommend that you use your favorite IDE for code development, editing and debugging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-208">We recommend that you use your favorite IDE for code development, editing and debugging.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-209">You may also wish to try [Visual Studio Code Tools for AI](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/ai-tools-vscode).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-209">You may also wish to try [Visual Studio Code Tools for AI](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/ai-tools-vscode).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-210">**Is there a charge for using the Azure Machine Learning Workbench?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-210">**Is there a charge for using the Azure Machine Learning Workbench?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-211">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-211">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-212">Azure Machine Learning Workbench is a free application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-212">Azure Machine Learning Workbench is a free application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-213">You can download it on as many machines, and for as many users, as you need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-213">You can download it on as many machines, and for as many users, as you need.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-214">In order to use the Azure Machine Learning Workbench, you must have an Experimentation account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-214">In order to use the Azure Machine Learning Workbench, you must have an Experimentation account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-215">.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-215">.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="16354-216">**Do you support command-line capabilities?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-216">**Do you support command-line capabilities?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-217">Yes, Azure Machine Learning offers a full CLI interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-217">Yes, Azure Machine Learning offers a full CLI interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-218">The Machine Learning CLI is installed by default with the Azure Machine Learning Workbench.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-218">The Machine Learning CLI is installed by default with the Azure Machine Learning Workbench.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-219">It is also provided as part of the Linux Data Science virtual machine on Azure and will be integrated into the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure?view=azure-cli-latest)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-219">It is also provided as part of the Linux Data Science virtual machine on Azure and will be integrated into the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure?view=azure-cli-latest)</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="16354-220">**Can I use Jupyter Notebooks with Workbench?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-220">**Can I use Jupyter Notebooks with Workbench?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-221">Yes!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-221">Yes!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-222">You can run Jupyter notebooks in Workbench, with Workbench as the client hosting application, just as you would use a browser as a client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-222">You can run Jupyter notebooks in Workbench, with Workbench as the client hosting application, just as you would use a browser as a client.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-223">**Which Jupyter Notebook kernels are supported?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-223">**Which Jupyter Notebook kernels are supported?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-224">The current version of Jupyter included with Workbench launches a Python 3 kernel, and an additional kernel for each "runconfig" file in your aml_config folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-224">The current version of Jupyter included with Workbench launches a Python 3 kernel, and an additional kernel for each "runconfig" file in your aml_config folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-225">Supported configurations include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-225">Supported configurations include:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-226">Local Python</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-226">Local Python</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-227">Python in local or remote Docker</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-227">Python in local or remote Docker</span></span>

## <a name="data-formats-and-capabilities"></a><span data-ttu-id="16354-228">Data formats and capabilities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-228">Data formats and capabilities</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-229">**Which file formats are currently supported for data ingestion in Workbench?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-229">**Which file formats are currently supported for data ingestion in Workbench?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-230">The data preparation tools in Workbench currently support ingestion from the following formats:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-230">The data preparation tools in Workbench currently support ingestion from the following formats:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-231">Delimited files such as CSV, TSV, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-231">Delimited files such as CSV, TSV, etc.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-232">Fixed width files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-232">Fixed width files</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-233">Plain text files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-233">Plain text files</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-234">Excel (.xls/xlsx)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-234">Excel (.xls/xlsx)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-235">JSON files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-235">JSON files</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-236">Parquet files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-236">Parquet files</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-237">Custom files (scripts) If your solution requires data ingestion from additional sources, Python code can be used to...</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-237">Custom files (scripts) If your solution requires data ingestion from additional sources, Python code can be used to...</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-238">**Which data storage locations are currently supported?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-238">**Which data storage locations are currently supported?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-239">For public preview, Workbench supports data ingestion from:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-239">For public preview, Workbench supports data ingestion from:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-240">Local hard drive or mapped network storage location</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-240">Local hard drive or mapped network storage location</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-241">Azure BLOB or Azure Storage (requires an Azure subscription)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-241">Azure BLOB or Azure Storage (requires an Azure subscription)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-242">Azure SQL Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-242">Azure SQL Server</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="16354-243">Microsoft SQL Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-243">Microsoft SQL Server</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="16354-244">**What kinds of data wrangling, preparation, and transformations are available?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-244">**What kinds of data wrangling, preparation, and transformations are available?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-245">For public preview, Workbench supports “Derive Column by Example”, “Split Column by Example”, “Text Clustering”, “Handle Missing Values” and many others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-245">For public preview, Workbench supports “Derive Column by Example”, “Split Column by Example”, “Text Clustering”, “Handle Missing Values” and many others.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="16354-246">Workbench also supports data type conversion, data aggregation (COUNT, MEAN, VARIANCE, etc.), and complex data joins.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-246">Workbench also supports data type conversion, data aggregation (COUNT, MEAN, VARIANCE, etc.), and complex data joins.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-247">For a full list of supported capabilities, visit our product documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-247">For a full list of supported capabilities, visit our product documentation.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="16354-248">**Are there any data size limits enforced by Azure Machine Learning Workbench, Experimentation, or Model Management?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-248">**Are there any data size limits enforced by Azure Machine Learning Workbench, Experimentation, or Model Management?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-249">No, the new services do not impose any data limitations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-249">No, the new services do not impose any data limitations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-250">However, there are limitations introduced by the environment in which you are performing your data preparation, model training, experimentation, or deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-250">However, there are limitations introduced by the environment in which you are performing your data preparation, model training, experimentation, or deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-251">For example, if you are targeting a local environment for training, you are limited by the available space in your hard drive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-251">For example, if you are targeting a local environment for training, you are limited by the available space in your hard drive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-252">Alternatively, if you are targeting HDInsight, you are limited by any associated size or compute restraints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-252">Alternatively, if you are targeting HDInsight, you are limited by any associated size or compute restraints.</span></span> 

## <a name="algorithms-and-libraries"></a><span data-ttu-id="16354-253">Algorithms and libraries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-253">Algorithms and libraries</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-254">**What algorithms are supported in Azure Machine Learning Workbench?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-254">**What algorithms are supported in Azure Machine Learning Workbench?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-255">Our preview products and services include the best of the open source community.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-255">Our preview products and services include the best of the open source community.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-256">We support a wide range of algorithms and libraries including TensorFlow, scikit-learn, Apache Spark, and the Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-256">We support a wide range of algorithms and libraries including TensorFlow, scikit-learn, Apache Spark, and the Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-257">The Azure Machine Learning Workbench also packages the [Microsoft revoscalepy](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/python/what-is-revoscalepy) package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-257">The Azure Machine Learning Workbench also packages the [Microsoft revoscalepy](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/python/what-is-revoscalepy) package.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-258">**How does Azure Machine Learning relate to the Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-258">**How does Azure Machine Learning relate to the Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="16354-259">The [Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/cognitive-toolkit/) is one of many frameworks supported by our new tools and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-259">The [Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/cognitive-toolkit/) is one of many frameworks supported by our new tools and services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-260">The Cognitive Toolkit is a unified deep-learning toolkit that allows you to consume and combine popular machine learning models including Feed-Forward Deep Neural Networks, Convolutional Nets, Sequence-to-Sequence, and Recurrent Networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-260">The Cognitive Toolkit is a unified deep-learning toolkit that allows you to consume and combine popular machine learning models including Feed-Forward Deep Neural Networks, Convolutional Nets, Sequence-to-Sequence, and Recurrent Networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="16354-261">For more information on Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, visit our [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/cognitive-toolkit/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="16354-261">For more information on Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, visit our [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/cognitive-toolkit/).</span></span> 