---
title: Overview of Contoso migration to Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Provides an overview of the migration strategy and scenarios used by Contoso to migrate their on-premises datacenter to Azure.
author: rayne-wiselman
ms.service: azure-migrate
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 09/05/2018
ms.author: raynew
ms.openlocfilehash: 1a86f12fddf9b18700f2c4a2aff840512dfe4a6f
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44868233"
---
# <a name="contoso-migration-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-103">Contoso migration: Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-103">Contoso migration: Overview</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-104">This article demonstrates how the fictitious organization Contoso migrates on-premises infrastructure to the [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-azure/) cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-104">This article demonstrates how the fictitious organization Contoso migrates on-premises infrastructure to the [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-azure/) cloud.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-105">This document is the first in a series of articles that show how the fictitious company Contoso migrates to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-105">This document is the first in a series of articles that show how the fictitious company Contoso migrates to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-106">The series includes information and scenarios that illustrate how to set up a migration of infrastructure, and run different types of migrations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-106">The series includes information and scenarios that illustrate how to set up a migration of infrastructure, and run different types of migrations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-107">Scenarios grow in complexity, and we'll add additional articles over time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-107">Scenarios grow in complexity, and we'll add additional articles over time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-108">The articles show how the Contoso company completes its migration mission, but pointers for general reading and specific instructions are provided throughout.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-108">The articles show how the Contoso company completes its migration mission, but pointers for general reading and specific instructions are provided throughout.</span></span>

## <a name="introduction"></a><span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-109">Introduction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-109">Introduction</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-110">Azure provides access to a comprehensive set of cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-110">Azure provides access to a comprehensive set of cloud services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-111">As developers and IT professionals, you can use these services to build, deploy, and manage applications on a range of tools and frameworks, through a global network of datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-111">As developers and IT professionals, you can use these services to build, deploy, and manage applications on a range of tools and frameworks, through a global network of datacenters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-112">As your business faces challenges associated with the digital shift, the Azure cloud helps you to figure out how to optimize resources and operations, engage with your customers and employees, and transform your products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-112">As your business faces challenges associated with the digital shift, the Azure cloud helps you to figure out how to optimize resources and operations, engage with your customers and employees, and transform your products.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-113">However, Azure recognizes that even with all the advantages that the cloud provides in terms of speed and flexibility, minimized costs, performance, and reliability, many organizations are going to need to run on-premises datacenters for some time to come.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-113">However, Azure recognizes that even with all the advantages that the cloud provides in terms of speed and flexibility, minimized costs, performance, and reliability, many organizations are going to need to run on-premises datacenters for some time to come.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-114">In response to cloud adoption barriers, Azure provides a hybrid cloud strategy that builds bridges between your on-premises datacenters, and the Azure public cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-114">In response to cloud adoption barriers, Azure provides a hybrid cloud strategy that builds bridges between your on-premises datacenters, and the Azure public cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-115">For example, using Azure cloud resources like Azure Backup to protect on-premises resources, or using Azure analytics to gain insights into on-premises workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-115">For example, using Azure cloud resources like Azure Backup to protect on-premises resources, or using Azure analytics to gain insights into on-premises workloads.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-116">As part of the hybrid cloud strategy, Azure provides growing solutions for migrating on-premises apps and workloads to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-116">As part of the hybrid cloud strategy, Azure provides growing solutions for migrating on-premises apps and workloads to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-117">With simple steps, you can comprehensively assess your on-premises resources to figure out how they'll run in the Azure cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-117">With simple steps, you can comprehensively assess your on-premises resources to figure out how they'll run in the Azure cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-118">Then, with a deep assessment in hand, you can confidently migrate resources to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-118">Then, with a deep assessment in hand, you can confidently migrate resources to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-119">When resources are up and running in Azure, you can optimize them to retain and improve access, flexibility, security, and reliability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-119">When resources are up and running in Azure, you can optimize them to retain and improve access, flexibility, security, and reliability.</span></span>

## <a name="migration-strategies"></a><span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-120">Migration strategies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-120">Migration strategies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-121">Strategies for migration to the cloud fall into four broad categories: rehost, refactor, rearchitect, or rebuild.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-121">Strategies for migration to the cloud fall into four broad categories: rehost, refactor, rearchitect, or rebuild.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-122">The strategy you adopt depends upon your business drivers, and migration goals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-122">The strategy you adopt depends upon your business drivers, and migration goals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-123">You might adopt multiple strategies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-123">You might adopt multiple strategies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-124">For example, you could choose to rehost (lift-and-shift) simple apps, or apps that aren't critical to your business, but rearchitect those that are more complex and business-critical.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-124">For example, you could choose to rehost (lift-and-shift) simple apps, or apps that aren't critical to your business, but rearchitect those that are more complex and business-critical.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-125">Let's look at the strategies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-125">Let's look at the strategies.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-126">**Strategy**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-126">**Strategy**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-127">**Definition**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-127">**Definition**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-128">**When to use**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-128">**When to use**</span></span> 
--- | --- | --- 
<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-129">**Rehost**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-129">**Rehost**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-130">Often referred to as a "lift-and-shift" migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-130">Often referred to as a "lift-and-shift" migration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-131">This option doesn't require code changes, and let's you migrate your existing apps to Azure quickly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-131">This option doesn't require code changes, and let's you migrate your existing apps to Azure quickly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-132">Each app is migrated as is, to reap the benefits of the cloud, without the risk and cost associated with code changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-132">Each app is migrated as is, to reap the benefits of the cloud, without the risk and cost associated with code changes.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-133">When you need to move apps quickly to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-133">When you need to move apps quickly to the cloud.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-134">When you want to move an app without modifying it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-134">When you want to move an app without modifying it.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-135">When your apps are architected so that they can leverage [Azure IaaS](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-iaas/) scalability after migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-135">When your apps are architected so that they can leverage [Azure IaaS](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-iaas/) scalability after migration.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-136">When apps are important to your business, but you don't need immediate changes to app capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-136">When apps are important to your business, but you don't need immediate changes to app capabilities.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-137">**Refactor**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-137">**Refactor**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-138">Often referred to as “repackaging,” refactoring requires minimal changes to apps, so that they can connect to [Azure PaaS](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-paas/), and use cloud offerings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-138">Often referred to as “repackaging,” refactoring requires minimal changes to apps, so that they can connect to [Azure PaaS](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-paas/), and use cloud offerings.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-139">For example, you could migrate existing apps to Azure App Service or Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-139">For example, you could migrate existing apps to Azure App Service or Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-140">Or, you could refactor relational and non-relational databases into options such as Azure SQL Database Managed Instance, Azure Database for MySQL, Azure Database for PostgreSQL, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-140">Or, you could refactor relational and non-relational databases into options such as Azure SQL Database Managed Instance, Azure Database for MySQL, Azure Database for PostgreSQL, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-141">If your app can easily be repackaged to work in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-141">If your app can easily be repackaged to work in Azure.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-142">If you want to apply innovative DevOps practices provided by Azure, or you're thinking about DevOps using a container strategy for workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-142">If you want to apply innovative DevOps practices provided by Azure, or you're thinking about DevOps using a container strategy for workloads.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-143">For refactoring, you need to think about the portability of your existing code base, and available development skills.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-143">For refactoring, you need to think about the portability of your existing code base, and available development skills.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-144">**Rearchitect**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-144">**Rearchitect**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-145">Rearchitecting for migration focuses on modifying and extending app functionality and the code base to optimize the app architecture for cloud scalability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-145">Rearchitecting for migration focuses on modifying and extending app functionality and the code base to optimize the app architecture for cloud scalability.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-146">For example, you could break down a monolithic application into a group of microservices that work together and scale easily.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-146">For example, you could break down a monolithic application into a group of microservices that work together and scale easily.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-147">Or, you could rearchitect relational and non-relational databases to a fully managed DBaaS solutions, such as Azure SQL Database Managed Instance, Azure Database for MySQL, Azure Database for PostgreSQL, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-147">Or, you could rearchitect relational and non-relational databases to a fully managed DBaaS solutions, such as Azure SQL Database Managed Instance, Azure Database for MySQL, Azure Database for PostgreSQL, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-148">When your apps need major revisions to incorporate new capabilities, or to work effectively on a cloud platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-148">When your apps need major revisions to incorporate new capabilities, or to work effectively on a cloud platform.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-149">When you want to use existing application investments, meet scalability requirements, apply innovative Azure DevOps practices, and minimize use of virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-149">When you want to use existing application investments, meet scalability requirements, apply innovative Azure DevOps practices, and minimize use of virtual machines.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-150">**Rebuild**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-150">**Rebuild**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-151">Rebuild takes things a step further by rebuilding an app from scratch using Azure cloud technologies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-151">Rebuild takes things a step further by rebuilding an app from scratch using Azure cloud technologies.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-152">For example, you could build green field apps with cloud-native technologies like Azure Functions, Azure AI, Azure SQL Database Managed Instance, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-152">For example, you could build green field apps with cloud-native technologies like Azure Functions, Azure AI, Azure SQL Database Managed Instance, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-153">When you want rapid development, and existing apps have limited functionality and lifespan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-153">When you want rapid development, and existing apps have limited functionality and lifespan.</span></span><br/><br/> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-154">When you're ready to expedite business innovation (including DevOps practices provided by Azure), build new applications using cloud-native technologies, and take advantage of advancements in AI, Blockchain, and IoT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-154">When you're ready to expedite business innovation (including DevOps practices provided by Azure), build new applications using cloud-native technologies, and take advantage of advancements in AI, Blockchain, and IoT.</span></span>

## <a name="migration-articles"></a><span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-155">Migration articles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-155">Migration articles</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-156">The articles in the series are summarized in the table below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-156">The articles in the series are summarized in the table below.</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-157">Each migration scenario is driven by slightly different business goals that determine the migration strategy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-157">Each migration scenario is driven by slightly different business goals that determine the migration strategy.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-158">For each deployment scenario, we provide information about business drivers and goals, a proposed architecture, steps to perform the migration, and recommendation for cleanup and next steps after migration is complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-158">For each deployment scenario, we provide information about business drivers and goals, a proposed architecture, steps to perform the migration, and recommendation for cleanup and next steps after migration is complete.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-159">**Article**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-159">**Article**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-160">**Details**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-160">**Details**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-161">**Status**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-161">**Status**</span></span>
--- | --- | ---
<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-162">Article 1: Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-162">Article 1: Overview</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-163">Overview of the article series, Contoso's migration strategy, and the sample apps that are used in the series.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-163">Overview of the article series, Contoso's migration strategy, and the sample apps that are used in the series.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-164">This article</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-164">This article</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-165">Article 2: Deploy Azure infrastructure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-165">Article 2: Deploy Azure infrastructure</span></span>](contoso-migration-infrastructure.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-166">Contoso prepares its on-premises infrastructure and its Azure infrastructure for migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-166">Contoso prepares its on-premises infrastructure and its Azure infrastructure for migration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-167">The same infrastructure is used for all migration articles in the series.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-167">The same infrastructure is used for all migration articles in the series.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-168">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-168">Available</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-169">Article 3: Assess on-premises resources for migration to Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-169">Article 3: Assess on-premises resources for migration to Azure</span></span>](contoso-migration-assessment.md)  | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-170">Contoso runs an assessment of its on-premises SmartHotel360 app running on VMware.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-170">Contoso runs an assessment of its on-premises SmartHotel360 app running on VMware.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-171">Contoso assesses app VMs using the Azure Migrate service, and the app SQL Server database using Data Migration Assistant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-171">Contoso assesses app VMs using the Azure Migrate service, and the app SQL Server database using Data Migration Assistant.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-172">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-172">Available</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-173">Article 4: Rehost an app on an Azure VM and SQL Database Managed Instance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-173">Article 4: Rehost an app on an Azure VM and SQL Database Managed Instance</span></span>](contoso-migration-rehost-vm-sql-managed-instance.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-174">Contoso runs a lift-and-shift migration to Azure for its on-premises SmartHotel360 app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-174">Contoso runs a lift-and-shift migration to Azure for its on-premises SmartHotel360 app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-175">Contoso migrates the app front-end VM using [Azure Site Recovery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/site-recovery/site-recovery-overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-175">Contoso migrates the app front-end VM using [Azure Site Recovery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/site-recovery/site-recovery-overview).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-176">Contoso migrates the app database to an Azure SQL Database Managed Instance using the [Azure Database Migration Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/dms/dms-overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-176">Contoso migrates the app database to an Azure SQL Database Managed Instance using the [Azure Database Migration Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/dms/dms-overview).</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-177">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-177">Available</span></span>   
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-178">Article 5: Rehost an app on Azure VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-178">Article 5: Rehost an app on Azure VMs</span></span>](contoso-migration-rehost-vm.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-179">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel360 app VMs to Azure VMs by using the Site Recovery service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-179">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel360 app VMs to Azure VMs by using the Site Recovery service.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-180">Available   [Article 5: Rehost an app on Azure VMs](contoso-migration-rehost-vm.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-180">Available   [Article 5: Rehost an app on Azure VMs](contoso-migration-rehost-vm.md)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-181">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel360 app VMs to Azure VMs using the Site Recovery service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-181">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel360 app VMs to Azure VMs using the Site Recovery service.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-182">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-182">Available</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-183">Article 6: Rehost an app on Azure VMs and in a  SQL Server AlwaysOn availability group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-183">Article 6: Rehost an app on Azure VMs and in a  SQL Server AlwaysOn availability group</span></span>](contoso-migration-rehost-vm-sql-ag.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-184">Contoso migrates the SmartHotel360 app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-184">Contoso migrates the SmartHotel360 app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-185">Contoso uses Site Recovery to migrate the app VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-185">Contoso uses Site Recovery to migrate the app VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-186">It uses the Database Migration Service to migrate the app database to a SQL Server cluster that's protected by an AlwaysOn availability group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-186">It uses the Database Migration Service to migrate the app database to a SQL Server cluster that's protected by an AlwaysOn availability group.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-187">Available [Article 7: Rehost a Linux app on Azure VMs](contoso-migration-rehost-linux-vm.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-187">Available [Article 7: Rehost a Linux app on Azure VMs](contoso-migration-rehost-linux-vm.md)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-188">Contoso completes a lift-and-shift migration of its Linux osTicket app to Azure VMs, using the Site Recovery service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-188">Contoso completes a lift-and-shift migration of its Linux osTicket app to Azure VMs, using the Site Recovery service.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-189">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-189">Available</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-190">Article 8: Rehost a Linux app on Azure VMs and Azure Database for MySQL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-190">Article 8: Rehost a Linux app on Azure VMs and Azure Database for MySQL</span></span>](contoso-migration-rehost-linux-vm-mysql.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-191">Contoso migrates its Linux osTicket app to Azure VMs by using Site Recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-191">Contoso migrates its Linux osTicket app to Azure VMs by using Site Recovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-192">It migrates the app database to Azure Database for MySQL by using MySQL Workbench.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-192">It migrates the app database to Azure Database for MySQL by using MySQL Workbench.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-193">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-193">Available</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-194">Article 9: Refactor an app in an Azure web app and Azure SQL Database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-194">Article 9: Refactor an app in an Azure web app and Azure SQL Database</span></span>](contoso-migration-refactor-web-app-sql.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-195">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel360 app to an Azure web app and migrates the app database to an Azure SQL Server instance with the Database Migration Assistant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-195">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel360 app to an Azure web app and migrates the app database to an Azure SQL Server instance with the Database Migration Assistant.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-196">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-196">Available</span></span>    
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-197">Article 10: Refactor a Linux app in an Azure web app and Azure Database for MySQL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-197">Article 10: Refactor a Linux app in an Azure web app and Azure Database for MySQL</span></span>](contoso-migration-refactor-linux-app-service-mysql.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-198">Contoso migrates its Linux osTicket app to an Azure web app on multiple Azure regions using Azure Traffic Manager, integrated with GitHub for continuous delivery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-198">Contoso migrates its Linux osTicket app to an Azure web app on multiple Azure regions using Azure Traffic Manager, integrated with GitHub for continuous delivery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-199">Contoso migrates the app database to an Azure Database for MySQL instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-199">Contoso migrates the app database to an Azure Database for MySQL instance.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-200">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-200">Available</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-201">Article 11: Refactor Team Foundation Server on Azure DevOps Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-201">Article 11: Refactor Team Foundation Server on Azure DevOps Services</span></span>](contoso-migration-tfs-vsts.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-202">Contoso migrates its on-premises Team Foundation Server deployment to Azure DevOps Services in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-202">Contoso migrates its on-premises Team Foundation Server deployment to Azure DevOps Services in Azure.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-203">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-203">Available</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-204">Article 12: Rearchitect an app in Azure containers and Azure SQL Database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-204">Article 12: Rearchitect an app in Azure containers and Azure SQL Database</span></span>](contoso-migration-rearchitect-container-sql.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-205">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel app to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-205">Contoso migrates its SmartHotel app to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-206">Then, it rearchitects the app web tier as a Windows container running in Azure Service Fabric, and the database with Azure SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-206">Then, it rearchitects the app web tier as a Windows container running in Azure Service Fabric, and the database with Azure SQL Database.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-207">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-207">Available</span></span>    
[<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-208">Article 13: Rebuild an app in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-208">Article 13: Rebuild an app in Azure</span></span>](contoso-migration-rebuild.md) | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-209">Contoso rebuilds its SmartHotel app by using a range of Azure capabilities and services, including Azure App Service, Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Azure Functions, Azure Cognitive Services, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-209">Contoso rebuilds its SmartHotel app by using a range of Azure capabilities and services, including Azure App Service, Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Azure Functions, Azure Cognitive Services, and Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-210">Available</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-210">Available</span></span> 


<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-211">In this article Contoso sets up all the infrastructure elements it needs to complete all migration scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-211">In this article Contoso sets up all the infrastructure elements it needs to complete all migration scenarios.</span></span> 







### <a name="demo-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-212">Demo apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-212">Demo apps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-213">The articles use two demo apps - SmartHotel360, and osTicket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-213">The articles use two demo apps - SmartHotel360, and osTicket.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-214">**SmartHotel360**: This app was developed by Microsoft as a test app that you can use when working with Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-214">**SmartHotel360**: This app was developed by Microsoft as a test app that you can use when working with Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-215">It's provided as open source and you can download it from [GitHub](https://github.com/Microsoft/SmartHotel360).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-215">It's provided as open source and you can download it from [GitHub](https://github.com/Microsoft/SmartHotel360).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-216">It's an ASP.NET app connected to a SQL Server database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-216">It's an ASP.NET app connected to a SQL Server database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-217">Currently the app is on two VMware VMs running Windows Server 2008 R2, and SQL Server 2008 R2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-217">Currently the app is on two VMware VMs running Windows Server 2008 R2, and SQL Server 2008 R2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-218">The app VMs are hosted on-premises and managed by vCenter Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-218">The app VMs are hosted on-premises and managed by vCenter Server.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-219">**osTicket**: An open-source service desk ticketing app that runs on Linux.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-219">**osTicket**: An open-source service desk ticketing app that runs on Linux.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-220">You can download it from [GitHub](https://github.com/osTicket/osTicket).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-220">You can download it from [GitHub](https://github.com/osTicket/osTicket).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-221">Current the app is on two VMware VMs running Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, using Apache 2, PHP 7.0, and MySQL 5.7</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-221">Current the app is on two VMware VMs running Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, using Apache 2, PHP 7.0, and MySQL 5.7</span></span>
    

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-222">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-222">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c7bcd-223">[Learn how](contoso-migration-infrastructure.md) Contoso sets up an on-premises and Azure infrastructure to prepare for migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c7bcd-223">[Learn how](contoso-migration-infrastructure.md) Contoso sets up an on-premises and Azure infrastructure to prepare for migration.</span></span>



