---
title: Azure Cosmos DB frequently asked questions | Microsoft Docs
description: Get answers to frequently asked questions about Azure Cosmos DB, a globally distributed, multi-model database service. Learn about capacity, performance levels, and scaling.
keywords: Database questions, frequently asked questions, documentdb, azure, Microsoft azure
services: cosmos-db
author: SnehaGunda
manager: kfile
ms.service: cosmos-db
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 09/05/2018
ms.author: sngun
ms.openlocfilehash: 2f18840802a39f03659792a4d5b33ad3a73c5961
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44966560"
---
# <a name="azure-cosmos-db-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-105">Azure Cosmos DB FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-105">Azure Cosmos DB FAQ</span></span>
## <a name="azure-cosmos-db-fundamentals"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-106">Azure Cosmos DB fundamentals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-106">Azure Cosmos DB fundamentals</span></span>

### <a name="what-happened-to-the-documentdb-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-107">What happened to the DocumentDB API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-107">What happened to the DocumentDB API?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-108">The Azure Cosmos DB DocumentDB API or SQL (DocumentDB) API is now known as Azure Cosmos DB SQL API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-108">The Azure Cosmos DB DocumentDB API or SQL (DocumentDB) API is now known as Azure Cosmos DB SQL API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-109">You don't need to change anything to continue running your apps built with DocumentDB API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-109">You don't need to change anything to continue running your apps built with DocumentDB API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-110">The functionality remains the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-110">The functionality remains the same.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-111">If you had a DocumentDB API account before, you now have a SQL API account, with no change to your billing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-111">If you had a DocumentDB API account before, you now have a SQL API account, with no change to your billing.</span></span> 

### <a name="what-happened-to-azure-documentdb-as-a-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-112">What happened to Azure DocumentDB as a service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-112">What happened to Azure DocumentDB as a service?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-113">The Azure DocumentDB service is now a part of the Azure Cosmos DB service and manifests itself in the form of the SQL API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-113">The Azure DocumentDB service is now a part of the Azure Cosmos DB service and manifests itself in the form of the SQL API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-114">Applications built against Azure DocumentDB will run without any changes against Azure Cosmos DB SQL API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-114">Applications built against Azure DocumentDB will run without any changes against Azure Cosmos DB SQL API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-115">In addition, Azure Cosmos DB supports the Gremlin API, Table API, MongoDB API, and Cassandra API (Preview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-115">In addition, Azure Cosmos DB supports the Gremlin API, Table API, MongoDB API, and Cassandra API (Preview).</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-typical-use-cases-for-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-116">What are the typical use cases for Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-116">What are the typical use cases for Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-117">Azure Cosmos DB is a good choice for new web, mobile, gaming, and IoT applications where automatic scale, predictable performance, fast order of millisecond response times, and the ability to query over schema-free data is important.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-117">Azure Cosmos DB is a good choice for new web, mobile, gaming, and IoT applications where automatic scale, predictable performance, fast order of millisecond response times, and the ability to query over schema-free data is important.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-118">Azure Cosmos DB lends itself to rapid development and supporting the continuous iteration of application data models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-118">Azure Cosmos DB lends itself to rapid development and supporting the continuous iteration of application data models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-119">Applications that manage user-generated content and data are [common use cases for Azure Cosmos DB](use-cases.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-119">Applications that manage user-generated content and data are [common use cases for Azure Cosmos DB](use-cases.md).</span></span> 

### <a name="how-does-azure-cosmos-db-offer-predictable-performance"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-120">How does Azure Cosmos DB offer predictable performance?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-120">How does Azure Cosmos DB offer predictable performance?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-121">A [request unit](request-units.md) (RU) is the measure of throughput in Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-121">A [request unit](request-units.md) (RU) is the measure of throughput in Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-122">A 1-RU throughput corresponds to the throughput of the GET of a 1-KB document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-122">A 1-RU throughput corresponds to the throughput of the GET of a 1-KB document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-123">Every operation in Azure Cosmos DB, including reads, writes, SQL queries, and stored procedure executions, has a deterministic RU value that's based on the throughput required to complete the operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-123">Every operation in Azure Cosmos DB, including reads, writes, SQL queries, and stored procedure executions, has a deterministic RU value that's based on the throughput required to complete the operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-124">Instead of thinking about CPU, IO, and memory and how they each affect your application throughput, you can think in terms of a single RU measure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-124">Instead of thinking about CPU, IO, and memory and how they each affect your application throughput, you can think in terms of a single RU measure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-125">You can reserve each Azure Cosmos DB container with provisioned throughput in terms of RUs of throughput per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-125">You can reserve each Azure Cosmos DB container with provisioned throughput in terms of RUs of throughput per second.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-126">For applications of any scale, you can benchmark individual requests to measure their RU values, and provision a container to handle the total of request units across all requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-126">For applications of any scale, you can benchmark individual requests to measure their RU values, and provision a container to handle the total of request units across all requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-127">You can also scale up or scale down your container's throughput as the needs of your application evolve.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-127">You can also scale up or scale down your container's throughput as the needs of your application evolve.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-128">For more information about request units and for help determining your container needs, see [Estimating throughput needs](request-units.md#estimating-throughput-needs) and try the [throughput calculator](https://www.documentdb.com/capacityplanner).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-128">For more information about request units and for help determining your container needs, see [Estimating throughput needs](request-units.md#estimating-throughput-needs) and try the [throughput calculator](https://www.documentdb.com/capacityplanner).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-129">The term *container* here refers to refers to a SQL API collection, Gremlin API graph, MongoDB API collection, and Table API table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-129">The term *container* here refers to refers to a SQL API collection, Gremlin API graph, MongoDB API collection, and Table API table.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-does-azure-cosmos-db-support-various-data-models-such-as-keyvalue-columnar-document-and-graph"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-130">How does Azure Cosmos DB support various data models such as key/value, columnar, document and graph?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-130">How does Azure Cosmos DB support various data models such as key/value, columnar, document and graph?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-131">Key/value (table), columnar, document and graph data models are all natively supported because of the ARS (atoms, records and sequences) design that Azure Cosmos DB is built on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-131">Key/value (table), columnar, document and graph data models are all natively supported because of the ARS (atoms, records and sequences) design that Azure Cosmos DB is built on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-132">Atoms, records, and sequences can be easily mapped and projected to various data models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-132">Atoms, records, and sequences can be easily mapped and projected to various data models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-133">The APIs for a subset of models are available right now (SQL, MongoDB, Table, and Gremlin APIs) and others specific to additional data models will be available in the future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-133">The APIs for a subset of models are available right now (SQL, MongoDB, Table, and Gremlin APIs) and others specific to additional data models will be available in the future.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-134">Azure Cosmos DB has a schema agnostic indexing engine capable of automatically indexing all the data it ingests without requiring any schema or secondary indexes from the developer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-134">Azure Cosmos DB has a schema agnostic indexing engine capable of automatically indexing all the data it ingests without requiring any schema or secondary indexes from the developer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-135">The engine relies on a set of logical index layouts (inverted, columnar, tree) which decouple the storage layout from the index and query processing subsystems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-135">The engine relies on a set of logical index layouts (inverted, columnar, tree) which decouple the storage layout from the index and query processing subsystems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-136">Cosmos DB also has the ability to support a set of wire protocols and APIs in an extensible manner and translate them efficiently to the core data model (1) and the logical index layouts (2) making it uniquely capable of supporting multiple data models natively.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-136">Cosmos DB also has the ability to support a set of wire protocols and APIs in an extensible manner and translate them efficiently to the core data model (1) and the logical index layouts (2) making it uniquely capable of supporting multiple data models natively.</span></span>

### <a name="is-azure-cosmos-db-hipaa-compliant"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-137">Is Azure Cosmos DB HIPAA compliant?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-137">Is Azure Cosmos DB HIPAA compliant?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-138">Yes, Azure Cosmos DB is HIPAA-compliant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-138">Yes, Azure Cosmos DB is HIPAA-compliant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-139">HIPAA establishes requirements for the use, disclosure, and safeguarding of individually identifiable health information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-139">HIPAA establishes requirements for the use, disclosure, and safeguarding of individually identifiable health information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-140">For more information, see the [Microsoft Trust Center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/HIPAA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-140">For more information, see the [Microsoft Trust Center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/HIPAA).</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-storage-limits-of-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-141">What are the storage limits of Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-141">What are the storage limits of Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-142">There is no limit to the total amount of data that a container can store in Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-142">There is no limit to the total amount of data that a container can store in Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-throughput-limits-of-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-143">What are the throughput limits of Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-143">What are the throughput limits of Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-144">There is no limit to the total amount of throughput that a container can support in Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-144">There is no limit to the total amount of throughput that a container can support in Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-145">The key idea is to distribute your workload roughly evenly among a sufficiently large number of partition keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-145">The key idea is to distribute your workload roughly evenly among a sufficiently large number of partition keys.</span></span>

### <a name="are-direct-and-gateway-connectivity-modes-encrypted-"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-146">Are Direct and Gateway connectivity modes encrypted ?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-146">Are Direct and Gateway connectivity modes encrypted ?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-147">Yes both modes are always fully encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-147">Yes both modes are always fully encrypted.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-much-does-azure-cosmos-db-cost"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-148">How much does Azure Cosmos DB cost?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-148">How much does Azure Cosmos DB cost?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-149">For details, refer to the [Azure Cosmos DB pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cosmos-db/) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-149">For details, refer to the [Azure Cosmos DB pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cosmos-db/) page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-150">Azure Cosmos DB usage charges are determined by the number of provisioned containers, the number of hours the containers were online, and the provisioned throughput for each container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-150">Azure Cosmos DB usage charges are determined by the number of provisioned containers, the number of hours the containers were online, and the provisioned throughput for each container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-151">The term *containers* here refers to the SQL API collection, Gremlin API (Graph), MongoDB API collection, and Table API tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-151">The term *containers* here refers to the SQL API collection, Gremlin API (Graph), MongoDB API collection, and Table API tables.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-a-free-account-available"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-152">Is a free account available?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-152">Is a free account available?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-153">Yes, you can sign up for a time-limited account at no charge, with no commitment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-153">Yes, you can sign up for a time-limited account at no charge, with no commitment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-154">To sign up, visit [Try Azure Cosmos DB for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/cosmosdb/) or read more in the [Try Azure Cosmos DB FAQ](#try-cosmos-db).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-154">To sign up, visit [Try Azure Cosmos DB for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/cosmosdb/) or read more in the [Try Azure Cosmos DB FAQ](#try-cosmos-db).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-155">If you are new to Azure, you can sign up for an [Azure free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), which gives you 30 days and a credit to try all the Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-155">If you are new to Azure, you can sign up for an [Azure free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), which gives you 30 days and a credit to try all the Azure services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-156">If you have a Visual Studio subscription, you are also eligible for [free Azure credits](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/) to use on any Azure service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-156">If you have a Visual Studio subscription, you are also eligible for [free Azure credits](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/) to use on any Azure service.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-157">You can also use the [Azure Cosmos DB Emulator](local-emulator.md) to develop and test your application locally for free, without creating an Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-157">You can also use the [Azure Cosmos DB Emulator](local-emulator.md) to develop and test your application locally for free, without creating an Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-158">When you're satisfied with how your application is working in the Azure Cosmos DB Emulator, you can switch to using an Azure Cosmos DB account in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-158">When you're satisfied with how your application is working in the Azure Cosmos DB Emulator, you can switch to using an Azure Cosmos DB account in the cloud.</span></span>

### <a name="how-can-i-get-additional-help-with-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-159">How can I get additional help with Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-159">How can I get additional help with Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-160">To ask a technical question, you can post to one of these two question and answer forums:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-160">To ask a technical question, you can post to one of these two question and answer forums:</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="d5568-161">MSDN forum</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-161">MSDN forum</span></span>](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/home?forum=azurecosmosdb)
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-162">[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-cosmosdb).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-162">[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-cosmosdb).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-163">Stack Overflow is best for programming questions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-163">Stack Overflow is best for programming questions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-164">Make sure your question is [on-topic](https://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic) and [provide as many details as possible, making the question clear and answerable](https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-164">Make sure your question is [on-topic](https://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic) and [provide as many details as possible, making the question clear and answerable](https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-165">To request new features, create a new request on [Uservoice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/263030-azure-cosmos-db).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-165">To request new features, create a new request on [Uservoice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/263030-azure-cosmos-db).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-166">To fix an issue with your account, file a [support request](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade/newsupportrequest) in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-166">To fix an issue with your account, file a [support request](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade/newsupportrequest) in the Azure portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-167">Other questions can be submitted to the team at [askcosmosdb@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdb@microsoft.com); however this is not a technical support alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-167">Other questions can be submitted to the team at [askcosmosdb@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdb@microsoft.com); however this is not a technical support alias.</span></span> 


## <a id="try-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-168">Try Azure Cosmos DB subscriptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-168">Try Azure Cosmos DB subscriptions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-169">You can now enjoy a time-limited Azure Cosmos DB experience without a subscription, free of charge and commitments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-169">You can now enjoy a time-limited Azure Cosmos DB experience without a subscription, free of charge and commitments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-170">To sign up for a Try Azure Cosmos DB subscription, go to [Try Azure Cosmos DB for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/cosmosdb/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-170">To sign up for a Try Azure Cosmos DB subscription, go to [Try Azure Cosmos DB for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/cosmosdb/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-171">This subscription is separate from the [Azure Free Trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), and can be used in addition to an Azure Free Trial or an Azure paid subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-171">This subscription is separate from the [Azure Free Trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), and can be used in addition to an Azure Free Trial or an Azure paid subscription.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-172">Try Azure Cosmos DB subscriptions appear in the Azure portal next other subscriptions associated with your user ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-172">Try Azure Cosmos DB subscriptions appear in the Azure portal next other subscriptions associated with your user ID.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-173">The following conditions apply to Try Azure Cosmos DB subscriptions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-173">The following conditions apply to Try Azure Cosmos DB subscriptions:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-174">One container per subscription for SQL, Gremlin API, and Table accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-174">One container per subscription for SQL, Gremlin API, and Table accounts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-175">Up to 3 collections per subscription for MongoDB accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-175">Up to 3 collections per subscription for MongoDB accounts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-176">10 GB storage capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-176">10 GB storage capacity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-177">Global replication is available in the following [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/): Central US, North Europe and Southeast Asia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-177">Global replication is available in the following [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/): Central US, North Europe and Southeast Asia</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-178">Maximum throughput of 5K RU/s.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-178">Maximum throughput of 5K RU/s.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-179">Subscriptions expire after 24 hours, and can be extended to a maximum of 48 hours total.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-179">Subscriptions expire after 24 hours, and can be extended to a maximum of 48 hours total.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-180">Azure support tickets cannot be created for Try Azure Cosmos DB accounts; however, support is provided for subscribers with existing support plans.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-180">Azure support tickets cannot be created for Try Azure Cosmos DB accounts; however, support is provided for subscribers with existing support plans.</span></span> 

## <a name="set-up-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-181">Set up Azure Cosmos DB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-181">Set up Azure Cosmos DB</span></span>
### <a name="how-do-i-sign-up-for-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-182">How do I sign up for Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-182">How do I sign up for Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-183">Azure Cosmos DB is available in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-183">Azure Cosmos DB is available in the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-184">First, sign up for an Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-184">First, sign up for an Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-185">After you've signed up, you can add a SQL API, Gremlin API, Table API, MongoDB API, or Cassandra API account to your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-185">After you've signed up, you can add a SQL API, Gremlin API, Table API, MongoDB API, or Cassandra API account to your Azure subscription.</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-a-master-key"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-186">What is a master key?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-186">What is a master key?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-187">A master key is a security token to access all resources for an account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-187">A master key is a security token to access all resources for an account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-188">Individuals with the key have read and write access to all resources in the database account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-188">Individuals with the key have read and write access to all resources in the database account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-189">Use caution when you distribute master keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-189">Use caution when you distribute master keys.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-190">The primary master key and secondary master key are available on the **Keys** blade of the [Azure portal][azure-portal].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-190">The primary master key and secondary master key are available on the **Keys** blade of the [Azure portal][azure-portal].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-191">For more information about keys, see [View, copy, and regenerate access keys](manage-account.md#keys).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-191">For more information about keys, see [View, copy, and regenerate access keys](manage-account.md#keys).</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-regions-that-preferredlocations-can-be-set-to"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-192">What are the regions that PreferredLocations can be set to?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-192">What are the regions that PreferredLocations can be set to?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-193">The PreferredLocations value can be set to any of the Azure regions in which Cosmos DB is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-193">The PreferredLocations value can be set to any of the Azure regions in which Cosmos DB is available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-194">For a list of available regions, see [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-194">For a list of available regions, see [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/).</span></span>

### <a name="is-there-anything-i-should-be-aware-of-when-distributing-data-across-the-world-via-the-azure-datacenters"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-195">Is there anything I should be aware of when distributing data across the world via the Azure datacenters?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-195">Is there anything I should be aware of when distributing data across the world via the Azure datacenters?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-196">Azure Cosmos DB is present across all Azure regions, as specified on the [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-196">Azure Cosmos DB is present across all Azure regions, as specified on the [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/) page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-197">Because it is the core service, every new datacenter has an Azure Cosmos DB presence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-197">Because it is the core service, every new datacenter has an Azure Cosmos DB presence.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-198">When you set a region, remember that Azure Cosmos DB respects sovereign and government clouds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-198">When you set a region, remember that Azure Cosmos DB respects sovereign and government clouds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-199">That is, if you create an account in a [sovereign region](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/), you cannot replicate out of that [sovereign region](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-199">That is, if you create an account in a [sovereign region](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/), you cannot replicate out of that [sovereign region](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-200">Similarly, you cannot enable replication into other sovereign locations from an outside account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-200">Similarly, you cannot enable replication into other sovereign locations from an outside account.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-switch-from-container-level-throughput-provisioning-to-database-level-throughput-provisioning-or-vice-versa"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-201">Is it possible to switch from container level throughput provisioning to database level throughput provisioning?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-201">Is it possible to switch from container level throughput provisioning to database level throughput provisioning?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-202">Or vice versa</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-202">Or vice versa</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-203">Container and database level throughput provisioning are separate offerings and switching between either of these require migrating data from source to destination.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-203">Container and database level throughput provisioning are separate offerings and switching between either of these require migrating data from source to destination.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-204">Which means you need to create a new database or a new collection and then migrate data by using [bulk executor library](bulk-executor-overview.md) or [Azure Data Factory](../data-factory/connector-azure-cosmos-db.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-204">Which means you need to create a new database or a new collection and then migrate data by using [bulk executor library](bulk-executor-overview.md) or [Azure Data Factory](../data-factory/connector-azure-cosmos-db.md).</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-create-fixed-collection-with-partition-key"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-205">How do I create fixed collection with partition key</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-205">How do I create fixed collection with partition key</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-206">Currently you can create collection with a partition key throughput by using the [CreatePartitionedCollection](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/blob/master/samples/code-samples/CollectionManagement/Program.cs#L118) method of .Net SDK or by using the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/cosmosdb/collection?view=azure-cli-latest#az-cosmosdb-collection-create).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-206">Currently you can create collection with a partition key throughput by using the [CreatePartitionedCollection](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/blob/master/samples/code-samples/CollectionManagement/Program.cs#L118) method of .Net SDK or by using the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/cosmosdb/collection?view=azure-cli-latest#az-cosmosdb-collection-create).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-207">Creating a fixed collection by using Azure portal is not currenlty supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-207">Creating a fixed collection by using Azure portal is not currenlty supported.</span></span>  

## <a name="sql-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-208">SQL API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-208">SQL API</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-start-developing-against-the-sql-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-209">How do I start developing against the SQL API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-209">How do I start developing against the SQL API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-210">First you must sign up for an Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-210">First you must sign up for an Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-211">Once you sign up for an Azure subscription, you can add a SQL API container to your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-211">Once you sign up for an Azure subscription, you can add a SQL API container to your Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-212">For instructions on adding an Azure Cosmos DB account, see [Create an Azure Cosmos DB database account](create-sql-api-dotnet.md#create-account).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-212">For instructions on adding an Azure Cosmos DB account, see [Create an Azure Cosmos DB database account](create-sql-api-dotnet.md#create-account).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-213">[SDKs](sql-api-sdk-dotnet.md) are available for .NET, Python, Node.js, JavaScript, and Java.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-213">[SDKs](sql-api-sdk-dotnet.md) are available for .NET, Python, Node.js, JavaScript, and Java.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-214">Developers can also use the [RESTful HTTP APIs](/rest/api/cosmos-db/) to interact with Azure Cosmos DB resources from various platforms and languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-214">Developers can also use the [RESTful HTTP APIs](/rest/api/cosmos-db/) to interact with Azure Cosmos DB resources from various platforms and languages.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-access-some-ready-made-samples-to-get-a-head-start"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-215">Can I access some ready-made samples to get a head start?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-215">Can I access some ready-made samples to get a head start?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-216">Samples for the SQL API [.NET](sql-api-dotnet-samples.md), [Java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-java), [Node.js](sql-api-nodejs-samples.md), and [Python](sql-api-python-samples.md) SDKs are available on GitHub.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-216">Samples for the SQL API [.NET](sql-api-dotnet-samples.md), [Java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-java), [Node.js](sql-api-nodejs-samples.md), and [Python](sql-api-python-samples.md) SDKs are available on GitHub.</span></span>


### <a name="does-the-sql-api-database-support-schema-free-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-217">Does the SQL API database support schema-free data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-217">Does the SQL API database support schema-free data?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-218">Yes, the SQL API allows applications to store arbitrary JSON documents without schema definitions or hints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-218">Yes, the SQL API allows applications to store arbitrary JSON documents without schema definitions or hints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-219">Data is immediately available for query through the Azure Cosmos DB SQL query interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-219">Data is immediately available for query through the Azure Cosmos DB SQL query interface.</span></span>  

### <a name="does-the-sql-api-support-acid-transactions"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-220">Does the SQL API support ACID transactions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-220">Does the SQL API support ACID transactions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-221">Yes, the SQL API supports cross-document transactions expressed as JavaScript-stored procedures and triggers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-221">Yes, the SQL API supports cross-document transactions expressed as JavaScript-stored procedures and triggers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-222">Transactions are scoped to a single partition within each container and executed with ACID semantics as "all or nothing," isolated from other concurrently executing code and user requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-222">Transactions are scoped to a single partition within each container and executed with ACID semantics as "all or nothing," isolated from other concurrently executing code and user requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-223">If exceptions are thrown through the server-side execution of JavaScript application code, the entire transaction is rolled back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-223">If exceptions are thrown through the server-side execution of JavaScript application code, the entire transaction is rolled back.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-224">For more information about transactions, see [Database program transactions](programming.md#database-program-transactions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-224">For more information about transactions, see [Database program transactions](programming.md#database-program-transactions).</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-a-container"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-225">What is a container?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-225">What is a container?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-226">A container is a group of documents and their associated JavaScript application logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-226">A container is a group of documents and their associated JavaScript application logic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-227">A container is a billable entity, where the [cost](performance-levels.md) is determined by the throughput and used storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-227">A container is a billable entity, where the [cost](performance-levels.md) is determined by the throughput and used storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-228">Containers can span one or more partitions or servers and can scale to handle practically unlimited volumes of storage or throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-228">Containers can span one or more partitions or servers and can scale to handle practically unlimited volumes of storage or throughput.</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-229">For SQL and MongoDB API accounts, a container maps to a Collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-229">For SQL and MongoDB API accounts, a container maps to a Collection.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-230">For Cassandra and Table API accounts, a container maps to a Table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-230">For Cassandra and Table API accounts, a container maps to a Table.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-231">For Gremlin API accounts, a container maps to a Graph.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-231">For Gremlin API accounts, a container maps to a Graph.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-232">Containers are also the billing entities for Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-232">Containers are also the billing entities for Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-233">Each container is billed hourly, based on the provisioned throughput and used storage space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-233">Each container is billed hourly, based on the provisioned throughput and used storage space.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-234">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cosmos-db/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-234">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cosmos-db/).</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-create-a-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-235">How do I create a database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-235">How do I create a database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-236">You can create databases by using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), as described in [Add a collection](create-sql-api-dotnet.md#create-collection), one of the [Azure Cosmos DB SDKs](sql-api-sdk-dotnet.md), or the [REST APIs](/rest/api/cosmos-db/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-236">You can create databases by using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), as described in [Add a collection](create-sql-api-dotnet.md#create-collection), one of the [Azure Cosmos DB SDKs](sql-api-sdk-dotnet.md), or the [REST APIs](/rest/api/cosmos-db/).</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-set-up-users-and-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-237">How do I set up users and permissions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-237">How do I set up users and permissions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-238">You can create users and permissions by using one of the [Cosmos DB API SDKs](sql-api-sdk-dotnet.md) or the [REST APIs](/rest/api/cosmos-db/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-238">You can create users and permissions by using one of the [Cosmos DB API SDKs](sql-api-sdk-dotnet.md) or the [REST APIs](/rest/api/cosmos-db/).</span></span>  

### <a name="does-the-sql-api-support-sql"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-239">Does the SQL API support SQL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-239">Does the SQL API support SQL?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-240">The SQL query language supported by SQL API accounts is an enhanced subset of the query functionality that's supported by SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-240">The SQL query language supported by SQL API accounts is an enhanced subset of the query functionality that's supported by SQL Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-241">The Azure Cosmos DB SQL query language provides rich hierarchical and relational operators and extensibility via JavaScript-based, user-defined functions (UDFs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-241">The Azure Cosmos DB SQL query language provides rich hierarchical and relational operators and extensibility via JavaScript-based, user-defined functions (UDFs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-242">JSON grammar allows for modeling JSON documents as trees with labeled nodes, which are used by both the Azure Cosmos DB automatic indexing techniques and the SQL query dialect of Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-242">JSON grammar allows for modeling JSON documents as trees with labeled nodes, which are used by both the Azure Cosmos DB automatic indexing techniques and the SQL query dialect of Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-243">For information about using SQL grammar, see the [SQL Query][query] article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-243">For information about using SQL grammar, see the [SQL Query][query] article.</span></span>

### <a name="does-the-sql-api-support-sql-aggregation-functions"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-244">Does the SQL API support SQL aggregation functions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-244">Does the SQL API support SQL aggregation functions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-245">The SQL API supports low-latency aggregation at any scale via aggregate functions `COUNT`, `MIN`, `MAX`, `AVG`, and `SUM` via the SQL grammar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-245">The SQL API supports low-latency aggregation at any scale via aggregate functions `COUNT`, `MIN`, `MAX`, `AVG`, and `SUM` via the SQL grammar.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-246">For more information, see [Aggregate functions](sql-api-sql-query.md#Aggregates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-246">For more information, see [Aggregate functions](sql-api-sql-query.md#Aggregates).</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-the-sql-api-provide-concurrency"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-247">How does the SQL API provide concurrency?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-247">How does the SQL API provide concurrency?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-248">The SQL API supports optimistic concurrency control (OCC) through HTTP entity tags, or ETags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-248">The SQL API supports optimistic concurrency control (OCC) through HTTP entity tags, or ETags.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-249">Every SQL API resource has an ETag, and the ETag is set on the server every time a document is updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-249">Every SQL API resource has an ETag, and the ETag is set on the server every time a document is updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-250">The ETag header and the current value are included in all response messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-250">The ETag header and the current value are included in all response messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-251">ETags can be used with the If-Match header to allow the server to decide whether a resource should be updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-251">ETags can be used with the If-Match header to allow the server to decide whether a resource should be updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-252">The If-Match value is the ETag value to be checked against.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-252">The If-Match value is the ETag value to be checked against.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-253">If the ETag value matches the server ETag value, the resource is updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-253">If the ETag value matches the server ETag value, the resource is updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-254">If the ETag is no longer current, the server rejects the operation with an "HTTP 412 Precondition failure" response code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-254">If the ETag is no longer current, the server rejects the operation with an "HTTP 412 Precondition failure" response code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-255">The client then re-fetches the resource to acquire the current ETag value for the resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-255">The client then re-fetches the resource to acquire the current ETag value for the resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-256">In addition, ETags can be used with the If-None-Match header to determine whether a re-fetch of a resource is needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-256">In addition, ETags can be used with the If-None-Match header to determine whether a re-fetch of a resource is needed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-257">To use optimistic concurrency in .NET, use the [AccessCondition](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/microsoft.azure.documents.client.accesscondition.aspx) class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-257">To use optimistic concurrency in .NET, use the [AccessCondition](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/microsoft.azure.documents.client.accesscondition.aspx) class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-258">For a .NET sample, see [Program.cs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/blob/master/samples/code-samples/DocumentManagement/Program.cs) in the DocumentManagement sample on GitHub.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-258">For a .NET sample, see [Program.cs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/blob/master/samples/code-samples/DocumentManagement/Program.cs) in the DocumentManagement sample on GitHub.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-perform-transactions-in-the-sql-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-259">How do I perform transactions in the SQL API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-259">How do I perform transactions in the SQL API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-260">The SQL API supports language-integrated transactions via JavaScript-stored procedures and triggers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-260">The SQL API supports language-integrated transactions via JavaScript-stored procedures and triggers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-261">All database operations inside scripts are executed under snapshot isolation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-261">All database operations inside scripts are executed under snapshot isolation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-262">If it is a single-partition collection, the execution is scoped to the collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-262">If it is a single-partition collection, the execution is scoped to the collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-263">If the collection is partitioned, the execution is scoped to documents with the same partition-key value within the collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-263">If the collection is partitioned, the execution is scoped to documents with the same partition-key value within the collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-264">A snapshot of the document versions (ETags) is taken at the start of the transaction and committed only if the script succeeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-264">A snapshot of the document versions (ETags) is taken at the start of the transaction and committed only if the script succeeds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-265">If the JavaScript throws an error, the transaction is rolled back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-265">If the JavaScript throws an error, the transaction is rolled back.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-266">For more information, see [Server-side JavaScript programming for Azure Cosmos DB](programming.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-266">For more information, see [Server-side JavaScript programming for Azure Cosmos DB](programming.md).</span></span>

### <a name="how-can-i-bulk-insert-documents-into-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-267">How can I bulk-insert documents into Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-267">How can I bulk-insert documents into Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-268">You can bulk-insert documents into Azure Cosmos DB in one of the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-268">You can bulk-insert documents into Azure Cosmos DB in one of the following ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-269">The bulk executor tool, as described in [Using bulk executor .NET library](bulk-executor-dot-net.md) and [Using bulk executor Java library](bulk-executor-java.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-269">The bulk executor tool, as described in [Using bulk executor .NET library](bulk-executor-dot-net.md) and [Using bulk executor Java library](bulk-executor-java.md)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-270">The data migration tool, as described in [Database migration tool for Azure Cosmos DB](import-data.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-270">The data migration tool, as described in [Database migration tool for Azure Cosmos DB](import-data.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-271">Stored procedures, as described in [Server-side JavaScript programming for Azure Cosmos DB](programming.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-271">Stored procedures, as described in [Server-side JavaScript programming for Azure Cosmos DB](programming.md).</span></span>

### <a name="i-have-setup-my-container-to-use-lazy-indexing-i-see-that-my-queries-do-not-return-expected-results"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-272">I have setup my container to use lazy indexing, I see that my queries do not return expected results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-272">I have setup my container to use lazy indexing, I see that my queries do not return expected results.</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-273">As explained in the indexing section, lazy indexing can result in this behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-273">As explained in the indexing section, lazy indexing can result in this behavior.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-274">You should always use consistent indexing for all the applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-274">You should always use consistent indexing for all the applications.</span></span> 


### <a name="does-the-sql-api-support-resource-link-caching"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-275">Does the SQL API support resource link caching?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-275">Does the SQL API support resource link caching?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-276">Yes, because Azure Cosmos DB is a RESTful service, resource links are immutable and can be cached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-276">Yes, because Azure Cosmos DB is a RESTful service, resource links are immutable and can be cached.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-277">SQL API clients can specify an "If-None-Match" header for reads against any resource-like document or collection and then update their local copies after the server version has changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-277">SQL API clients can specify an "If-None-Match" header for reads against any resource-like document or collection and then update their local copies after the server version has changed.</span></span>

### <a name="is-a-local-instance-of-sql-api-available"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-278">Is a local instance of SQL API available?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-278">Is a local instance of SQL API available?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-279">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-279">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-280">The [Azure Cosmos DB Emulator](local-emulator.md) provides a high-fidelity emulation of the Cosmos DB service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-280">The [Azure Cosmos DB Emulator](local-emulator.md) provides a high-fidelity emulation of the Cosmos DB service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-281">It supports functionality that's identical to Azure Cosmos DB, including support for creating and querying JSON documents, provisioning and scaling collections, and executing stored procedures and triggers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-281">It supports functionality that's identical to Azure Cosmos DB, including support for creating and querying JSON documents, provisioning and scaling collections, and executing stored procedures and triggers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-282">You can develop and test applications by using the Azure Cosmos DB Emulator, and deploy them to Azure at a global scale by making a single configuration change to the connection endpoint for Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-282">You can develop and test applications by using the Azure Cosmos DB Emulator, and deploy them to Azure at a global scale by making a single configuration change to the connection endpoint for Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span>

### <a name="why-are-long-floating-point-values-in-a-document-rounded-when-viewed-from-data-explorer-in-the-portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-283">Why are long floating-point values in a document rounded when viewed from data explorer in the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-283">Why are long floating-point values in a document rounded when viewed from data explorer in the portal.</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-284">This is limitation of JavaScript.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-284">This is limitation of JavaScript.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-285">JavaScript uses double-precision floating-point format numbers as specified in IEEE 754 and it can safely represent numbers between -(253 - 1) and 253-1 (i.e., 9007199254740991) only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-285">JavaScript uses double-precision floating-point format numbers as specified in IEEE 754 and it can safely represent numbers between -(253 - 1) and 253-1 (i.e., 9007199254740991) only.</span></span>

### <a name="where-are-permissions-allowed-in-the-object-hierarchy"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-286">Where are permissions allowed in the object hierarchy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-286">Where are permissions allowed in the object hierarchy?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-287">Creating permissions by using ResourceTokens is allowed at the container level and its descendants (such as documents, attachments).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-287">Creating permissions by using ResourceTokens is allowed at the container level and its descendants (such as documents, attachments).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-288">This implies that trying to create a permission at the database or an account level is not currently allowed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-288">This implies that trying to create a permission at the database or an account level is not currently allowed.</span></span>


## <a name="mongodb-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-289">MongoDB API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-289">MongoDB API</span></span>
### <a name="what-is-the-azure-cosmos-db-api-for-mongodb"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-290">What is the Azure Cosmos DB API for MongoDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-290">What is the Azure Cosmos DB API for MongoDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-291">The Azure Cosmos DB API for MongoDB is a compatibility layer that allows applications to easily and transparently communicate with the native Azure Cosmos DB database engine by using existing, community-supported Apache MongoDB APIs and drivers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-291">The Azure Cosmos DB API for MongoDB is a compatibility layer that allows applications to easily and transparently communicate with the native Azure Cosmos DB database engine by using existing, community-supported Apache MongoDB APIs and drivers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-292">Developers can now use existing MongoDB tool chains and skills to build applications that take advantage of Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-292">Developers can now use existing MongoDB tool chains and skills to build applications that take advantage of Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-293">Developers benefit from the unique capabilities of Azure Cosmos DB, which include auto-indexing, backup maintenance, financially backed service level agreements (SLAs), and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-293">Developers benefit from the unique capabilities of Azure Cosmos DB, which include auto-indexing, backup maintenance, financially backed service level agreements (SLAs), and so on.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-connect-to-my-api-for-mongodb-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-294">How do I connect to my API for MongoDB database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-294">How do I connect to my API for MongoDB database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-295">The quickest way to connect to the Azure Cosmos DB API for MongoDB is to head over to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-295">The quickest way to connect to the Azure Cosmos DB API for MongoDB is to head over to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-296">Go to your account and then, on the left navigation menu, click **Quick Start**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-296">Go to your account and then, on the left navigation menu, click **Quick Start**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-297">Quick Start is the best way to get code snippets to connect to your database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-297">Quick Start is the best way to get code snippets to connect to your database.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-298">Azure Cosmos DB enforces strict security requirements and standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-298">Azure Cosmos DB enforces strict security requirements and standards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-299">Azure Cosmos DB accounts require authentication and secure communication via SSL, so be sure to use TLSv1.2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-299">Azure Cosmos DB accounts require authentication and secure communication via SSL, so be sure to use TLSv1.2.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-300">For more information, see [Connect to your API for MongoDB database](connect-mongodb-account.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-300">For more information, see [Connect to your API for MongoDB database](connect-mongodb-account.md).</span></span>

### <a name="are-there-additional-error-codes-for-an-api-for-mongodb-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-301">Are there additional error codes for an API for MongoDB database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-301">Are there additional error codes for an API for MongoDB database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-302">In addition to the common MongoDB error codes, the MongoDB API has its own specific error codes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-302">In addition to the common MongoDB error codes, the MongoDB API has its own specific error codes:</span></span>


| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-303">Error</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-303">Error</span></span>               | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-304">Code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-304">Code</span></span>  | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-305">Description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-305">Description</span></span>  | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-306">Solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-306">Solution</span></span>  |
|---------------------|-------|--------------|-----------|
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-307">TooManyRequests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-307">TooManyRequests</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-308">16500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-308">16500</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-309">The total number of request units consumed has exceeded the provisioned request-unit rate for the collection and has been throttled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-309">The total number of request units consumed has exceeded the provisioned request-unit rate for the collection and has been throttled.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-310">Consider scaling the throughput  assigned to a container or a set of containers from the Azure portal or retrying again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-310">Consider scaling the throughput  assigned to a container or a set of containers from the Azure portal or retrying again.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-311">ExceededMemoryLimit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-311">ExceededMemoryLimit</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-312">16501</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-312">16501</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-313">As a multi-tenant service, the operation has exceeded the client's memory allotment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-313">As a multi-tenant service, the operation has exceeded the client's memory allotment.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-314">Reduce the scope of the operation through more restrictive query criteria or contact support from the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-314">Reduce the scope of the operation through more restrictive query criteria or contact support from the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade).</span></span> <br><br><span data-ttu-id="d5568-315">Example: *&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;db.getCollection('users').aggregate([<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$match: {name: "Andy"}}, <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$sort: {age: -1}}<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;])*)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-315">Example: *&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;db.getCollection('users').aggregate([<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$match: {name: "Andy"}}, <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$sort: {age: -1}}<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;])*)</span></span> |

## <a id="table"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-316">Table API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-316">Table API</span></span>

### <a name="how-can-i-use-the-table-api-offering"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-317">How can I use the Table API offering?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-317">How can I use the Table API offering?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-318">The Azure Cosmos DB Table API is available in the [Azure portal][azure-portal].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-318">The Azure Cosmos DB Table API is available in the [Azure portal][azure-portal].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-319">First you must sign up for an Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-319">First you must sign up for an Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-320">After you've signed up, you can add an Azure Cosmos DB Table API account to your Azure subscription, and then add tables to your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-320">After you've signed up, you can add an Azure Cosmos DB Table API account to your Azure subscription, and then add tables to your account.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-321">You can find the supported languages and associated quick-starts in the [Introduction to Azure Cosmos DB Table API](table-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-321">You can find the supported languages and associated quick-starts in the [Introduction to Azure Cosmos DB Table API](table-introduction.md).</span></span>

### <a name="do-i-need-a-new-sdk-to-use-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-322">Do I need a new SDK to use the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-322">Do I need a new SDK to use the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-323">No, existing storage SDKs should still work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-323">No, existing storage SDKs should still work.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-324">However it is recommended that one always gets the latest SDKs for the best support and in many cases superior performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-324">However it is recommended that one always gets the latest SDKs for the best support and in many cases superior performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-325">See the list of available languages in the [Introduction to Azure Cosmos DB Table API](table-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-325">See the list of available languages in the [Introduction to Azure Cosmos DB Table API](table-introduction.md).</span></span>

### <a name="where-is-table-api-not-identical-with-azure-table-storage-behavior"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-326">Where is Table API not identical with Azure Table storage behavior?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-326">Where is Table API not identical with Azure Table storage behavior?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-327">There are some behavior differences that users coming from Azure Table storage who want to create tables with the Azure Cosmos DB Table API should be aware of:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-327">There are some behavior differences that users coming from Azure Table storage who want to create tables with the Azure Cosmos DB Table API should be aware of:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-328">Azure Cosmos DB Table API uses a reserved capacity model in order to ensure guaranteed performance but this means that one pays for the capacity as soon as the table is created, even if the capacity isn't being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-328">Azure Cosmos DB Table API uses a reserved capacity model in order to ensure guaranteed performance but this means that one pays for the capacity as soon as the table is created, even if the capacity isn't being used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-329">With Azure Table storage one only pays for capacity that is actually used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-329">With Azure Table storage one only pays for capacity that is actually used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-330">This helps to explain why Table API can offer a 10 ms read and 15 ms write SLA at the 99th percentile while Azure Table storage offers a 10 second SLA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-330">This helps to explain why Table API can offer a 10 ms read and 15 ms write SLA at the 99th percentile while Azure Table storage offers a 10 second SLA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-331">But as a consequence, with Table API tables, even empty tables without any requests, cost money in order to ensure the capacity is available to handle any requests to them at the SLA offered by Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-331">But as a consequence, with Table API tables, even empty tables without any requests, cost money in order to ensure the capacity is available to handle any requests to them at the SLA offered by Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-332">Query results returned by the Table API are not sorted in partition key/row key order as they are in Azure Table storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-332">Query results returned by the Table API are not sorted in partition key/row key order as they are in Azure Table storage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-333">Row keys can only be up to 255 bytes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-333">Row keys can only be up to 255 bytes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-334">Batches can only contain up to 2 MBs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-334">Batches can only contain up to 2 MBs</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-335">CORS is not currently supported</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-335">CORS is not currently supported</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-336">Table names in Azure Table storage are not case-sensitive, but they are in Azure Cosmos DB Table API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-336">Table names in Azure Table storage are not case-sensitive, but they are in Azure Cosmos DB Table API</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-337">Some of Azure Cosmos DB's internal formats for encoding information, such as binary fields, are currently not as efficient as one might like.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-337">Some of Azure Cosmos DB's internal formats for encoding information, such as binary fields, are currently not as efficient as one might like.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-338">Therefore this can cause unexpected limitations on data size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-338">Therefore this can cause unexpected limitations on data size.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-339">For example, currently one couldn't use the full 1 Meg of a table entity to store binary data because the encoding increases the data's size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-339">For example, currently one couldn't use the full 1 Meg of a table entity to store binary data because the encoding increases the data's size.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-340">Entity property name 'Id' currently not supported</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-340">Entity property name 'Id' currently not supported</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-341">TableQuery TakeCount is not limited to 1000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-341">TableQuery TakeCount is not limited to 1000</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-342">In terms of the REST API there are a number of endpoints/query options that are not supported by Azure Cosmos DB Table API:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-342">In terms of the REST API there are a number of endpoints/query options that are not supported by Azure Cosmos DB Table API:</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-343">Rest Method(s)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-343">Rest Method(s)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-344">Rest Endpoint/Query Option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-344">Rest Endpoint/Query Option</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-345">Doc URLs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-345">Doc URLs</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-346">Explanation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-346">Explanation</span></span> |
| ------------| ------------- | ---------- | ----------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-347">GET, PUT</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-347">GET, PUT</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-348">/?restype=service@comp=properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-348">/?restype=service@comp=properties</span></span>| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-349">[Set Table Service Properties](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/set-table-service-properties) and [Get Table Service Properties](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/get-table-service-properties)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-349">[Set Table Service Properties](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/set-table-service-properties) and [Get Table Service Properties](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/get-table-service-properties)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-350">This endpoint is used to set CORS rules, storage analytics configuration, and logging settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-350">This endpoint is used to set CORS rules, storage analytics configuration, and logging settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-351">CORS is currently not supported and analytics and logging are handled differently in Azure Cosmos DB than Azure Storage Tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-351">CORS is currently not supported and analytics and logging are handled differently in Azure Cosmos DB than Azure Storage Tables</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-352">OPTIONS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-352">OPTIONS</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-353">/<table-resource-name></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-353">/<table-resource-name></span></span> | [<span data-ttu-id="d5568-354">Pre-flight CORS table request</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-354">Pre-flight CORS table request</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/preflight-table-request) | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-355">This is part of CORS which Azure Cosmos DB does not currently support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-355">This is part of CORS which Azure Cosmos DB does not currently support.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-356">GET</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-356">GET</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-357">/?restype=service@comp=stats</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-357">/?restype=service@comp=stats</span></span> | [<span data-ttu-id="d5568-358">Get Table Service Stats</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-358">Get Table Service Stats</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/get-table-service-stats) | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-359">Provides information how quickly data is replicating between primary and secondaries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-359">Provides information how quickly data is replicating between primary and secondaries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-360">This isn't needed in Cosmos DB as the replication is part of writes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-360">This isn't needed in Cosmos DB as the replication is part of writes.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-361">GET, PUT</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-361">GET, PUT</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-362">/mytable?comp=acl</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-362">/mytable?comp=acl</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-363">[Get Table ACL](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/get-table-acl) and [Set Table ACL](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/set-table-acl)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-363">[Get Table ACL](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/get-table-acl) and [Set Table ACL](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/set-table-acl)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-364">This gets and sets the stored access policies used to manage Shared Access Signatures (SAS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-364">This gets and sets the stored access policies used to manage Shared Access Signatures (SAS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-365">Although SAS is supported, they are set and managed differently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-365">Although SAS is supported, they are set and managed differently.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-366">In addition Azure Cosmos DB Table API only supports the JSON format, not ATOM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-366">In addition Azure Cosmos DB Table API only supports the JSON format, not ATOM.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-367">While Azure Cosmos DB supports Shared Access Signatures (SAS) there are certain policies it doesn't support, specifically those related to management operations such as the right to create new tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-367">While Azure Cosmos DB supports Shared Access Signatures (SAS) there are certain policies it doesn't support, specifically those related to management operations such as the right to create new tables.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-368">For the .NET SDK in particular, there are some classes and methods that Azure Cosmos DB does not currently support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-368">For the .NET SDK in particular, there are some classes and methods that Azure Cosmos DB does not currently support.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-369">Class</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-369">Class</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-370">Unsupported Method</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-370">Unsupported Method</span></span> |
|-------|-------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-371">CloudTableClient</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-371">CloudTableClient</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-372">\*ServiceProperties\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-372">\*ServiceProperties\*</span></span> |
|                  | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-373">\*ServiceStats\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-373">\*ServiceStats\*</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-374">CloudTable</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-374">CloudTable</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-375">SetPermissions\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-375">SetPermissions\*</span></span> |
|            | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-376">GetPermissions\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-376">GetPermissions\*</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-377">TableServiceContext</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-377">TableServiceContext</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-378">\* (this class is actually deprecated)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-378">\* (this class is actually deprecated)</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-379">TableServiceEntity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-379">TableServiceEntity</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-380">" "</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-380">" "</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-381">TableServiceExtensions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-381">TableServiceExtensions</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-382">" "</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-382">" "</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d5568-383">TableServiceQuery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-383">TableServiceQuery</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d5568-384">" "</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-384">" "</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-385">If any of these differences are a problem for your project please contact [askcosmosdb@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdb@microsoft.com) and let us know.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-385">If any of these differences are a problem for your project please contact [askcosmosdb@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdb@microsoft.com) and let us know.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-provide-feedback-about-the-sdk-or-bugs"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-386">How do I provide feedback about the SDK or bugs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-386">How do I provide feedback about the SDK or bugs?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-387">You can share your feedback in any of the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-387">You can share your feedback in any of the following ways:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="d5568-388">Uservoice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-388">Uservoice</span></span>](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/599062-azure-cosmos-db-table-api)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d5568-389">MSDN forum</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-389">MSDN forum</span></span>](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/home?forum=azurecosmosdb)
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-390">[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-cosmosdb).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-390">[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-cosmosdb).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-391">Stack Overflow is best for programming questions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-391">Stack Overflow is best for programming questions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-392">Make sure your question is [on-topic](https://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic) and [provide as many details as possible, making the question clear and answerable](https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-392">Make sure your question is [on-topic](https://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic) and [provide as many details as possible, making the question clear and answerable](https://stackoverflow.com/help/how-to-ask).</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-the-connection-string-that-i-need-to-use-to-connect-to-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-393">What is the connection string that I need to use to connect to the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-393">What is the connection string that I need to use to connect to the Table API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-394">The connection string is:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-394">The connection string is:</span></span>
```
DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=<AccountNamefromCosmos DB;AccountKey=<FromKeysPaneofCosmosDB>;TableEndpoint=https://<AccountName>.table.cosmosdb.azure.com
```
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-395">You can get the connection string from the Connection String page in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-395">You can get the connection string from the Connection String page in the Azure portal.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-override-the-config-settings-for-the-request-options-in-the-net-sdk-for-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-396">How do I override the config settings for the request options in the .NET SDK for the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-396">How do I override the config settings for the request options in the .NET SDK for the Table API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-397">For information about config settings, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-397">For information about config settings, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-398">Some settings are handled on the CreateCloudTableClient method and other via the app.config in the appSettings section in the client application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-398">Some settings are handled on the CreateCloudTableClient method and other via the app.config in the appSettings section in the client application.</span></span>

### <a name="are-there-any-changes-for-customers-who-are-using-the-existing-azure-table-storage-sdks"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-399">Are there any changes for customers who are using the existing Azure Table storage SDKs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-399">Are there any changes for customers who are using the existing Azure Table storage SDKs?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-400">None.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-400">None.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-401">There are no changes for existing or new customers who are using the existing Azure Table storage SDKs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-401">There are no changes for existing or new customers who are using the existing Azure Table storage SDKs.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-view-table-data-that-is-stored-in-azure-cosmos-db-for-use-with-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-402">How do I view table data that is stored in Azure Cosmos DB for use with the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-402">How do I view table data that is stored in Azure Cosmos DB for use with the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-403">You can use the Azure portal to browse the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-403">You can use the Azure portal to browse the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-404">You can also use the Table API code or the tools mentioned in the next answer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-404">You can also use the Table API code or the tools mentioned in the next answer.</span></span> 

### <a name="which-tools-work-with-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-405">Which tools work with the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-405">Which tools work with the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-406">You can use the [Azure Storage Explorer](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/vs-azure-tools-storage-manage-with-storage-explorer).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-406">You can use the [Azure Storage Explorer](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/vs-azure-tools-storage-manage-with-storage-explorer).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-407">Tools with the flexibility to take a connection string in the format specified previously can support the new Table API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-407">Tools with the flexibility to take a connection string in the format specified previously can support the new Table API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-408">A list of table tools is provided on the [Azure Storage Client Tools](../storage/common/storage-explorers.md) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-408">A list of table tools is provided on the [Azure Storage Client Tools](../storage/common/storage-explorers.md) page.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-the-concurrency-on-operations-controlled"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-409">Is the concurrency on operations controlled?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-409">Is the concurrency on operations controlled?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-410">Yes, optimistic concurrency is provided via the use of the ETag mechanism.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-410">Yes, optimistic concurrency is provided via the use of the ETag mechanism.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-the-odata-query-model-supported-for-entities"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-411">Is the OData query model supported for entities?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-411">Is the OData query model supported for entities?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-412">Yes, the Table API supports OData query and LINQ query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-412">Yes, the Table API supports OData query and LINQ query.</span></span> 

### <a name="can-i-connect-to-azure-table-storage-and-azure-cosmos-db-table-api-side-by-side-in-the-same-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-413">Can I connect to Azure Table Storage and Azure Cosmos DB Table API side by side in the same application?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-413">Can I connect to Azure Table Storage and Azure Cosmos DB Table API side by side in the same application?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-414">Yes, you can connect by creating two separate instances of the CloudTableClient, each pointing to its own URI via the connection string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-414">Yes, you can connect by creating two separate instances of the CloudTableClient, each pointing to its own URI via the connection string.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-migrate-an-existing-azure-table-storage-application-to-this-offering"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-415">How do I migrate an existing Azure Table storage application to this offering?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-415">How do I migrate an existing Azure Table storage application to this offering?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-416">[AzCopy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy) and the [Azure Cosmos DB Data Migration Tool](import-data.md) are both supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-416">[AzCopy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy) and the [Azure Cosmos DB Data Migration Tool](import-data.md) are both supported.</span></span>

### <a name="how-is-expansion-of-the-storage-size-done-for-this-service-if-for-example-i-start-with-n-gb-of-data-and-my-data-will-grow-to-1-tb-over-time"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-417">How is expansion of the storage size done for this service if, for example, I start with *n* GB of data and my data will grow to 1 TB over time?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-417">How is expansion of the storage size done for this service if, for example, I start with *n* GB of data and my data will grow to 1 TB over time?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-418">Azure Cosmos DB is designed to provide unlimited storage via the use of horizontal scaling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-418">Azure Cosmos DB is designed to provide unlimited storage via the use of horizontal scaling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-419">The service can monitor and effectively increase your storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-419">The service can monitor and effectively increase your storage.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-monitor-the-table-api-offering"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-420">How do I monitor the Table API offering?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-420">How do I monitor the Table API offering?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-421">You can use the Table API **Metrics** pane to monitor requests and storage usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-421">You can use the Table API **Metrics** pane to monitor requests and storage usage.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-calculate-the-throughput-i-require"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-422">How do I calculate the throughput I require?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-422">How do I calculate the throughput I require?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-423">You can use the capacity estimator to calculate the TableThroughput that's required for the operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-423">You can use the capacity estimator to calculate the TableThroughput that's required for the operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-424">For more information, see [Estimate Request Units and Data Storage](https://www.documentdb.com/capacityplanner).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-424">For more information, see [Estimate Request Units and Data Storage](https://www.documentdb.com/capacityplanner).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-425">In general, you can represent your entity as JSON and provide the numbers for your operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-425">In general, you can represent your entity as JSON and provide the numbers for your operations.</span></span> 

### <a name="can-i-use-the-table-api-sdk-locally-with-the-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-426">Can I use the Table API SDK locally with the emulator?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-426">Can I use the Table API SDK locally with the emulator?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-427">Not at this time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-427">Not at this time.</span></span>

### <a name="can-my-existing-application-work-with-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-428">Can my existing application work with the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-428">Can my existing application work with the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-429">Yes, the same API is supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-429">Yes, the same API is supported.</span></span>

### <a name="do-i-need-to-migrate-my-existing-azure-table-storage-applications-to-the-sdk-if-i-do-not-want-to-use-the-table-api-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-430">Do I need to migrate my existing Azure Table storage applications to the SDK if I do not want to use the Table API features?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-430">Do I need to migrate my existing Azure Table storage applications to the SDK if I do not want to use the Table API features?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-431">No, you can create and use existing Azure Table storage assets without interruption of any kind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-431">No, you can create and use existing Azure Table storage assets without interruption of any kind.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-432">However, if you do not use the Table API, you cannot benefit from the automatic index, the additional consistency option, or global distribution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-432">However, if you do not use the Table API, you cannot benefit from the automatic index, the additional consistency option, or global distribution.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-add-replication-of-the-data-in-the-table-api-across-multiple-regions-of-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-433">How do I add replication of the data in the Table API across multiple regions of Azure?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-433">How do I add replication of the data in the Table API across multiple regions of Azure?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-434">You can use the Azure Cosmos DB portal's [global replication settings](tutorial-global-distribution-sql-api.md#portal) to add regions that are suitable for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-434">You can use the Azure Cosmos DB portal's [global replication settings](tutorial-global-distribution-sql-api.md#portal) to add regions that are suitable for your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-435">To develop a globally distributed application, you should also add your application with the PreferredLocation information set to the local region for providing low read latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-435">To develop a globally distributed application, you should also add your application with the PreferredLocation information set to the local region for providing low read latency.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-change-the-primary-write-region-for-the-account-in-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-436">How do I change the primary write region for the account in the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-436">How do I change the primary write region for the account in the Table API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-437">You can use the Azure Cosmos DB global replication portal pane to add a region and then fail over to the required region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-437">You can use the Azure Cosmos DB global replication portal pane to add a region and then fail over to the required region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-438">For instructions, see [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-438">For instructions, see [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-configure-my-preferred-read-regions-for-low-latency-when-i-distribute-my-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-439">How do I configure my preferred read regions for low latency when I distribute my data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-439">How do I configure my preferred read regions for low latency when I distribute my data?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-440">To help read from the local location, use the PreferredLocation key in the app.config file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-440">To help read from the local location, use the PreferredLocation key in the app.config file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-441">For existing applications, the Table API throws an error if LocationMode is set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-441">For existing applications, the Table API throws an error if LocationMode is set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-442">Remove that code, because the Table API picks up this information from the app.config file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-442">Remove that code, because the Table API picks up this information from the app.config file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-443">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-443">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span></span>

### <a name="how-should-i-think-about-consistency-levels-in-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-444">How should I think about consistency levels in the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-444">How should I think about consistency levels in the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-445">Azure Cosmos DB provides well-reasoned trade-offs between consistency, availability, and latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-445">Azure Cosmos DB provides well-reasoned trade-offs between consistency, availability, and latency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-446">Azure Cosmos DB offers five consistency levels to Table API developers, so you can choose the right consistency model at the table level and make individual requests while querying the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-446">Azure Cosmos DB offers five consistency levels to Table API developers, so you can choose the right consistency model at the table level and make individual requests while querying the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-447">When a client connects, it can specify a consistency level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-447">When a client connects, it can specify a consistency level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-448">You can change the level via the consistencyLevel argument of CreateCloudTableClient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-448">You can change the level via the consistencyLevel argument of CreateCloudTableClient.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-449">The Table API provides low-latency reads with "Read your own writes," with Bounded-staleness consistency as the default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-449">The Table API provides low-latency reads with "Read your own writes," with Bounded-staleness consistency as the default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-450">For more information, see [Consistency levels](consistency-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-450">For more information, see [Consistency levels](consistency-levels.md).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-451">By default, Azure Table storage provides Strong consistency within a region and Eventual consistency in the secondary locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-451">By default, Azure Table storage provides Strong consistency within a region and Eventual consistency in the secondary locations.</span></span> 

### <a name="does-azure-cosmos-db-table-api-offer-more-consistency-levels-than-azure-table-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-452">Does Azure Cosmos DB Table API offer more consistency levels than Azure Table storage?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-452">Does Azure Cosmos DB Table API offer more consistency levels than Azure Table storage?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-453">Yes, for information about how to benefit from the distributed nature of Azure Cosmos DB, see [Consistency levels](consistency-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-453">Yes, for information about how to benefit from the distributed nature of Azure Cosmos DB, see [Consistency levels](consistency-levels.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-454">Because guarantees are provided for the consistency levels, you can use them with confidence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-454">Because guarantees are provided for the consistency levels, you can use them with confidence.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-455">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-455">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span></span>

### <a name="when-global-distribution-is-enabled-how-long-does-it-take-to-replicate-the-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-456">When global distribution is enabled, how long does it take to replicate the data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-456">When global distribution is enabled, how long does it take to replicate the data?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-457">Azure Cosmos DB commits the data durably in the local region and pushes the data to other regions immediately in a matter of milliseconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-457">Azure Cosmos DB commits the data durably in the local region and pushes the data to other regions immediately in a matter of milliseconds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-458">This replication is dependent only on the round-trip time (RTT) of the datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-458">This replication is dependent only on the round-trip time (RTT) of the datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-459">To learn more about the global-distribution capability of Azure Cosmos DB, see [Azure Cosmos DB: A globally distributed database service on Azure](distribute-data-globally.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-459">To learn more about the global-distribution capability of Azure Cosmos DB, see [Azure Cosmos DB: A globally distributed database service on Azure](distribute-data-globally.md).</span></span>

### <a name="can-the-read-request-consistency-level-be-changed"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-460">Can the read request consistency level be changed?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-460">Can the read request consistency level be changed?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-461">With Azure Cosmos DB, you can set the consistency level at the container level (on the table).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-461">With Azure Cosmos DB, you can set the consistency level at the container level (on the table).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-462">By using the .NET SDK, you can change the level by providing the value for TableConsistencyLevel key in the app.config file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-462">By using the .NET SDK, you can change the level by providing the value for TableConsistencyLevel key in the app.config file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-463">The possible values are: Strong, Bounded Staleness, Session, Consistent Prefix, and Eventual.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-463">The possible values are: Strong, Bounded Staleness, Session, Consistent Prefix, and Eventual.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-464">For more information, see [Tunable data consistency levels in Azure Cosmos DB](consistency-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-464">For more information, see [Tunable data consistency levels in Azure Cosmos DB](consistency-levels.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-465">The key idea is that you cannot set the request consistency level at more than the setting for the table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-465">The key idea is that you cannot set the request consistency level at more than the setting for the table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-466">For example, you cannot set the consistency level for the table at Eventual and the request consistency level at Strong.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-466">For example, you cannot set the consistency level for the table at Eventual and the request consistency level at Strong.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-does-the-table-api-handle-failover-if-a-region-goes-down"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-467">How does the Table API handle failover if a region goes down?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-467">How does the Table API handle failover if a region goes down?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-468">The Table API leverages the globally distributed platform of Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-468">The Table API leverages the globally distributed platform of Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-469">To ensure that your application can tolerate datacenter downtime, enable at least one more region for the account in the Azure Cosmos DB portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-469">To ensure that your application can tolerate datacenter downtime, enable at least one more region for the account in the Azure Cosmos DB portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-470">You can set the priority of the region by using the portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-470">You can set the priority of the region by using the portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-471">You can add as many regions as you want for the account and control where it can fail over to by providing a failover priority.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-471">You can add as many regions as you want for the account and control where it can fail over to by providing a failover priority.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-472">Of course, to use the database, you need to provide an application there too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-472">Of course, to use the database, you need to provide an application there too.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-473">When you do so, your customers will not experience downtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-473">When you do so, your customers will not experience downtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-474">The [latest .NET client SDK](table-sdk-dotnet.md) is auto homing but the other SDKs are not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-474">The [latest .NET client SDK](table-sdk-dotnet.md) is auto homing but the other SDKs are not.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-475">That is, it can detect the region that's down and automatically fail over to the new region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-475">That is, it can detect the region that's down and automatically fail over to the new region.</span></span>

### <a name="is-the-table-api-enabled-for-backups"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-476">Is the Table API enabled for backups?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-476">Is the Table API enabled for backups?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-477">Yes, the Table API leverages the platform of Azure Cosmos DB for backups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-477">Yes, the Table API leverages the platform of Azure Cosmos DB for backups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-478">Backups are made automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-478">Backups are made automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-479">For more information, see [Online backup and restore with Azure Cosmos DB](online-backup-and-restore.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-479">For more information, see [Online backup and restore with Azure Cosmos DB](online-backup-and-restore.md).</span></span>

 
### <a name="does-the-table-api-index-all-attributes-of-an-entity-by-default"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-480">Does the Table API index all attributes of an entity by default?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-480">Does the Table API index all attributes of an entity by default?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-481">Yes, all attributes of an entity are indexed by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-481">Yes, all attributes of an entity are indexed by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-482">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-482">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span></span> 

### <a name="does-this-mean-i-do-not-have-to-create-multiple-indexes-to-satisfy-the-queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-483">Does this mean I do not have to create multiple indexes to satisfy the queries?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-483">Does this mean I do not have to create multiple indexes to satisfy the queries?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-484">Yes, Azure Cosmos DB Table API provides automatic indexing of all attributes without any schema definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-484">Yes, Azure Cosmos DB Table API provides automatic indexing of all attributes without any schema definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-485">This automation frees developers to focus on the application rather than on index creation and management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-485">This automation frees developers to focus on the application rather than on index creation and management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-486">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-486">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-change-the-indexing-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-487">Can I change the indexing policy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-487">Can I change the indexing policy?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-488">Yes, you can change the indexing policy by providing the index definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-488">Yes, you can change the indexing policy by providing the index definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-489">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-489">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB capabilities](../cosmos-db/tutorial-develop-table-dotnet.md#azure-cosmos-db-capabilities).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-490">You need to properly encode and escape the settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-490">You need to properly encode and escape the settings.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-491">for the non-.NET SDKs the indexing policy can only be set in the portal at **Data Explorer**, navigate to the specific table you want to change and then go to the **Scale & Settings**->Indexing Policy, make the desired change and then **Save**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-491">for the non-.NET SDKs the indexing policy can only be set in the portal at **Data Explorer**, navigate to the specific table you want to change and then go to the **Scale & Settings**->Indexing Policy, make the desired change and then **Save**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-492">From the .NET SDK it can be submitted in the app.config file:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-492">From the .NET SDK it can be submitted in the app.config file:</span></span>
```
{
  "indexingMode": "consistent",
  "automatic": true,
  "includedPaths": [
    {
      "path": "/somepath",
      "indexes": [
        {
          "kind": "Range",
          "dataType": "Number",
          "precision": -1
        },
        {
          "kind": "Range",
          "dataType": "String",
          "precision": -1
        } 
      ]
    }
  ],
  "excludedPaths": 
[
 {
      "path": "/anotherpath"
 }
]
}
```

### <a name="azure-cosmos-db-as-a-platform-seems-to-have-lot-of-capabilities-such-as-sorting-aggregates-hierarchy-and-other-functionality-will-you-be-adding-these-capabilities-to-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-493">Azure Cosmos DB as a platform seems to have lot of capabilities, such as sorting, aggregates, hierarchy, and other functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-493">Azure Cosmos DB as a platform seems to have lot of capabilities, such as sorting, aggregates, hierarchy, and other functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-494">Will you be adding these capabilities to the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-494">Will you be adding these capabilities to the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-495">The Table API provides the same query functionality as Azure Table storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-495">The Table API provides the same query functionality as Azure Table storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-496">Azure Cosmos DB also supports sorting, aggregates, geospatial query, hierarchy, and a wide range of built-in functions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-496">Azure Cosmos DB also supports sorting, aggregates, geospatial query, hierarchy, and a wide range of built-in functions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-497">We will provide additional functionality in the Table API in a future service update.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-497">We will provide additional functionality in the Table API in a future service update.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-498">For more information, see [SQL queries](sql-api-sql-query.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-498">For more information, see [SQL queries](sql-api-sql-query.md).</span></span>
 
### <a name="when-should-i-change-tablethroughput-for-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-499">When should I change TableThroughput for the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-499">When should I change TableThroughput for the Table API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-500">You should change TableThroughput when either of the following conditions applies:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-500">You should change TableThroughput when either of the following conditions applies:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-501">You're performing an extract, transform, and load (ETL) of data, or you want to upload a lot of data in short amount of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-501">You're performing an extract, transform, and load (ETL) of data, or you want to upload a lot of data in short amount of time.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="d5568-502">You need more throughput from the container or from a set of containers at the back end.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-502">You need more throughput from the container or from a set of containers at the back end.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-503">For example, you see that the used throughput is more than the provisioned throughput, and you are getting throttled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-503">For example, you see that the used throughput is more than the provisioned throughput, and you are getting throttled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-504">For more information, see [Set throughput for Azure Cosmos DB containers](set-throughput.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-504">For more information, see [Set throughput for Azure Cosmos DB containers](set-throughput.md).</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-scale-up-or-scale-down-the-throughput-of-my-table-api-table"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-505">Can I scale up or scale down the throughput of my Table API table?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-505">Can I scale up or scale down the throughput of my Table API table?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-506">Yes, you can use the Azure Cosmos DB portal's scale pane to scale the throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-506">Yes, you can use the Azure Cosmos DB portal's scale pane to scale the throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-507">For more information, see [Set throughput](set-throughput.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-507">For more information, see [Set throughput](set-throughput.md).</span></span>

### <a name="is-a-default-tablethroughput-set-for-newly-provisioned-tables"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-508">Is a default TableThroughput set for newly provisioned tables?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-508">Is a default TableThroughput set for newly provisioned tables?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-509">Yes, if you do not override the TableThroughput via app.config and do not use a pre-created container in Azure Cosmos DB, the service creates a table with throughput of 400.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-509">Yes, if you do not override the TableThroughput via app.config and do not use a pre-created container in Azure Cosmos DB, the service creates a table with throughput of 400.</span></span>
 
### <a name="is-there-any-change-of-pricing-for-existing-customers-of-the-azure-table-storage-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-510">Is there any change of pricing for existing customers of the Azure Table storage service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-510">Is there any change of pricing for existing customers of the Azure Table storage service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-511">None.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-511">None.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-512">There is no change in price for existing Azure Table storage customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-512">There is no change in price for existing Azure Table storage customers.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-is-the-price-calculated-for-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-513">How is the price calculated for the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-513">How is the price calculated for the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-514">The price depends on the allocated TableThroughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-514">The price depends on the allocated TableThroughput.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-do-i-handle-any-rate-limiting-on-the-tables-in-table-api-offering"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-515">How do I handle any rate limiting on the tables in Table API offering?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-515">How do I handle any rate limiting on the tables in Table API offering?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-516">If the request rate exceeds the capacity of the provisioned throughput for the underlying container or a set of containers, you get an error, and the SDK retries the call by applying the retry policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-516">If the request rate exceeds the capacity of the provisioned throughput for the underlying container or a set of containers, you get an error, and the SDK retries the call by applying the retry policy.</span></span>

### <a name="why-do-i-need-to-choose-a-throughput-apart-from-partitionkey-and-rowkey-to-take-advantage-of-the-table-api-offering-of-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-517">Why do I need to choose a throughput apart from PartitionKey and RowKey to take advantage of the Table API offering of Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-517">Why do I need to choose a throughput apart from PartitionKey and RowKey to take advantage of the Table API offering of Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-518">Azure Cosmos DB sets a default throughput for your container if you do not provide one in the app.config file or via the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-518">Azure Cosmos DB sets a default throughput for your container if you do not provide one in the app.config file or via the portal.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-519">Azure Cosmos DB provides guarantees for performance and latency, with upper bounds on operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-519">Azure Cosmos DB provides guarantees for performance and latency, with upper bounds on operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-520">This guarantee is possible when the engine can enforce governance on the tenant's operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-520">This guarantee is possible when the engine can enforce governance on the tenant's operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-521">Setting TableThroughput ensures that you get the guaranteed throughput and latency, because the platform reserves this capacity and guarantees operational success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-521">Setting TableThroughput ensures that you get the guaranteed throughput and latency, because the platform reserves this capacity and guarantees operational success.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-522">By using the throughput specification, you can elastically change it to benefit from the seasonality of your application, meet the throughput needs, and save costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-522">By using the throughput specification, you can elastically change it to benefit from the seasonality of your application, meet the throughput needs, and save costs.</span></span>

### <a name="azure-table-storage-has-been-very-inexpensive-for-me-because-i-pay-only-to-store-the-data-and-i-rarely-query-the-azure-cosmos-db-table-api-offering-seems-to-be-charging-me-even-though-i-have-not-performed-a-single-transaction-or-stored-anything-can-you-please-explain"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-523">Azure Table storage has been very inexpensive for me, because I pay only to store the data, and I rarely query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-523">Azure Table storage has been very inexpensive for me, because I pay only to store the data, and I rarely query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-524">The Azure Cosmos DB Table API offering seems to be charging me even though I have not performed a single transaction or stored anything.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-524">The Azure Cosmos DB Table API offering seems to be charging me even though I have not performed a single transaction or stored anything.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-525">Can you please explain?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-525">Can you please explain?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-526">Azure Cosmos DB is designed to be a globally distributed, SLA-based system with guarantees for availability, latency, and throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-526">Azure Cosmos DB is designed to be a globally distributed, SLA-based system with guarantees for availability, latency, and throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-527">When you reserve throughput in Azure Cosmos DB, it is guaranteed, unlike the throughput of other systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-527">When you reserve throughput in Azure Cosmos DB, it is guaranteed, unlike the throughput of other systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-528">Azure Cosmos DB provides additional capabilities that customers have requested, such as secondary indexes and global distribution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-528">Azure Cosmos DB provides additional capabilities that customers have requested, such as secondary indexes and global distribution.</span></span>  

### <a name="i-never-get-a-quota-full-notification-indicating-that-a-partition-is-full-when-i-ingest-data-into-azure-table-storage-with-the-table-api-i-do-get-this-message-is-this-offering-limiting-me-and-forcing-me-to-change-my-existing-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-529">I never get a quota full" notification (indicating that a partition is full) when I ingest data into Azure Table storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-529">I never get a quota full" notification (indicating that a partition is full) when I ingest data into Azure Table storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-530">With the Table API, I do get this message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-530">With the Table API, I do get this message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-531">Is this offering limiting me and forcing me to change my existing application?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-531">Is this offering limiting me and forcing me to change my existing application?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-532">Azure Cosmos DB is an SLA-based system that provides unlimited scale, with guarantees for latency, throughput, availability, and consistency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-532">Azure Cosmos DB is an SLA-based system that provides unlimited scale, with guarantees for latency, throughput, availability, and consistency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-533">To ensure guaranteed premium performance, make sure that your data size and index are manageable and scalable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-533">To ensure guaranteed premium performance, make sure that your data size and index are manageable and scalable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-534">The 10-GB limit on the number of entities or items per partition key is to ensure that we provide great lookup and query performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-534">The 10-GB limit on the number of entities or items per partition key is to ensure that we provide great lookup and query performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-535">To ensure that your application scales well, even for Azure Storage, we recommend that you *not* create a hot partition by storing all information in one partition and querying it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-535">To ensure that your application scales well, even for Azure Storage, we recommend that you *not* create a hot partition by storing all information in one partition and querying it.</span></span> 

### <a name="so-partitionkey-and-rowkey-are-still-required-with-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-536">So PartitionKey and RowKey are still required with the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-536">So PartitionKey and RowKey are still required with the Table API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-537">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-537">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-538">Because the surface area of the Table API is similar to that of the Azure Table storage SDK, the partition key provides an efficient way to distribute the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-538">Because the surface area of the Table API is similar to that of the Azure Table storage SDK, the partition key provides an efficient way to distribute the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-539">The row key is unique within that partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-539">The row key is unique within that partition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-540">The row key needs to be present and can't be null as in the standard SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-540">The row key needs to be present and can't be null as in the standard SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-541">The length of RowKey is 255 bytes and the length of PartitionKey is 1 KB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-541">The length of RowKey is 255 bytes and the length of PartitionKey is 1 KB.</span></span> 

### <a name="what-are-the-error-messages-for-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-542">What are the error messages for the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-542">What are the error messages for the Table API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-543">Azure Table storage and Azure Cosmos DB Table API use the same SDKs so most of the errors will be the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-543">Azure Table storage and Azure Cosmos DB Table API use the same SDKs so most of the errors will be the same.</span></span>

### <a name="why-do-i-get-throttled-when-i-try-to-create-lot-of-tables-one-after-another-in-the-table-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-544">Why do I get throttled when I try to create lot of tables one after another in the Table API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-544">Why do I get throttled when I try to create lot of tables one after another in the Table API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-545">Azure Cosmos DB is an SLA-based system that provides latency, throughput, availability, and consistency guarantees.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-545">Azure Cosmos DB is an SLA-based system that provides latency, throughput, availability, and consistency guarantees.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-546">Because it is a provisioned system, it reserves resources to guarantee these requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-546">Because it is a provisioned system, it reserves resources to guarantee these requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-547">The rapid rate of creation of tables is detected and throttled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-547">The rapid rate of creation of tables is detected and throttled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-548">We recommend that you look at the rate of creation of tables and lower it to less than 5 per minute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-548">We recommend that you look at the rate of creation of tables and lower it to less than 5 per minute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-549">Remember that the Table API is a provisioned system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-549">Remember that the Table API is a provisioned system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-550">The moment you provision it, you will begin to pay for it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-550">The moment you provision it, you will begin to pay for it.</span></span> 

## <a name="gremlin-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-551">Gremlin API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-551">Gremlin API</span></span>

### <a name="for-cnet-development-should-i-use-the-microsoftazuregraphs-package-or-gremlinnet"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-552">For C#/.NET development, should I use the Microsoft.Azure.Graphs package or Gremlin.NET?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-552">For C#/.NET development, should I use the Microsoft.Azure.Graphs package or Gremlin.NET?</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-553">Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API leverages the open-source drivers as the main connectors for the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-553">Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API leverages the open-source drivers as the main connectors for the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-554">So the recommended option is to use [drivers that are supported by Apache Tinkerpop](http://tinkerpop.apache.org/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-554">So the recommended option is to use [drivers that are supported by Apache Tinkerpop](http://tinkerpop.apache.org/).</span></span>

### <a name="how-are-rus-charged-when-running-queries-on-a-graph-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-555">How are RU/s charged when running queries on a graph database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-555">How are RU/s charged when running queries on a graph database?</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-556">All graph objects, vertices and edges, are represented as JSON documents in the backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-556">All graph objects, vertices and edges, are represented as JSON documents in the backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-557">Since one Gremlin query can modify one or many graph objects at a time, the cost associated with it isbe directly related to the objects, edges that are processed by the query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-557">Since one Gremlin query can modify one or many graph objects at a time, the cost associated with it isbe directly related to the objects, edges that are processed by the query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-558">This is the same process that Azure Cosmos DB uses for all other APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-558">This is the same process that Azure Cosmos DB uses for all other APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-559">For more information, see [Request Units in Azure Cosmos DB](request-units.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-559">For more information, see [Request Units in Azure Cosmos DB](request-units.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-560">The RU charge is based on the working data set of the traversal, and not the result set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-560">The RU charge is based on the working data set of the traversal, and not the result set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-561">For example, if a query aims to obtain a single vertex as a result but needs to traverse multiple other objects on the way, then the cost will be based on all the graph objects that it will take to compute the one result vertex.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-561">For example, if a query aims to obtain a single vertex as a result but needs to traverse multiple other objects on the way, then the cost will be based on all the graph objects that it will take to compute the one result vertex.</span></span>

### <a name="whats-the-maximum-scale-that-a-graph-database-can-have-in-azure-cosmos-db-gremlin-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-562">Whats the maximum scale that a graph database can have in Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-562">Whats the maximum scale that a graph database can have in Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API?</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-563">Azure Cosmos DB makes use of [horizontal partitioning](partition-data.md) to automatically address increase in storage and throughput requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-563">Azure Cosmos DB makes use of [horizontal partitioning](partition-data.md) to automatically address increase in storage and throughput requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-564">The maximum throughput and storage capacity of a workload is determined by the amount of partitions that are associated with a given collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-564">The maximum throughput and storage capacity of a workload is determined by the amount of partitions that are associated with a given collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-565">However, a Gremlin API collection has a specific set of guidelines to ensure a proper performance experience at scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-565">However, a Gremlin API collection has a specific set of guidelines to ensure a proper performance experience at scale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-566">For more information and best practices, see [partitioning best practices](partition-data.md#best-practices-when-choosing-a-partition-key) document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-566">For more information and best practices, see [partitioning best practices](partition-data.md#best-practices-when-choosing-a-partition-key) document.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-can-i-protect-against-injection-attacks-using-gremlin-drivers"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-567">How can I protect against injection attacks using Gremlin drivers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-567">How can I protect against injection attacks using Gremlin drivers?</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-568">Most native Tinkerpop Gremlin drivers allow the option to provide a dictionary of parameters for query execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-568">Most native Tinkerpop Gremlin drivers allow the option to provide a dictionary of parameters for query execution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-569">This is an example of how to do it in [Gremlin.Net]() and in [Gremlin-Javascript](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-cosmos-db-graph-nodejs-getting-started/blob/master/app.js).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-569">This is an example of how to do it in [Gremlin.Net]() and in [Gremlin-Javascript](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-cosmos-db-graph-nodejs-getting-started/blob/master/app.js).</span></span>

### <a name="why-am-i-getting-the-gremlin-query-compilation-error-unable-to-find-any-method-error"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-570">Why am I getting the Gremlin Query Compilation Error: Unable to find any method error?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-570">Why am I getting the Gremlin Query Compilation Error: Unable to find any method error?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-571">Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API implements a subset of the functionality defined in the Gremlin surface area.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-571">Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API implements a subset of the functionality defined in the Gremlin surface area.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-572">For supported steps and more information please see [Gremlin support](gremlin-support.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-572">For supported steps and more information please see [Gremlin support](gremlin-support.md) article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-573">The best workaround is to re-write the required Gremlin steps with the supported functionality, since all essential Gremlin steps are supported by Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-573">The best workaround is to re-write the required Gremlin steps with the supported functionality, since all essential Gremlin steps are supported by Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span>

### <a name="why-am-i-getting-the-websocketexception-the-server-returned-status-code-200-when-status-code-101-was-expected-error"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-574">Why am I getting the WebSocketException: The server returned status code '200' when status code '101' was expected error?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-574">Why am I getting the WebSocketException: The server returned status code '200' when status code '101' was expected error?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-575">This error is likely thrown when the wrong endpoint is being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-575">This error is likely thrown when the wrong endpoint is being used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-576">The endpoint that generates this error has the following pattern:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-576">The endpoint that generates this error has the following pattern:</span></span>

`https:// YOUR_DATABASE_ACCOUNT.documents.azure.com:443/` 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-577">This is the documents endpoint for your graph database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-577">This is the documents endpoint for your graph database.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d5568-578">The correct endpoint to use is the Gremlin Endpoint, which has the following format:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-578">The correct endpoint to use is the Gremlin Endpoint, which has the following format:</span></span> 

`https://YOUR_DATABASE_ACCOUNT.gremlin.cosmosdb.azure.com:443/`

### <a name="why-am-i-getting-the-requestrateistoolarge-error"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-579">Why am I getting the RequestRateIsTooLarge error?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-579">Why am I getting the RequestRateIsTooLarge error?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-580">This error means that the allocated Request Units per second are not enough to serve the query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-580">This error means that the allocated Request Units per second are not enough to serve the query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-581">This error is usually seen when you run a query that obtains all vertices:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-581">This error is usually seen when you run a query that obtains all vertices:</span></span>

```
// Query example:
g.V()
```

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-582">This query will attempt to retrieve all vertices from the graph.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-582">This query will attempt to retrieve all vertices from the graph.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-583">So, the cost of this query will be equal to at least the number of vertices in terms of RUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-583">So, the cost of this query will be equal to at least the number of vertices in terms of RUs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-584">The RU/s setting should be adjusted to address this query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-584">The RU/s setting should be adjusted to address this query.</span></span>

### <a name="why-do-my-gremlin-driver-connections-get-dropped-eventually"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-585">Why do my Gremlin driver connections get dropped eventually?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-585">Why do my Gremlin driver connections get dropped eventually?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-586">A Gremlin connection is made through a WebSocket connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-586">A Gremlin connection is made through a WebSocket connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-587">Although WebSocket connections do not have a specific time to live, Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API will terminate idle connections after 30 minutes of inactivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-587">Although WebSocket connections do not have a specific time to live, Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API will terminate idle connections after 30 minutes of inactivity.</span></span> 

### <a name="why-cant-i-use-fluent-api-calls-in-the-native-gremlin-drivers"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-588">Why cant I use fluent API calls in the native Gremlin drivers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-588">Why cant I use fluent API calls in the native Gremlin drivers?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-589">Fluent API calls are not yet supported by the Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-589">Fluent API calls are not yet supported by the Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-590">Fluent API calls require an internal formatting feature known as bytecode support which is currently not supported by Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-590">Fluent API calls require an internal formatting feature known as bytecode support which is currently not supported by Azure Cosmos DB Gremlin API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-591">Due to the same reason, the latest Gremlin-JavaScript driver is also currently not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-591">Due to the same reason, the latest Gremlin-JavaScript driver is also currently not supported.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-can-i-evaluate-the-efficiency-of-my-gremlin-queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-592">How can I evaluate the efficiency of my Gremlin queries?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-592">How can I evaluate the efficiency of my Gremlin queries?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-593">The **executionProfile()** preview step can be used to provide an analysis of the query execution plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-593">The **executionProfile()** preview step can be used to provide an analysis of the query execution plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-594">This step needs to be added to the end of any Gremlin query as illustrated by the following example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-594">This step needs to be added to the end of any Gremlin query as illustrated by the following example:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-595">**Query example**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-595">**Query example**</span></span>

```
g.V('mary').out('knows').executionProfile()
```

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-596">**Example output**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-596">**Example output**</span></span>

```json
[
  {
    "gremlin": "g.V('mary').out('knows').executionProfile()",
    "totalTime": 8,
    "metrics": [
      {
        "name": "GetVertices",
        "time": 3,
        "annotations": {
          "percentTime": 37.5
        },
        "counts": {
          "resultCount": 1
        }
      },
      {
        "name": "GetEdges",
        "time": 5,
        "annotations": {
          "percentTime": 62.5
        },
        "counts": {
          "resultCount": 0
        },
        "storeOps": [
          {
            "partitionsAccessed": 1,
            "count": 0,
            "size": 0,
            "time": 0.6
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "name": "GetNeighborVertices",
        "time": 0,
        "annotations": {
          "percentTime": 0
        },
        "counts": {
          "resultCount": 0
        }
      },
      {
        "name": "ProjectOperator",
        "time": 0,
        "annotations": {
          "percentTime": 0
        },
        "counts": {
          "resultCount": 0
        }
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-597">The output of the above profile shows how much time is spent obtaining the Vertex and Edge objects, as well as the size of the working data set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-597">The output of the above profile shows how much time is spent obtaining the Vertex and Edge objects, as well as the size of the working data set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-598">This is related to the standard cost measurements for Azure Cosmos DB queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-598">This is related to the standard cost measurements for Azure Cosmos DB queries.</span></span>

## <a id="cassandra"></a> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-599">Cassandra API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-599">Cassandra API</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-the-protocol-version-supported-in-the-private-preview-is-there-a-plan-to-support-other-protocols"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-600">What is the protocol version supported in the private preview?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-600">What is the protocol version supported in the private preview?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-601">Is there a plan to support other protocols?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-601">Is there a plan to support other protocols?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-602">Apache Cassandra API for Azure Cosmos DB supports today CQL version 4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-602">Apache Cassandra API for Azure Cosmos DB supports today CQL version 4.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-603">If you have feedback about supporting other protocols, let us know via [uservoice feedback](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/263030-azure-cosmos-db) or send an email to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-603">If you have feedback about supporting other protocols, let us know via [uservoice feedback](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/263030-azure-cosmos-db) or send an email to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com).</span></span> 

### <a name="why-is-choosing-a-throughput-for-a-table-a-requirement"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-604">Why is choosing a throughput for a table a requirement?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-604">Why is choosing a throughput for a table a requirement?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-605">Azure Cosmos DB sets default throughput for your container based on where you create the table from - portal or CQL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-605">Azure Cosmos DB sets default throughput for your container based on where you create the table from - portal or CQL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-606">Azure Cosmos DB provides guarantees for performance and latency, with upper bounds on operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-606">Azure Cosmos DB provides guarantees for performance and latency, with upper bounds on operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-607">This guarantee is possible when the engine can enforce governance on the tenant's operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-607">This guarantee is possible when the engine can enforce governance on the tenant's operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-608">Setting throughput ensures that you get the guaranteed throughput and latency, because the platform reserves this capacity and guarantees operation success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-608">Setting throughput ensures that you get the guaranteed throughput and latency, because the platform reserves this capacity and guarantees operation success.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-609">You can elastically change throughput to benefit from the seasonality of your application and save costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-609">You can elastically change throughput to benefit from the seasonality of your application and save costs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-610">The throughput concept is explained in the [Request Units in Azure Cosmos DB](request-units.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-610">The throughput concept is explained in the [Request Units in Azure Cosmos DB](request-units.md) article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-611">The throughput for a table is distributed across the underlying physical partitions equally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-611">The throughput for a table is distributed across the underlying physical partitions equally.</span></span>  

### <a name="what-is-the-default-rus-of-table-when-created-through-cql-what-if-i-need-to-change-it"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-612">What is the default RU/s of table when created through CQL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-612">What is the default RU/s of table when created through CQL?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-613">What If I need to change it?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-613">What If I need to change it?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-614">Azure Cosmos DB uses request units per second (RU/s) as a currency for providing throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-614">Azure Cosmos DB uses request units per second (RU/s) as a currency for providing throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-615">Tables created through CQL have 400 RU.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-615">Tables created through CQL have 400 RU.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-616">You can change the RU from the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-616">You can change the RU from the portal.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-617">CQL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-617">CQL</span></span>
```
CREATE TABLE keyspaceName.tablename (user_id int PRIMARY KEY, lastname text) WITH cosmosdb_provisioned_throughput=1200
```

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-618">.NET</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-618">.NET</span></span>
```csharp
int provisionedThroughput = 400;
var simpleStatement = new SimpleStatement($"CREATE TABLE {keyspaceName}.{tableName} (user_id int PRIMARY KEY, lastname text)");
var outgoingPayload = new Dictionary<string, byte[]>();
outgoingPayload["cosmosdb_provisioned_throughput"] = Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(provisionedThroughput.ToString());
simpleStatement.SetOutgoingPayload(outgoingPayload); 
``` 

### <a name="what-happens-when-throughput-is-exceeded"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-619">What happens when throughput is exceeded?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-619">What happens when throughput is exceeded?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-620">Azure Cosmos DB provides guarantees for performance and latency, with upper bounds on operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-620">Azure Cosmos DB provides guarantees for performance and latency, with upper bounds on operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-621">This guarantee is possible when the engine can enforce governance on the tenant's operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-621">This guarantee is possible when the engine can enforce governance on the tenant's operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-622">This is possible based on setting the throughput, which ensures that you get the guaranteed throughput and latency, because platform reserves this capacity and guarantees operation success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-622">This is possible based on setting the throughput, which ensures that you get the guaranteed throughput and latency, because platform reserves this capacity and guarantees operation success.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-623">When you exceed this capacity you get overloaded error message indicating your capacity was exceeded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-623">When you exceed this capacity you get overloaded error message indicating your capacity was exceeded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-624">0x1001 Overloaded: the request cannot be processed because "Request Rate is large".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-624">0x1001 Overloaded: the request cannot be processed because "Request Rate is large".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-625">At this juncture it is essential to see what operations and their volume causes this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-625">At this juncture it is essential to see what operations and their volume causes this issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-626">You can get an idea about consumed capacity exceeding the provisioned capacity with metrics on the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-626">You can get an idea about consumed capacity exceeding the provisioned capacity with metrics on the portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-627">Then you need to ensure capacity is consumed nearly equally across all underlying partitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-627">Then you need to ensure capacity is consumed nearly equally across all underlying partitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-628">If you see most of the throughput is consumed by one partition, you have skew of workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-628">If you see most of the throughput is consumed by one partition, you have skew of workload.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-629">Metrics are available that show you how throughput is used over hours, days, and per seven days, across partitions or in aggregate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-629">Metrics are available that show you how throughput is used over hours, days, and per seven days, across partitions or in aggregate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-630">For more information, see [Monitoring and debugging with metrics in Azure Cosmos DB](use-metrics.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-630">For more information, see [Monitoring and debugging with metrics in Azure Cosmos DB](use-metrics.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-631">Diagnostic logs are explained in the [Azure Cosmos DB diagnostic logging](logging.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-631">Diagnostic logs are explained in the [Azure Cosmos DB diagnostic logging](logging.md) article.</span></span>

### <a name="does-the-primary-key-map-to-the-partition-key-concept-of-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-632">Does the primary key map to the partition key concept of Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-632">Does the primary key map to the partition key concept of Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-633">Yes, the partition key is used to place the entity in right location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-633">Yes, the partition key is used to place the entity in right location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-634">In Azure Cosmos DB it is used to find right logical partition that is stored on a physical partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-634">In Azure Cosmos DB it is used to find right logical partition that is stored on a physical partition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-635">The partitioning concept is well explained in the [Partition and scale in Azure Cosmos DB](partition-data.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-635">The partitioning concept is well explained in the [Partition and scale in Azure Cosmos DB](partition-data.md) article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-636">The essential take away here is that a logical partition should not exceed the 10 GB limit today.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-636">The essential take away here is that a logical partition should not exceed the 10 GB limit today.</span></span> 

### <a name="what-happens-when-i-get-a-quota-full-notification-indicating-that-a-partition-is-full"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-637">What happens when I get a quota full" notification indicating that a partition is full?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-637">What happens when I get a quota full" notification indicating that a partition is full?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-638">Azure Cosmos DB is a SLA-based system that provides unlimited scale, with guarantees for latency, throughput, availability, and consistency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-638">Azure Cosmos DB is a SLA-based system that provides unlimited scale, with guarantees for latency, throughput, availability, and consistency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-639">It's Cassandra API too allows unlimited storage of data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-639">It's Cassandra API too allows unlimited storage of data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-640">This unlimited storage is based on horizontal scaleout of data using partitioning as the key concept.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-640">This unlimited storage is based on horizontal scaleout of data using partitioning as the key concept.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-641">The partitioning concept is well explained in the [Partition and scale in Azure Cosmos DB](partition-data.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-641">The partitioning concept is well explained in the [Partition and scale in Azure Cosmos DB](partition-data.md) article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-642">The 10-GB limit on the number of entities or items per logical partition you should adhere to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-642">The 10-GB limit on the number of entities or items per logical partition you should adhere to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-643">To ensure that your application scales well, we recommend that you *not* create a hot partition by storing all information in one partition and querying it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-643">To ensure that your application scales well, we recommend that you *not* create a hot partition by storing all information in one partition and querying it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-644">This error can only come if you data is skewed - that is you have lot of data for one partition key - i.e., more than 10 GB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-644">This error can only come if you data is skewed - that is you have lot of data for one partition key - i.e., more than 10 GB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-645">You can find the distribution of data using the storage portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-645">You can find the distribution of data using the storage portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-646">Way to fix this error is to recrete the table and choose a granular primary (partition key), which allows better distribution of data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-646">Way to fix this error is to recrete the table and choose a granular primary (partition key), which allows better distribution of data.</span></span>

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-use-cassandra-api-as-key-value-store-with-millions-or-billions-of-individual-partition-keys"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-647">Is it possible to use Cassandra API as key value store with millions or billions of individual partition keys?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-647">Is it possible to use Cassandra API as key value store with millions or billions of individual partition keys?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-648">Azure Cosmos DB can store unlimited data by scaling out the storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-648">Azure Cosmos DB can store unlimited data by scaling out the storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-649">This is independent of the throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-649">This is independent of the throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-650">Yes you can always just use Cassandra API to store and retrieve key/values by specifying right primary/partition key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-650">Yes you can always just use Cassandra API to store and retrieve key/values by specifying right primary/partition key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-651">These individual keys get their own logical partition and sit atop physical partition without issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-651">These individual keys get their own logical partition and sit atop physical partition without issues.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-create-multiple-tables-with-apache-cassandra-api-of-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-652">Is it possible to create multiple tables with Apache Cassandra API of Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-652">Is it possible to create multiple tables with Apache Cassandra API of Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-653">Yes, it is possible to crete multiple tables with Apache Cassandra API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-653">Yes, it is possible to crete multiple tables with Apache Cassandra API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-654">Each of those tables is treated as unit for throughput and storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-654">Each of those tables is treated as unit for throughput and storage.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-create-multiple-tables-in-succession"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-655">Is it possible to create multiple tables in succession?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-655">Is it possible to create multiple tables in succession?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-656">Azure Cosmos DB is resource governed system for both data and control plane activities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-656">Azure Cosmos DB is resource governed system for both data and control plane activities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-657">Containers like collections, tables are runtime entities which are provisioned for given throughput capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-657">Containers like collections, tables are runtime entities which are provisioned for given throughput capacity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-658">The creation of these containers in quick succession is not expected activity and throttled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-658">The creation of these containers in quick succession is not expected activity and throttled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-659">If you have tests which drop/create tables immediately - please try to space them out.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-659">If you have tests which drop/create tables immediately - please try to space them out.</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-maximum-number-of-tables-which-can-be-created"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-660">What is maximum number of tables which can be created?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-660">What is maximum number of tables which can be created?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-661">There is no physical limit on number of tables, please send an email at [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) if you have very large number of tables (where the total steady size exceeds 10 TB of data) that need to be created from usual 10s or 100s.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-661">There is no physical limit on number of tables, please send an email at [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) if you have very large number of tables (where the total steady size exceeds 10 TB of data) that need to be created from usual 10s or 100s.</span></span> 

### <a name="what-is-the-maximum--of-keyspace-which-we-can-create"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-662">What is the maximum # of keyspace which we can create?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-662">What is the maximum # of keyspace which we can create?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-663">There is no physical limit on number of keyspaces as they are metadata containers, please send an email at [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) if you have very large number of keyspaces for some reason.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-663">There is no physical limit on number of keyspaces as they are metadata containers, please send an email at [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) if you have very large number of keyspaces for some reason.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-bring-in-lot-of-data-after-starting-from-normal-table"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-664">Is it possible to bring in lot of data after starting from normal table?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-664">Is it possible to bring in lot of data after starting from normal table?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-665">The storage capacity is automatically managed and increases as you push in more data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-665">The storage capacity is automatically managed and increases as you push in more data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-666">So you can confidently import as much data as you need without managing and provisioning nodes, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-666">So you can confidently import as much data as you need without managing and provisioning nodes, etc.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-supply-yaml-file-settings-to-configure-apache-casssandra-api-of-azure-cosmos-db-behavior"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-667">Is it possible to supply yaml file settings to configure Apache Casssandra API of Azure Cosmos DB behavior?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-667">Is it possible to supply yaml file settings to configure Apache Casssandra API of Azure Cosmos DB behavior?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-668">Apache Cassandra API of Azure Cosmos DB is a platform service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-668">Apache Cassandra API of Azure Cosmos DB is a platform service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-669">It provides protocol level compatibilty for executing operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-669">It provides protocol level compatibilty for executing operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-670">It hides away the complexity of management, monitoring and configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-670">It hides away the complexity of management, monitoring and configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-671">As a developer/user you do not need to worry about availability, tombstones, key cache, row cache, bloom filter and multitude of other settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-671">As a developer/user you do not need to worry about availability, tombstones, key cache, row cache, bloom filter and multitude of other settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-672">Azure Cosmos DB's Apache Cassandra API focuses on providing read and write performance that you require without the overhead of configuration and management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-672">Azure Cosmos DB's Apache Cassandra API focuses on providing read and write performance that you require without the overhead of configuration and management.</span></span>

### <a name="will-apache-cassandra-api-for-azure-cosmos-db-support-node-additioncluster-statusnode-status-commands"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-673">Will Apache Cassandra API for Azure Cosmos DB support node addition/cluster status/node status commands?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-673">Will Apache Cassandra API for Azure Cosmos DB support node addition/cluster status/node status commands?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-674">Apache Cassandra API is a platform service which makes capacity planning, responding to the elasticity demands for throughput & storage a breeze.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-674">Apache Cassandra API is a platform service which makes capacity planning, responding to the elasticity demands for throughput & storage a breeze.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-675">With Azure Cosmos DB you provision throughput you need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-675">With Azure Cosmos DB you provision throughput you need.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-676">Then you can scale it up and down any number of times through the day without worrying about adding/deleting nodes or managing them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-676">Then you can scale it up and down any number of times through the day without worrying about adding/deleting nodes or managing them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-677">This implies you do not need to use the node, cluster management tool too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-677">This implies you do not need to use the node, cluster management tool too.</span></span> 

### <a name="what-happens-with-respect-to-various-config-settings-for-keyspace-creation-like-simplenetwork"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-678">What happens with respect to various config settings for keyspace creation like simple/network?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-678">What happens with respect to various config settings for keyspace creation like simple/network?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-679">Azure Cosmos DB provides global distribution out of the box for availability and low latency reasons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-679">Azure Cosmos DB provides global distribution out of the box for availability and low latency reasons.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-680">You do not need to setup replicas etc. All writes are always durably quorum committed in a any region where you write while providing performance guarantees.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-680">You do not need to setup replicas etc. All writes are always durably quorum committed in a any region where you write while providing performance guarantees.</span></span>  

### <a name="what-happens-with-respect-to-various-settings-for-table-metadata-like-bloom-filter-caching-read-repair-change-gcgrace-compression-memtableflushperiod-etc"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-681">What happens with respect to various settings for table metadata like bloom filter, caching, read repair change, gc_grace, compression memtable_flush_period etc?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-681">What happens with respect to various settings for table metadata like bloom filter, caching, read repair change, gc_grace, compression memtable_flush_period etc?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-682">Azure Cosmos DB provides performance for reads/writes and throughput without need for touching any of the configuration settings and accidently manipulating them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-682">Azure Cosmos DB provides performance for reads/writes and throughput without need for touching any of the configuration settings and accidently manipulating them.</span></span>  

### <a name="is-time-to-live-ttl-supported-for-cassandra-tables"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-683">Is time-to-live (TTL) supported for Cassandra tables?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-683">Is time-to-live (TTL) supported for Cassandra tables?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-684">Yes, TTL is supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-684">Yes, TTL is supported.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-monitor-node-status-replica-status-gc-and-os-parameters-earlier-with-various-tools-what-needs-to-be-monitored-now"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-685">Is it possible to monitor node status, replica status, gc, and OS parameters earlier with various tools?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-685">Is it possible to monitor node status, replica status, gc, and OS parameters earlier with various tools?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-686">What needs to be monitored now?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-686">What needs to be monitored now?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-687">Azure Cosmos DB is a platform service that helps you increase productivity and not worry about managing and monitoring infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-687">Azure Cosmos DB is a platform service that helps you increase productivity and not worry about managing and monitoring infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-688">You just need to take care of throughput which is available on portal metrics to find if you are getting throttled and increase or decrease that throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-688">You just need to take care of throughput which is available on portal metrics to find if you are getting throttled and increase or decrease that throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-689">Monitor [SLAs](monitor-accounts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-689">Monitor [SLAs](monitor-accounts.md).</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-690">Use [Metrics](use-metrics.md) Use [Diagnostic logs](logging.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-690">Use [Metrics](use-metrics.md) Use [Diagnostic logs](logging.md).</span></span>

### <a name="which-client-sdks-can-work-with-apache-cassandra-api-of-azure-cosmos-db"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-691">Which client SDKs can work with Apache Cassandra API of Azure Cosmos DB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-691">Which client SDKs can work with Apache Cassandra API of Azure Cosmos DB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-692">In private preview Apache Cassandra SDK's client drivers which use CQLv3 were used for client programs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-692">In private preview Apache Cassandra SDK's client drivers which use CQLv3 were used for client programs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-693">If you have other drivers that you use or if you are facing issues, send mail to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-693">If you have other drivers that you use or if you are facing issues, send mail to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com).</span></span> 

### <a name="is-composite-partition-key-supported"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-694">Is composite partition key supported?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-694">Is composite partition key supported?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-695">Yes, you can use regular syntax to create composite partition key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-695">Yes, you can use regular syntax to create composite partition key.</span></span> 

### <a name="can-i-use-sstable-loader-for-data-loading"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-696">Can I use sstable loader for data loading?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-696">Can I use sstable loader for data loading?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-697">No, during preview sstable loader is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-697">No, during preview sstable loader is not supported.</span></span> 

### <a name="can-an-on-premises-cassandra-cluster-be-paired-with-azure-cosmos-dbs-apache-cassandra-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-698">Can an on-premises cassandra cluster be paired with Azure Cosmos DB's Apache Cassandra API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-698">Can an on-premises cassandra cluster be paired with Azure Cosmos DB's Apache Cassandra API?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-699">At present Azure Cosmos DB has an optimized experience for cloud environment without overhead of operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-699">At present Azure Cosmos DB has an optimized experience for cloud environment without overhead of operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-700">If you require pairing, please send mail to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) with a description of your scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-700">If you require pairing, please send mail to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) with a description of your scenario.</span></span>

### <a name="does-cassandra-api-provide-full-backups"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-701">Does Cassandra API provide full backups?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-701">Does Cassandra API provide full backups?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-702">Azure Cosmos DB provides two free full backups taken at four hours interval today across all APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-702">Azure Cosmos DB provides two free full backups taken at four hours interval today across all APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-703">This ensures you do not need to setup a backup schedule etc. If you want to modify retention and frequency, send an email to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) or raise a support case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-703">This ensures you do not need to setup a backup schedule etc. If you want to modify retention and frequency, send an email to [askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com](mailto:askcosmosdbcassandra@microsoft.com) or raise a support case.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-704">Information about backup capability is provided in the [Automatic online backup and restore with Azure Cosmos DB](online-backup-and-restore.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-704">Information about backup capability is provided in the [Automatic online backup and restore with Azure Cosmos DB](online-backup-and-restore.md) article.</span></span> 

### <a name="how-does-the-cassandra-api-account-handle-failover-if-a-region-goes-down"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-705">How does the Cassandra API account handle failover if a region goes down?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-705">How does the Cassandra API account handle failover if a region goes down?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-706">The Azure Cosmos DB Cassandra API borrows from the globally distributed platform of Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-706">The Azure Cosmos DB Cassandra API borrows from the globally distributed platform of Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-707">To ensure that your application can tolerate datacenter downtime, enable at least one more region for the account in the Azure Cosmos DB portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-707">To ensure that your application can tolerate datacenter downtime, enable at least one more region for the account in the Azure Cosmos DB portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-708">You can set the priority of the region by using the portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-708">You can set the priority of the region by using the portal [Developing with multi-region Azure Cosmos DB accounts](regional-failover.md).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d5568-709">You can add as many regions as you want for the account and control where it can fail over to by providing a failover priority.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-709">You can add as many regions as you want for the account and control where it can fail over to by providing a failover priority.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-710">To use the database, you need to provide an application there too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-710">To use the database, you need to provide an application there too.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-711">When you do so, your customers will not experience downtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-711">When you do so, your customers will not experience downtime.</span></span> 

### <a name="does-the-apache-cassandra-api-index-all-attributes-of-an-entity-by-default"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-712">Does the Apache Cassandra API index all attributes of an entity by default?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-712">Does the Apache Cassandra API index all attributes of an entity by default?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-713">Yes, all attributes of an entity are indexed by default by Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-713">Yes, all attributes of an entity are indexed by default by Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-714">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-714">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-715">You get benefits of guaranteed performance with consistent indexing and durable quorum committed writes always.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-715">You get benefits of guaranteed performance with consistent indexing and durable quorum committed writes always.</span></span> 

### <a name="does-this-mean-i-do-not-have-to-create-multiple-indexes-to-satisfy-the-queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-716">Does this mean I do not have to create multiple indexes to satisfy the queries?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-716">Does this mean I do not have to create multiple indexes to satisfy the queries?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-717">Yes, Azure Cosmos DB provides automatic indexing of all attributes without any schema definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-717">Yes, Azure Cosmos DB provides automatic indexing of all attributes without any schema definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-718">This automation frees developers to focus on the application rather than on index creation and management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-718">This automation frees developers to focus on the application rather than on index creation and management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-719">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-719">For more information, see [Azure Cosmos DB: Indexing policies](indexing-policies.md).</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-use-the-new-cassandra-api-sdk-locally-with-the-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-720">Can I use the new Cassandra API SDK locally with the emulator?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-720">Can I use the new Cassandra API SDK locally with the emulator?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-721">We plan to support this capability in future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-721">We plan to support this capability in future.</span></span> 

### <a name="azure-cosmos-db-as-a-platform-seems-to-have-lot-of-capabilities-such-as-changefeed-and-other-functionality-will-these-capabilities-be-added-to-the-cassandra-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-722">Azure Cosmos DB as a platform seems to have lot of capabilities, such as changefeed and other functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-722">Azure Cosmos DB as a platform seems to have lot of capabilities, such as changefeed and other functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-723">Will these capabilities be added to the Cassandra API?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-723">Will these capabilities be added to the Cassandra API?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-724">The Apache Cassandra API provides the same CQL functionality as Apache Cassandra.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-724">The Apache Cassandra API provides the same CQL functionality as Apache Cassandra.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d5568-725">We do plan to look into feasibility of supporting various capabilities in future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-725">We do plan to look into feasibility of supporting various capabilities in future.</span></span>

### <a name="feature-x-of-regular-cassandra-api-is-not-working-as-today-where-can-the-feedback-be-provided"></a><span data-ttu-id="d5568-726">Feature x of regular Cassandra API is not working as today, where can the feedback be provided?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-726">Feature x of regular Cassandra API is not working as today, where can the feedback be provided?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d5568-727">Provide feedback via [uservoice feedback](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/263030-azure-cosmos-db).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d5568-727">Provide feedback via [uservoice feedback](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/263030-azure-cosmos-db).</span></span>

[azure-portal]: https://portal.azure.com
[query]: sql-api-sql-query.md
