---
title: Load Balancer custom probes and monitoring health status | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to use custom probes for Azure Load Balancer to monitor instances behind Load Balancer
services: load-balancer
documentationcenter: na
author: kumudd
manager: timlt
editor: ''
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: 46b152c5-6a27-4bfc-bea3-05de9ce06a57
ms.service: load-balancer
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 10/24/2016
ms.author: kumud
ms.openlocfilehash: cab028fed58d544a56f2f6b12b72364c7baf4d86
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551333"
---
# <a name="understand-load-balancer-probes"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-103">Understand load balancer probes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-103">Understand load balancer probes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-104">Azure Load Balancer offers the capability to monitor the health of server instances by using probes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-104">Azure Load Balancer offers the capability to monitor the health of server instances by using probes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-105">When a probe fails to respond, Load Balancer stops sending new connections to the unhealthy instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-105">When a probe fails to respond, Load Balancer stops sending new connections to the unhealthy instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-106">The existing connections are not affected, and new connections are sent to healthy instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-106">The existing connections are not affected, and new connections are sent to healthy instances.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-107">Cloud service roles (worker roles and web roles) use a guest agent for probe monitoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-107">Cloud service roles (worker roles and web roles) use a guest agent for probe monitoring.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-108">TCP or HTTP custom probes must be configured when you use virtual machines behind Load Balancer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-108">TCP or HTTP custom probes must be configured when you use virtual machines behind Load Balancer.</span></span>

## <a name="understand-probe-count-and-timeout"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-109">Understand probe count and timeout</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-109">Understand probe count and timeout</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-110">Probe behavior depends on:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-110">Probe behavior depends on:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="54224-111">The number of successful probes that allow an instance to be labeled as up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-111">The number of successful probes that allow an instance to be labeled as up.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54224-112">The number of failed probes that cause an instance to be labeled as down.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-112">The number of failed probes that cause an instance to be labeled as down.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-113">The timeout and frequency value set in  SuccessFailCount determine whether an instance is confirmed to be running or not running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-113">The timeout and frequency value set in  SuccessFailCount determine whether an instance is confirmed to be running or not running.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-114">In the Azure portal, the timeout is set to two times the value of the frequency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-114">In the Azure portal, the timeout is set to two times the value of the frequency.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-115">The probe configuration of all load-balanced instances for an endpoint (that is, a load-balanced set) must be the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-115">The probe configuration of all load-balanced instances for an endpoint (that is, a load-balanced set) must be the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-116">This means you cannot have a different probe configuration for each role instance or virtual machine in the same hosted service for a particular endpoint combination.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-116">This means you cannot have a different probe configuration for each role instance or virtual machine in the same hosted service for a particular endpoint combination.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-117">For example, each instance must have identical local ports and timeouts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-117">For example, each instance must have identical local ports and timeouts.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="54224-118">A Load Balancer probe uses the IP address 168.63.129.16.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-118">A Load Balancer probe uses the IP address 168.63.129.16.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-119">This public IP address facilitates communication to internal platform resources for the bring-your-own-IP Azure Virtual Network scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-119">This public IP address facilitates communication to internal platform resources for the bring-your-own-IP Azure Virtual Network scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-120">The virtual public IP address 168.63.129.16 is used in all regions and will not change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-120">The virtual public IP address 168.63.129.16 is used in all regions and will not change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-121">We recommend that you allow this IP address in any local firewall policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-121">We recommend that you allow this IP address in any local firewall policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-122">It should not be considered a security risk because only the internal Azure platform can source a message from that address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-122">It should not be considered a security risk because only the internal Azure platform can source a message from that address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-123">If you do not do this, there will be unexpected behavior in a variety of scenarios like configuring the same IP address range of 168.63.129.16 and having duplicated IP addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-123">If you do not do this, there will be unexpected behavior in a variety of scenarios like configuring the same IP address range of 168.63.129.16 and having duplicated IP addresses.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-about-the-types-of-probes"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-124">Learn about the types of probes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-124">Learn about the types of probes</span></span>

### <a name="guest-agent-probe"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-125">Guest agent probe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-125">Guest agent probe</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-126">This probe is available for Azure Cloud Services only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-126">This probe is available for Azure Cloud Services only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-127">Load Balancer utilizes the guest agent inside the virtual machine, and then listens and responds with an HTTP 200 OK response only when the instance is in the Ready state (that is, not in another state such as Busy, Recycling, or Stopping).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-127">Load Balancer utilizes the guest agent inside the virtual machine, and then listens and responds with an HTTP 200 OK response only when the instance is in the Ready state (that is, not in another state such as Busy, Recycling, or Stopping).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-128">For more information, see [Configuring the service definition file (csdef) for health probes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee758710.aspx) or [Get started creating an Internet-facing load balancer for cloud services](load-balancer-get-started-internet-classic-cloud.md#check-load-balancer-health-status-for-cloud-services).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-128">For more information, see [Configuring the service definition file (csdef) for health probes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee758710.aspx) or [Get started creating an Internet-facing load balancer for cloud services](load-balancer-get-started-internet-classic-cloud.md#check-load-balancer-health-status-for-cloud-services).</span></span>

### <a name="what-makes-a-guest-agent-probe-mark-an-instance-as-unhealthy"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-129">What makes a guest agent probe mark an instance as unhealthy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-129">What makes a guest agent probe mark an instance as unhealthy?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-130">If the guest agent fails to respond with HTTP 200 OK, the load balancer marks the instance as unresponsive and stops sending traffic to that instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-130">If the guest agent fails to respond with HTTP 200 OK, the load balancer marks the instance as unresponsive and stops sending traffic to that instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-131">The load balancer continues to ping the instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-131">The load balancer continues to ping the instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-132">If the guest agent responds with an HTTP 200, the load balancer sends traffic to that instance again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-132">If the guest agent responds with an HTTP 200, the load balancer sends traffic to that instance again.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-133">When you use a web role, the website code typically runs in w3wp.exe, which is not monitored by the Azure fabric or guest agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-133">When you use a web role, the website code typically runs in w3wp.exe, which is not monitored by the Azure fabric or guest agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-134">This means that failures in w3wp.exe (for example, HTTP 500 responses) will not be reported to the guest agent, and the load balancer will not take that instance out of rotation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-134">This means that failures in w3wp.exe (for example, HTTP 500 responses) will not be reported to the guest agent, and the load balancer will not take that instance out of rotation.</span></span>

### <a name="http-custom-probe"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-135">HTTP custom probe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-135">HTTP custom probe</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-136">The custom HTTP Load Balancer probe overrides the default guest agent probe, which means that you can create your own custom logic to determine the health of the role instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-136">The custom HTTP Load Balancer probe overrides the default guest agent probe, which means that you can create your own custom logic to determine the health of the role instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-137">The load balancer probes your endpoint every 15 seconds, by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-137">The load balancer probes your endpoint every 15 seconds, by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-138">The instance is considered to be in the load balancer rotation if it responds with an HTTP 200 within the timeout period (31 seconds by default).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-138">The instance is considered to be in the load balancer rotation if it responds with an HTTP 200 within the timeout period (31 seconds by default).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-139">This can be useful if you want to implement your own logic to remove instances from load balancer rotation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-139">This can be useful if you want to implement your own logic to remove instances from load balancer rotation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-140">For example, you could decide to remove an instance if it is above 90% CPU and returns a non-200 status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-140">For example, you could decide to remove an instance if it is above 90% CPU and returns a non-200 status.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-141">If you have web roles that use w3wp.exe, this also means you get automatic monitoring of your website, because failures in your website code will return a non-200 status to the load balancer probe.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-141">If you have web roles that use w3wp.exe, this also means you get automatic monitoring of your website, because failures in your website code will return a non-200 status to the load balancer probe.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="54224-142">The HTTP custom probe supports relative paths and HTTP protocol only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-142">The HTTP custom probe supports relative paths and HTTP protocol only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-143">HTTPS is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-143">HTTPS is not supported.</span></span>

### <a name="what-makes-an-http-custom-probe-mark-an-instance-as-unhealthy"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-144">What makes an HTTP custom probe mark an instance as unhealthy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-144">What makes an HTTP custom probe mark an instance as unhealthy?</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="54224-145">The HTTP application returns an HTTP response code other than 200 (for example, 403, 404, or 500).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-145">The HTTP application returns an HTTP response code other than 200 (for example, 403, 404, or 500).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-146">This is a positive acknowledgment that the application instance should be taken out of service right away.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-146">This is a positive acknowledgment that the application instance should be taken out of service right away.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54224-147">The HTTP server does not respond at all after the timeout period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-147">The HTTP server does not respond at all after the timeout period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-148">Depending on the timeout value that is set, this might mean that multiple probe requests go unanswered before the probe gets marked as not running (that is, before SuccessFailCount probes are sent).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-148">Depending on the timeout value that is set, this might mean that multiple probe requests go unanswered before the probe gets marked as not running (that is, before SuccessFailCount probes are sent).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54224-149">The server closes the connection via a TCP reset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-149">The server closes the connection via a TCP reset.</span></span>

### <a name="tcp-custom-probe"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-150">TCP custom probe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-150">TCP custom probe</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-151">TCP probes initiate a connection by performing a three-way handshake with the defined port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-151">TCP probes initiate a connection by performing a three-way handshake with the defined port.</span></span>

### <a name="what-makes-a-tcp-custom-probe-mark-an-instance-as-unhealthy"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-152">What makes a TCP custom probe mark an instance as unhealthy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-152">What makes a TCP custom probe mark an instance as unhealthy?</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="54224-153">The TCP server does not respond at all after the timeout period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-153">The TCP server does not respond at all after the timeout period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-154">When the probe is marked as not running depends on the number of failed probe requests that were configured to go unanswered before marking the probe as not running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-154">When the probe is marked as not running depends on the number of failed probe requests that were configured to go unanswered before marking the probe as not running.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54224-155">The probe receives a TCP reset from the role instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-155">The probe receives a TCP reset from the role instance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-156">For more information about configuring an HTTP health probe or a TCP probe, see [Get started creating an Internet-facing load balancer in Resource Manager using PowerShell](load-balancer-get-started-internet-arm-ps.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-156">For more information about configuring an HTTP health probe or a TCP probe, see [Get started creating an Internet-facing load balancer in Resource Manager using PowerShell](load-balancer-get-started-internet-arm-ps.md).</span></span>

## <a name="add-healthy-instances-back-into-load-balancer-rotation"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-157">Add healthy instances back into load balancer rotation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-157">Add healthy instances back into load balancer rotation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-158">TCP and HTTP probes are considered healthy and mark the role instance as healthy when:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-158">TCP and HTTP probes are considered healthy and mark the role instance as healthy when:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="54224-159">The load balancer gets a positive probe the first time the VM boots.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-159">The load balancer gets a positive probe the first time the VM boots.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54224-160">The number SuccessFailCount (described earlier) defines the value of successful probes that are required to mark the role instance as healthy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-160">The number SuccessFailCount (described earlier) defines the value of successful probes that are required to mark the role instance as healthy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-161">If a role instance was removed, the number of successful, successive probes must equal or exceed the value of SuccessFailCount to mark the role instance as running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-161">If a role instance was removed, the number of successful, successive probes must equal or exceed the value of SuccessFailCount to mark the role instance as running.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="54224-162">If the health of a role instance is fluctuating, the load balancer waits longer before putting the role instance back in the healthy state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-162">If the health of a role instance is fluctuating, the load balancer waits longer before putting the role instance back in the healthy state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-163">This is done via policy to protect the user and the infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-163">This is done via policy to protect the user and the infrastructure.</span></span>

## <a name="use-log-analytics-for-load-balancer"></a><span data-ttu-id="54224-164">Use log analytics for Load Balancer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-164">Use log analytics for Load Balancer</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54224-165">You can use [log analytics for Load Balancer](load-balancer-monitor-log.md) to check on the probe health status and probe count.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-165">You can use [log analytics for Load Balancer](load-balancer-monitor-log.md) to check on the probe health status and probe count.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54224-166">Logging can be used with Power BI or Azure Operational Insights to provide statistics about Load Balancer health status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54224-166">Logging can be used with Power BI or Azure Operational Insights to provide statistics about Load Balancer health status.</span></span>
