---
title: Troubleshoot Azure Load Balancer | Microsoft Docs
description: Troubleshoot known issues with Azure Load Balancer
services: load-balancer
documentationcenter: na
author: RamanDhillon
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: load-balancer
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 04/17/2017
ms.author: kumud
ms.openlocfilehash: 53425eaf388e5164d2664c163f56a33d48cf8a36
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553561"
---
# <a name="troubleshoot-azure-load-balancer"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-103">Troubleshoot Azure Load Balancer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-103">Troubleshoot Azure Load Balancer</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-104">This page provides troubleshooting information for common Azure Load Balancer questions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-104">This page provides troubleshooting information for common Azure Load Balancer questions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-105">When the Load Balancer connectivity is unavailable, the most common symptoms are as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-105">When the Load Balancer connectivity is unavailable, the most common symptoms are as follows:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-106">VMs behind the Load Balancer are not responding to health probes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-106">VMs behind the Load Balancer are not responding to health probes</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-107">VMs behind the Load Balancer are not responding to the traffic on the configured port</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-107">VMs behind the Load Balancer are not responding to the traffic on the configured port</span></span>

## <a name="symptom-vms-behind-the-load-balancer-are-not-responding-to-health-probes"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-108">Symptom: VMs behind the Load Balancer are not responding to health probes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-108">Symptom: VMs behind the Load Balancer are not responding to health probes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-109">For the backend servers to participate in the load balancer set, they must pass the probe check.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-109">For the backend servers to participate in the load balancer set, they must pass the probe check.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-110">For more information about health probes, see [Understanding Load Balancer Probes](load-balancer-custom-probe-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-110">For more information about health probes, see [Understanding Load Balancer Probes](load-balancer-custom-probe-overview.md).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-111">The Load Balancer backend pool VMs may not be responding to the probes due to any of the following reasons:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-111">The Load Balancer backend pool VMs may not be responding to the probes due to any of the following reasons:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-112">Load Balancer backend pool VM is unhealthy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-112">Load Balancer backend pool VM is unhealthy</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-113">Load Balancer backend pool VM is not listening on the probe port</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-113">Load Balancer backend pool VM is not listening on the probe port</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-114">Firewall, or a network security group is blocking the port on the Load Balancer backend pool VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-114">Firewall, or a network security group is blocking the port on the Load Balancer backend pool VMs</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-115">Other misconfigurations in Load Balancer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-115">Other misconfigurations in Load Balancer</span></span>

### <a name="cause-1-load-balancer-backend-pool-vm-is-unhealthy"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-116">Cause 1: Load Balancer backend pool VM is unhealthy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-116">Cause 1: Load Balancer backend pool VM is unhealthy</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-117">**Validation and resolution**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-117">**Validation and resolution**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-118">To resolve this issue, log in to the participating VMs, and check if the VM state is healthy, and can respond to **PsPing** or **TCPing** from another VM in the pool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-118">To resolve this issue, log in to the participating VMs, and check if the VM state is healthy, and can respond to **PsPing** or **TCPing** from another VM in the pool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-119">If the VM is unhealthy, or is unable to respond to the probe, you must rectify the issue and get the VM back to a healthy state before it can participate in load balancing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-119">If the VM is unhealthy, or is unable to respond to the probe, you must rectify the issue and get the VM back to a healthy state before it can participate in load balancing.</span></span>

### <a name="cause-2-load-balancer-backend-pool-vm-is-not-listening-on-the-probe-port"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-120">Cause 2: Load Balancer backend pool VM is not listening on the probe port</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-120">Cause 2: Load Balancer backend pool VM is not listening on the probe port</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-121">If the VM is healthy, but is not responding to the probe, then one possible reason could be that the probe port is not open on the participating VM, or the VM is not listening on that port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-121">If the VM is healthy, but is not responding to the probe, then one possible reason could be that the probe port is not open on the participating VM, or the VM is not listening on that port.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-122">**Validation and resolution**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-122">**Validation and resolution**</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-123">Log in to the backend VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-123">Log in to the backend VM.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-124">Open a command prompt and run the following command to validate there is an application listening on the probe port:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-124">Open a command prompt and run the following command to validate there is an application listening on the probe port:</span></span>   
            <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-125">netstat -an</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-125">netstat -an</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-126">If the port state is not listed as **LISTENING**, configure the proper port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-126">If the port state is not listed as **LISTENING**, configure the proper port.</span></span> 
4. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-127">Alternatively, select another port, that is listed as **LISTENING**, and update load balancer configuration accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-127">Alternatively, select another port, that is listed as **LISTENING**, and update load balancer configuration accordingly.</span></span>              

###<a name="cause-3-firewall-or-a-network-security-group-is-blocking-the-port-on-the-load-balancer-backend-pool-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-128">Cause 3: Firewall, or a network security group is blocking the port on the load balancer backend pool VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-128">Cause 3: Firewall, or a network security group is blocking the port on the load balancer backend pool VMs</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-129">If the firewall on the VM is blocking the probe port, or one or more network security groups configured on the subnet or on the VM, is not allowing the probe to reach the port, the VM is unable to respond to the health probe.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-129">If the firewall on the VM is blocking the probe port, or one or more network security groups configured on the subnet or on the VM, is not allowing the probe to reach the port, the VM is unable to respond to the health probe.</span></span>          

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-130">**Validation and resolution**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-130">**Validation and resolution**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-131">If the firewall is enabled, check if it is configured to allow the probe port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-131">If the firewall is enabled, check if it is configured to allow the probe port.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-132">If not, configure the firewall to allow traffic on the probe port, and test again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-132">If not, configure the firewall to allow traffic on the probe port, and test again.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-133">From the list of network security groups, check if the incoming or outgoing traffic on the probe port has interference.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-133">From the list of network security groups, check if the incoming or outgoing traffic on the probe port has interference.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-134">Also, check if a **Deny All** network security groups rule on the NIC of the VM or the subnet that has a higher priority than the default rule that allows LB probes & traffic (network security groups must allow Load Balancer IP of 168.63.129.16).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-134">Also, check if a **Deny All** network security groups rule on the NIC of the VM or the subnet that has a higher priority than the default rule that allows LB probes & traffic (network security groups must allow Load Balancer IP of 168.63.129.16).</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-135">If any of these rules are blocking the probe traffic, remove and reconfigure the rules to allow the probe traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-135">If any of these rules are blocking the probe traffic, remove and reconfigure the rules to allow the probe traffic.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-136">Test if the VM has now started responding to the health probes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-136">Test if the VM has now started responding to the health probes.</span></span> 

### <a name="cause-4-other-misconfigurations-in-load-balancer"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-137">Cause 4: Other misconfigurations in Load Balancer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-137">Cause 4: Other misconfigurations in Load Balancer</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-138">If all the preceding causes seem to be validated and resolved correctly, and the backend VM still does not respond to the health probe, then manually test for connectivity, and collect some traces to understand the connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-138">If all the preceding causes seem to be validated and resolved correctly, and the backend VM still does not respond to the health probe, then manually test for connectivity, and collect some traces to understand the connectivity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-139">**Validation and resolution**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-139">**Validation and resolution**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-140">Use **Psping** from one of the other VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: .\psping.exe -t 10.0.0.4:3389) and record results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-140">Use **Psping** from one of the other VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: .\psping.exe -t 10.0.0.4:3389) and record results.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-141">Use **TCPing** from one of the other VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: .\tcping.exe 10.0.0.4 3389) and record results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-141">Use **TCPing** from one of the other VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: .\tcping.exe 10.0.0.4 3389) and record results.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-142">If no response is received in these ping tests, then</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-142">If no response is received in these ping tests, then</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-143">Run a simultaneous Netsh trace on the target backend pool VM and another test VM from the same VNet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-143">Run a simultaneous Netsh trace on the target backend pool VM and another test VM from the same VNet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-144">Now, run a PsPing test for some time, collect some network traces, and then stop the test.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-144">Now, run a PsPing test for some time, collect some network traces, and then stop the test.</span></span> 
    - <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-145">Analyze the network capture and see if there are both incoming and outgoing packets related to the ping query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-145">Analyze the network capture and see if there are both incoming and outgoing packets related to the ping query.</span></span> 
        - <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-146">If no incoming packets are observed on the backend pool VM, there is potentially a network security groups or UDR mis-configuration blocking the traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-146">If no incoming packets are observed on the backend pool VM, there is potentially a network security groups or UDR mis-configuration blocking the traffic.</span></span> 
        - <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-147">If no outgoing packets are observed on the backend pool VM, the VM needs to be checked for any unrelated issues (for eample, Application blocking the probe port).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-147">If no outgoing packets are observed on the backend pool VM, the VM needs to be checked for any unrelated issues (for eample, Application blocking the probe port).</span></span> 
    - <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-148">Verify if the probe packets are being forced to another destination (possibly via UDR settings) before reaching the load balancer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-148">Verify if the probe packets are being forced to another destination (possibly via UDR settings) before reaching the load balancer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-149">This can cause the traffic to never reach the backend VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-149">This can cause the traffic to never reach the backend VM.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-150">Change the probe type (for example, HTTP to TCP), and configure the corresponding port in network security groups ACLs and firewall to validate if the issue is with the configuration of probe response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-150">Change the probe type (for example, HTTP to TCP), and configure the corresponding port in network security groups ACLs and firewall to validate if the issue is with the configuration of probe response.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-151">For more information about health probe configuration, see [Endpoint Load Balancing health probe configuration](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mast/2016/01/26/endpoint-load-balancing-heath-probe-configuration-details/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-151">For more information about health probe configuration, see [Endpoint Load Balancing health probe configuration](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mast/2016/01/26/endpoint-load-balancing-heath-probe-configuration-details/).</span></span>

## <a name="symptom-vms-behind-load-balancer-are-not-responding-to-traffic-on-the-configured-data-port"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-152">Symptom: VMs behind Load Balancer are not responding to traffic on the configured data port</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-152">Symptom: VMs behind Load Balancer are not responding to traffic on the configured data port</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-153">If a backend pool VM is listed as healthy and responds to the health probes, but is still not participating in the Load Balancing, or is not responding to the data traffic, it may be due to any of the following reasons:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-153">If a backend pool VM is listed as healthy and responds to the health probes, but is still not participating in the Load Balancing, or is not responding to the data traffic, it may be due to any of the following reasons:</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-154">Load Balancer Backend pool VM is not listening on the data port</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-154">Load Balancer Backend pool VM is not listening on the data port</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-155">Network security group is blocking the port on the Load Balancer backend pool VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-155">Network security group is blocking the port on the Load Balancer backend pool VM</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-156">Accessing the Load Balancer from the same VM and NIC</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-156">Accessing the Load Balancer from the same VM and NIC</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-157">Accessing the Internet Load Balancer VIP from the participating Load Balancer backend pool VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-157">Accessing the Internet Load Balancer VIP from the participating Load Balancer backend pool VM</span></span> 

### <a name="cause-1-load-balancer-backend-pool-vm-is-not-listening-on-the-data-port"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-158">Cause 1: Load Balancer backend pool VM is not listening on the data port</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-158">Cause 1: Load Balancer backend pool VM is not listening on the data port</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-159">If a VM does not respond to the data traffic, it may be because either the target port is not open on the participating VM, or, the VM is not listening on that port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-159">If a VM does not respond to the data traffic, it may be because either the target port is not open on the participating VM, or, the VM is not listening on that port.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-160">**Validation and resolution**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-160">**Validation and resolution**</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-161">Log in to the backend VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-161">Log in to the backend VM.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-162">Open a command prompt and run the following command to validate there is an application listening on the data port:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-162">Open a command prompt and run the following command to validate there is an application listening on the data port:</span></span>  
            <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-163">netstat -an</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-163">netstat -an</span></span> 
3. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-164">If the port is not listed with State “LISTENING”, configure the proper listener port</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-164">If the port is not listed with State “LISTENING”, configure the proper listener port</span></span> 
4. <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-165">If the port is marked as Listening, then check the target application on that port for any possible issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-165">If the port is marked as Listening, then check the target application on that port for any possible issues.</span></span> 

### <a name="cause-2-network-security-group-is-blocking-the-port-on-the-load-balancer-backend-pool-vm"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-166">Cause 2: Network security group is blocking the port on the Load Balancer backend pool VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-166">Cause 2: Network security group is blocking the port on the Load Balancer backend pool VM</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-167">If one or more network security groups configured on the subnet or on the VM, is blocking the source IP or port, then the VM is unable to respond.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-167">If one or more network security groups configured on the subnet or on the VM, is blocking the source IP or port, then the VM is unable to respond.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-168">List the network security groups configured on the backend VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-168">List the network security groups configured on the backend VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-169">For more information, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-169">For more information, see:</span></span>
    -  [<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-170">Manage network security groups using the Portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-170">Manage network security groups using the Portal</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-network-manage-nsg-arm-portal.md)
    -  [<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-171">Manage network security groups using PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-171">Manage network security groups using PowerShell</span></span>](../virtual-network/virtual-network-manage-nsg-arm-ps.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-172">From the list of network security groups, check if:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-172">From the list of network security groups, check if:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-173">the incoming or outgoing traffic on the data port has interference.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-173">the incoming or outgoing traffic on the data port has interference.</span></span> 
    - <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-174">a **Deny All** network security group rule on the NIC of the VM or the subnet that has a higher priority that the default rule that allows Load Balancer probes and traffic (network security groups must allow Load Balancer IP of 168.63.129.16, that is probe port)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-174">a **Deny All** network security group rule on the NIC of the VM or the subnet that has a higher priority that the default rule that allows Load Balancer probes and traffic (network security groups must allow Load Balancer IP of 168.63.129.16, that is probe port)</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-175">If any of the rules are blocking the traffic, remove and reconfigure those rules to allow the data traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-175">If any of the rules are blocking the traffic, remove and reconfigure those rules to allow the data traffic.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-176">Test if the VM has now started to respond to the health probes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-176">Test if the VM has now started to respond to the health probes.</span></span>

### <a name="cause-3-accessing-the-load-balancer-from-the-same-vm-and-network-interface"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-177">Cause 3: Accessing the Load Balancer from the same VM and Network interface</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-177">Cause 3: Accessing the Load Balancer from the same VM and Network interface</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-178">If your application hosted in the backend VM of a Load Balancer is trying to access another application hosted in the same backend VM over the same Network Interface, it is an unsupported scenario and will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-178">If your application hosted in the backend VM of a Load Balancer is trying to access another application hosted in the same backend VM over the same Network Interface, it is an unsupported scenario and will fail.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-179">**Resolution** You can resolve this issue via one of the following methods:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-179">**Resolution** You can resolve this issue via one of the following methods:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-180">Configure separate backend pool VMs per application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-180">Configure separate backend pool VMs per application.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-181">Configure the application in dual NIC VMs so each application was using its own Network interface and IP address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-181">Configure the application in dual NIC VMs so each application was using its own Network interface and IP address.</span></span> 

### <a name="cause-4-accessing-the-internet-load-balancer-vip-from-the-participating-load-balancer-backend-pool-vm"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-182">Cause 4: Accessing the Internet Load Balancer VIP from the participating Load Balancer backend pool VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-182">Cause 4: Accessing the Internet Load Balancer VIP from the participating Load Balancer backend pool VM</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-183">If an ILB VIP is configured inside a VNet, and one of the participant backend VMs is trying to access the Internet Load Balancer VIP, that results in failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-183">If an ILB VIP is configured inside a VNet, and one of the participant backend VMs is trying to access the Internet Load Balancer VIP, that results in failure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-184">This is an unsupported scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-184">This is an unsupported scenario.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-185">**Resolution** Evaluate Application Gateway or other proxies (for example, nginx or haproxy) to support that kind of scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-185">**Resolution** Evaluate Application Gateway or other proxies (for example, nginx or haproxy) to support that kind of scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-186">For more information about Application Gateway, see [Overview of Application Gateway](../application-gateway/application-gateway-introduction.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-186">For more information about Application Gateway, see [Overview of Application Gateway](../application-gateway/application-gateway-introduction.md)</span></span>

## <a name="additional-network-captures"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-187">Additional network captures</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-187">Additional network captures</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-188">If you decide to open a support case, collect the following information for a quicker resolution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-188">If you decide to open a support case, collect the following information for a quicker resolution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-189">Choose a single backend VM to perform the following tests:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-189">Choose a single backend VM to perform the following tests:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-190">Use Psping from one of the backend VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: psping 10.0.0.4:3389) and record results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-190">Use Psping from one of the backend VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: psping 10.0.0.4:3389) and record results.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-191">Use TCPing from one of the backend VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: psping 10.0.0.4:3389) and record results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-191">Use TCPing from one of the backend VMs within the VNet to test the probe port response (example: psping 10.0.0.4:3389) and record results.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-192">If no response is received in these ping tests, run a simultaneous Netsh trace on the backend VM and the VNet test VM while you run PsPing then stop the Netsh trace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-192">If no response is received in these ping tests, run a simultaneous Netsh trace on the backend VM and the VNet test VM while you run PsPing then stop the Netsh trace.</span></span> 
  
## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-193">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-193">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b4c7-194">If the preceding steps do not resolve the issue, open a [support ticket](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b4c7-194">If the preceding steps do not resolve the issue, open a [support ticket](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/).</span></span>

