---
title: Execute data science tasks - Azure Machine Learning | Microsoft Docs
description: How a data scientist can execute a data science project in a trackable, version controlled, and collaborative way.
documentationcenter: ''
author: deguhath
manager: cgronlun
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: team-data-science-process
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/28/2017
ms.author: deguhath
ms.openlocfilehash: 19267429510207129b0229dc55fbd46f12977d5d
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44870288"
---
# <a name="execute-data-science-tasks-exploration-modeling-and-deployment"></a><span data-ttu-id="e9165-103">Execute data science tasks: exploration, modeling, and deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-103">Execute data science tasks: exploration, modeling, and deployment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-104">Typical data science tasks include data exploration, modeling, and deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-104">Typical data science tasks include data exploration, modeling, and deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-105">This article shows how to use the **Interactive Data Exploration, Analysis, and Reporting (IDEAR)** and **Automated Modeling and Reporting (AMAR)** utilities to complete several common data science tasks such as interactive data exploration, data analysis, reporting, and model creation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-105">This article shows how to use the **Interactive Data Exploration, Analysis, and Reporting (IDEAR)** and **Automated Modeling and Reporting (AMAR)** utilities to complete several common data science tasks such as interactive data exploration, data analysis, reporting, and model creation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-106">It also outlines options for deploying a model into a production environment using a variety of toolkits and data platforms, such as the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-106">It also outlines options for deploying a model into a production environment using a variety of toolkits and data platforms, such as the following:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-107">Azure Machine Learning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-107">Azure Machine Learning</span></span>](../service/index.yml)
- [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-108">SQL-Server with ML services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-108">SQL-Server with ML services</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/r/r-services#in-database-analytics-with-sql-server)
- [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-109">Microsoft Machine Learning Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-109">Microsoft Machine Learning Server</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/machine-learning-server/what-is-machine-learning-server)


## <span data-ttu-id="e9165-110">1. <a name='DataQualityReportUtility-1'></a> Exploration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-110">1. <a name='DataQualityReportUtility-1'></a> Exploration</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-111">A data scientist can perform exploration and reporting in a variety of ways: by using libraries and packages available for Python (matplotlib for example) or with R (ggplot or lattice for example).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-111">A data scientist can perform exploration and reporting in a variety of ways: by using libraries and packages available for Python (matplotlib for example) or with R (ggplot or lattice for example).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-112">Data scientists can customize such code to fit the needs of data exploration for specific scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-112">Data scientists can customize such code to fit the needs of data exploration for specific scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-113">The needs for dealing with structured data are different that for unstructured data such as text or images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-113">The needs for dealing with structured data are different that for unstructured data such as text or images.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-114">Products such as Azure Machine Learning Workbench also provide [advanced data preparation](../desktop-workbench/tutorial-bikeshare-dataprep.md) for data wrangling and exploration, including feature creation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-114">Products such as Azure Machine Learning Workbench also provide [advanced data preparation](../desktop-workbench/tutorial-bikeshare-dataprep.md) for data wrangling and exploration, including feature creation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-115">The user should decide on the tools, libraries, and packages that best suite their needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-115">The user should decide on the tools, libraries, and packages that best suite their needs.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-116">The deliverable at the end of this phase is a data exploration report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-116">The deliverable at the end of this phase is a data exploration report.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-117">The report should provide a fairly comprehensive view of the data to be used for modeling and an assessment of whether the data is suitable to proceed to the modeling step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-117">The report should provide a fairly comprehensive view of the data to be used for modeling and an assessment of whether the data is suitable to proceed to the modeling step.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-118">The Team Data Science Process (TDSP) utilities discussed in the following sections for semi-automated exploration, modeling, and reporting also provide standardized data exploration and modeling reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-118">The Team Data Science Process (TDSP) utilities discussed in the following sections for semi-automated exploration, modeling, and reporting also provide standardized data exploration and modeling reports.</span></span> 

### <a name="interactive-data-exploration-analysis-and-reporting-using-the-idear-utility"></a><span data-ttu-id="e9165-119">Interactive data exploration, analysis, and reporting using the IDEAR utility</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-119">Interactive data exploration, analysis, and reporting using the IDEAR utility</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-120">This R markdown-based or Python notebook-based utility provides a flexible and interactive tool to evaluate and explore data sets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-120">This R markdown-based or Python notebook-based utility provides a flexible and interactive tool to evaluate and explore data sets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-121">Users can quickly generate reports from the data set with minimal coding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-121">Users can quickly generate reports from the data set with minimal coding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-122">Users can click buttons to export the exploration results in the interactive tool to a final report, which can be delivered to clients or used to make decisions on which variables to include in the subsequent modeling step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-122">Users can click buttons to export the exploration results in the interactive tool to a final report, which can be delivered to clients or used to make decisions on which variables to include in the subsequent modeling step.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-123">At this time, the tool only works on data-frames in memory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-123">At this time, the tool only works on data-frames in memory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-124">A YAML file is needed to specify the parameters of the data-set to be explored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-124">A YAML file is needed to specify the parameters of the data-set to be explored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-125">For more information, see [IDEAR in TDSP Data Science Utilities](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-TDSP-Utilities/tree/master/DataScienceUtilities/DataReport-Utils).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-125">For more information, see [IDEAR in TDSP Data Science Utilities](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-TDSP-Utilities/tree/master/DataScienceUtilities/DataReport-Utils).</span></span>


## <span data-ttu-id="e9165-126">2. <a name='ModelingUtility-2'></a> Modeling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-126">2. <a name='ModelingUtility-2'></a> Modeling</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-127">There are numerous toolkits and packages for training models in a variety of languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-127">There are numerous toolkits and packages for training models in a variety of languages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-128">Data scientists should feel free to use which ever ones they are comfortable with, as long as performance considerations regarding accuracy and latency are satisfied for the relevant business use cases and production scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-128">Data scientists should feel free to use which ever ones they are comfortable with, as long as performance considerations regarding accuracy and latency are satisfied for the relevant business use cases and production scenarios.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-129">The next section shows how to use an R-based TDSP utility for semi-automated modeling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-129">The next section shows how to use an R-based TDSP utility for semi-automated modeling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-130">This AMAR utility can be used to generate base line models quickly as well as the parameters that need to be tuned to provide a better performing model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-130">This AMAR utility can be used to generate base line models quickly as well as the parameters that need to be tuned to provide a better performing model.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e9165-131">The following model management section shows how to have a system for registering and managing multiple models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-131">The following model management section shows how to have a system for registering and managing multiple models.</span></span>


### <a name="model-training-modeling-and-reporting-using-the-amar-utility"></a><span data-ttu-id="e9165-132">Model training: modeling and reporting using the AMAR utility</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-132">Model training: modeling and reporting using the AMAR utility</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-133">The [Automated Modeling and Reporting (AMAR) Utility](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-TDSP-Utilities/tree/master/DataScienceUtilities/Modeling) provides a customizable, semi-automated tool to perform model creation with hyper-parameter sweeping and to compare the accuracy of those models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-133">The [Automated Modeling and Reporting (AMAR) Utility](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-TDSP-Utilities/tree/master/DataScienceUtilities/Modeling) provides a customizable, semi-automated tool to perform model creation with hyper-parameter sweeping and to compare the accuracy of those models.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-134">The model creation utility is an R Markdown file that can be run to produce self-contained HTML output with a table of contents for easy navigation through its different sections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-134">The model creation utility is an R Markdown file that can be run to produce self-contained HTML output with a table of contents for easy navigation through its different sections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-135">Three algorithms are executed when the Markdown file is run (knit): regularized regression using the glmnet package, random forest using the randomForest package, and boosting trees using the xgboost package).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-135">Three algorithms are executed when the Markdown file is run (knit): regularized regression using the glmnet package, random forest using the randomForest package, and boosting trees using the xgboost package).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-136">Each of these algorithms produces a trained model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-136">Each of these algorithms produces a trained model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-137">The accuracy of these models is then compared and the relative feature importance plots are reported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-137">The accuracy of these models is then compared and the relative feature importance plots are reported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-138">Currently, there are two utilities: one is for a binary classification task and one is for a regression task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-138">Currently, there are two utilities: one is for a binary classification task and one is for a regression task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-139">The primary differences between them is the way control parameters and accuracy metrics are specified for these learning tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-139">The primary differences between them is the way control parameters and accuracy metrics are specified for these learning tasks.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-140">A YAML file is used to specify:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-140">A YAML file is used to specify:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="e9165-141">the data input (a SQL source or an R-Data file)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-141">the data input (a SQL source or an R-Data file)</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="e9165-142">what portion of the data is used for training and what portion for testing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-142">what portion of the data is used for training and what portion for testing</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e9165-143">which algorithms to run</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-143">which algorithms to run</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="e9165-144">the choice of control parameters for model optimization:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-144">the choice of control parameters for model optimization:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="e9165-145">cross-validation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-145">cross-validation</span></span> 
    - <span data-ttu-id="e9165-146">bootstrapping</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-146">bootstrapping</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="e9165-147">folds of cross-validation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-147">folds of cross-validation</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="e9165-148">the hyper-parameter sets for each algorithm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-148">the hyper-parameter sets for each algorithm.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-149">The number of algorithms, the number of folds for optimization, the hyper-parameters, and the number of hyper-parameter sets to sweep over can also be modified in the Yaml file to run the models quickly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-149">The number of algorithms, the number of folds for optimization, the hyper-parameters, and the number of hyper-parameter sets to sweep over can also be modified in the Yaml file to run the models quickly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-150">For example, they can be run with a lower number of CV folds, a lower number of parameter sets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-150">For example, they can be run with a lower number of CV folds, a lower number of parameter sets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-151">If it is warranted, they can also be run more comprehensively with a higher number of CV folds or a larger number of parameter sets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-151">If it is warranted, they can also be run more comprehensively with a higher number of CV folds or a larger number of parameter sets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-152">For more information, see [Automated Modeling and Reporting Utility in TDSP Data Science Utilities](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-TDSP-Utilities/tree/master/DataScienceUtilities/Modeling).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-152">For more information, see [Automated Modeling and Reporting Utility in TDSP Data Science Utilities](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-TDSP-Utilities/tree/master/DataScienceUtilities/Modeling).</span></span>

### <a name="model-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="e9165-153">Model management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-153">Model management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e9165-154">After multiple models have been built, you usually need to have a system for registering and managing the models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-154">After multiple models have been built, you usually need to have a system for registering and managing the models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-155">Typically you need a combination of scripts or APIs and a backend database or versioning system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-155">Typically you need a combination of scripts or APIs and a backend database or versioning system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-156">A few options that you can consider for these management tasks are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-156">A few options that you can consider for these management tasks are:</span></span>

1. [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-157">Azure Machine Learning - model management service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-157">Azure Machine Learning - model management service</span></span>](../service/index.yml)
2. [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-158">ModelDB from MIT</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-158">ModelDB from MIT</span></span>](https://mitdbg.github.io/modeldb/) 
3. [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-159">SQL-server as a model management system</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-159">SQL-server as a model management system</span></span>](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/dataplatforminsider/2016/10/17/sql-server-as-a-machine-learning-model-management-system/)
4. [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-160">Microsoft Machine Learning Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-160">Microsoft Machine Learning Server</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/r/r-server-standalone)

## <span data-ttu-id="e9165-161">3. <a name='Deployment-3'></a> Deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-161">3. <a name='Deployment-3'></a> Deployment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-162">Production deployment enables a model to play an active role in a business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-162">Production deployment enables a model to play an active role in a business.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-163">Predictions from a deployed model can be used for business decisions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-163">Predictions from a deployed model can be used for business decisions.</span></span>

### <a name="production-platforms"></a><span data-ttu-id="e9165-164">Production platforms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-164">Production platforms</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e9165-165">There are various approaches and platforms to put models into production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-165">There are various approaches and platforms to put models into production.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-166">Here are a few options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-166">Here are a few options:</span></span>


- [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-167">Model deployment in Azure Machine Learning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-167">Model deployment in Azure Machine Learning</span></span>](../desktop-workbench/model-management-overview.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-168">Deployment of a model in SQL-server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-168">Deployment of a model in SQL-server</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/tutorials/sqldev-py6-operationalize-the-model)
- [<span data-ttu-id="e9165-169">Microsoft Machine Learning Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-169">Microsoft Machine Learning Server</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/advanced-analytics/r/r-server-standalone)

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-170">Prior to deployment, one has to insure the latency of model scoring is low enough to use in production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-170">Prior to deployment, one has to insure the latency of model scoring is low enough to use in production.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-171">Further examples are available in walkthroughs that demonstrate all the steps in the process for **specific scenarios**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-171">Further examples are available in walkthroughs that demonstrate all the steps in the process for **specific scenarios**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-172">They are listed and linked with thumbnail descriptions in the [Example walkthroughs](walkthroughs.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-172">They are listed and linked with thumbnail descriptions in the [Example walkthroughs](walkthroughs.md) article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-173">They illustrate how to combine cloud, on-premises tools, and services into a workflow or pipeline to create an intelligent application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-173">They illustrate how to combine cloud, on-premises tools, and services into a workflow or pipeline to create an intelligent application.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="e9165-174">For deployment using Azure Machine Learning Studio, see [Deploy an Azure Machine Learning web service](../studio/publish-a-machine-learning-web-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-174">For deployment using Azure Machine Learning Studio, see [Deploy an Azure Machine Learning web service](../studio/publish-a-machine-learning-web-service.md).</span></span>
>
>

### <a name="ab-testing"></a><span data-ttu-id="e9165-175">A/B testing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-175">A/B testing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e9165-176">When multiple models are in production, it can be useful to perform [A/B testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A/B_testing) to compare performance of the models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-176">When multiple models are in production, it can be useful to perform [A/B testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A/B_testing) to compare performance of the models.</span></span> 

 
## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="e9165-177">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-177">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-178">[Track progress of data science projects](track-progress.md) shows how a data scientist can track the progress of a data science project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-178">[Track progress of data science projects](track-progress.md) shows how a data scientist can track the progress of a data science project.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e9165-179">[Model operation and CI/CD](ci-cd-flask.md) shows how CI/CD can be performed with developed models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e9165-179">[Model operation and CI/CD](ci-cd-flask.md) shows how CI/CD can be performed with developed models.</span></span>


