---
title: Problem configuring password single sign-on for an Azure AD Gallery application | Microsoft Docs
description: Understand the common problems people face when configuring Password Single Sign-on for applications that are already listed in the Azure AD Application Gallery
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: barbkess
manager: mtillman
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: app-mgmt
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 07/11/2017
ms.author: barbkess
ms.openlocfilehash: 3263954fd372a23b4b0951a0a48635dec7570ad6
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44969295"
---
# <a name="problem-configuring-password-single-sign-on-for-an-azure-ad-gallery-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1080-103">Problem configuring password single sign-on for an Azure AD Gallery application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-103">Problem configuring password single sign-on for an Azure AD Gallery application</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-104">This article helps you understand the common problems people face when configuring **Password Single Sign-on** with an Azure AD Gallery application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-104">This article helps you understand the common problems people face when configuring **Password Single Sign-on** with an Azure AD Gallery application.</span></span>

## <a name="credentials-are-filled-in-but-the-extension-does-not-submit-them"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1080-105">Credentials are filled in, but the extension does not submit them</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-105">Credentials are filled in, but the extension does not submit them</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-106">This problem typically happens if the application vendor has changed their sign-in page recently to add a field, changed an identifier used for detecting the username and password fields, or modified how the sign-in experience works for their application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-106">This problem typically happens if the application vendor has changed their sign-in page recently to add a field, changed an identifier used for detecting the username and password fields, or modified how the sign-in experience works for their application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-107">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-107">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-108">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when integrations break, it might not be possible to find the issues right away, or the issues take some time to fix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-108">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when integrations break, it might not be possible to find the issues right away, or the issues take some time to fix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-109">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, open a support case so it can be fixed as quickly as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-109">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, open a support case so it can be fixed as quickly as possible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-110">**If you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** send them our way so Microsoft can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-110">**If you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** send them our way so Microsoft can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-111">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-111">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="credentials-are-filled-in-and-submitted-but-the-page-indicates-the-credentials-are-incorrect"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1080-112">Credentials are filled in and submitted, but the page indicates the credentials are incorrect</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-112">Credentials are filled in and submitted, but the page indicates the credentials are incorrect</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-113">To resolve this issue, first try these things:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-113">To resolve this issue, first try these things:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d1080-114">Have the user first try to **sign in to the application website directly** with the credentials stored for them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-114">Have the user first try to **sign in to the application website directly** with the credentials stored for them.</span></span>

  * <span data-ttu-id="d1080-115">If sign-in works, then have the user click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-115">If sign-in works, then have the user click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="d1080-116">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-116">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d1080-117">If the user assigned their own credentials, have the user **check to be sure that their password has not expired in the application** and if so, **update their expired password** by signing in to the application directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-117">If the user assigned their own credentials, have the user **check to be sure that their password has not expired in the application** and if so, **update their expired password** by signing in to the application directly.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="d1080-118">After the password has been updated in the application, request the user to click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-118">After the password has been updated in the application, request the user to click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="d1080-119">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-119">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d1080-120">Have the user update the access panel browser extension by following the steps below in the [How to install the Access Panel Browser extension](#how-to-install-the-access-panel-browser-extension) section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-120">Have the user update the access panel browser extension by following the steps below in the [How to install the Access Panel Browser extension](#how-to-install-the-access-panel-browser-extension) section.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d1080-121">Ensure that the access panel browser extension is running and enabled in your user’s browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-121">Ensure that the access panel browser extension is running and enabled in your user’s browser.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d1080-122">Ensure that your users are not trying to sign in to the application from the access panel while in **incognito, inPrivate, or Private mode**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-122">Ensure that your users are not trying to sign in to the application from the access panel while in **incognito, inPrivate, or Private mode**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-123">The access panel extension is not supported in these modes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-123">The access panel extension is not supported in these modes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-124">In case the previous suggestions do not work, it could be the case that a change has occurred on the application side that has temporarily broken the application’s integration with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-124">In case the previous suggestions do not work, it could be the case that a change has occurred on the application side that has temporarily broken the application’s integration with Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-125">For example, this can occur when the application vendor introduces a script on their page which behaves differently for manual vs automated input, which causes automated integration, like our own, to break.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-125">For example, this can occur when the application vendor introduces a script on their page which behaves differently for manual vs automated input, which causes automated integration, like our own, to break.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-126">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-126">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-127">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when application integrations break, it might not be possible to find the issues right away, or the issues might take some time to fix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-127">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when application integrations break, it might not be possible to find the issues right away, or the issues might take some time to fix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-128">When an integration does not work correctly, you can open a support case to get it fixed as quickly as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-128">When an integration does not work correctly, you can open a support case to get it fixed as quickly as possible.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-129">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-129">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-130">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-130">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="the-extension-works-in-chrome-and-firefox-but-not-in-internet-explorer"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1080-131">The extension works in Chrome and Firefox, but not in Internet Explorer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-131">The extension works in Chrome and Firefox, but not in Internet Explorer</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-132">There are two main causes to this issue:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-132">There are two main causes to this issue:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d1080-133">Depending on the security settings enabled in Internet Explorer, if the website is not part of a **Trusted Zone**, sometimes our script be blocked from executing for the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-133">Depending on the security settings enabled in Internet Explorer, if the website is not part of a **Trusted Zone**, sometimes our script be blocked from executing for the application.</span></span>

  *  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-134">To resolve this, instruct the user to **Add the application’s website** to the **Trusted Sites** list within their **Internet Explorer security settings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-134">To resolve this, instruct the user to **Add the application’s website** to the **Trusted Sites** list within their **Internet Explorer security settings**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-135">You can send your users to the [How to add a site to my trusted sites list](https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/ie/forum/ie9-windows_7/how-do-i-add-a-site-to-my-trusted-sites-list/98cc77c8-b364-e011-8dfc-68b599b31bf5) article for detailed instructions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-135">You can send your users to the [How to add a site to my trusted sites list](https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/ie/forum/ie9-windows_7/how-do-i-add-a-site-to-my-trusted-sites-list/98cc77c8-b364-e011-8dfc-68b599b31bf5) article for detailed instructions.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d1080-136">In rare circumstances, Internet Explorer’s security validation can sometimes cause the page to load more slowly than the execution of our script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-136">In rare circumstances, Internet Explorer’s security validation can sometimes cause the page to load more slowly than the execution of our script.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="d1080-137">Unfortunately, this situation can vary depending on the browser version, computer speed, or site visited.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-137">Unfortunately, this situation can vary depending on the browser version, computer speed, or site visited.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-138">In this case, we suggest that you contact support so we can fix the integration for this specific application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-138">In this case, we suggest that you contact support so we can fix the integration for this specific application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-139">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-139">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-140">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-140">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="check-if-the-applications-login-page-has-changed-recently-or-requires-an-additional-field"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1080-141">Check if the application’s login page has changed recently or requires an additional field</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-141">Check if the application’s login page has changed recently or requires an additional field</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-142">If the application’s login page has changed drastically, sometimes this causes our integrations to break.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-142">If the application’s login page has changed drastically, sometimes this causes our integrations to break.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-143">An example of this is when an application vendor adds a sign-in field, a captcha, or multi-factor authentication to their experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-143">An example of this is when an application vendor adds a sign-in field, a captcha, or multi-factor authentication to their experiences.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-144">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-144">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-145">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when application integrations break, it might not be possible to find the issues right away, or the issues might take some time to fix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-145">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when application integrations break, it might not be possible to find the issues right away, or the issues might take some time to fix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-146">When an integration does not work correctly, you can open a support case to get it fixed as quickly as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-146">When an integration does not work correctly, you can open a support case to get it fixed as quickly as possible.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-147">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-147">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-148">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-148">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](../develop/howto-app-gallery-listing.md) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-install-the-access-panel-browser-extension"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1080-149">How to install the Access Panel Browser extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-149">How to install the Access Panel Browser extension</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-150">To install the Access Panel Browser extension, follow the steps below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-150">To install the Access Panel Browser extension, follow the steps below:</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-151">Open the [Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com) in one of the supported browsers and sign in as a **user** in your Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-151">Open the [Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com) in one of the supported browsers and sign in as a **user** in your Azure AD.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-152">click a **password-SSO application** in the Access Panel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-152">click a **password-SSO application** in the Access Panel.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-153">In the prompt asking to install the software, select **Install Now**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-153">In the prompt asking to install the software, select **Install Now**.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-154">Based on your browser, you are directed to the download link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-154">Based on your browser, you are directed to the download link.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1080-155">**Add** the extension to your browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-155">**Add** the extension to your browser.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-156">If your browser asks, select to either **Enable** or **Allow** the extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-156">If your browser asks, select to either **Enable** or **Allow** the extension.</span></span>

6.  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-157">Once installed, **restart** your browser session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-157">Once installed, **restart** your browser session.</span></span>

7.  <span data-ttu-id="d1080-158">Sign in into the Access Panel and see if you can **launch** your password-SSO applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-158">Sign in into the Access Panel and see if you can **launch** your password-SSO applications</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1080-159">You may also download the extension for Chrome and Firefox from the direct links below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-159">You may also download the extension for Chrome and Firefox from the direct links below:</span></span>

-   [<span data-ttu-id="d1080-160">Chrome Access Panel Extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-160">Chrome Access Panel Extension</span></span>](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/access-panel-extension/ggjhpefgjjfobnfoldnjipclpcfbgbhl)

-   [<span data-ttu-id="d1080-161">Firefox Access Panel Extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-161">Firefox Access Panel Extension</span></span>](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/access-panel-extension/)

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1080-162">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-162">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="d1080-163">Provide single sign-on to your apps with Application Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1080-163">Provide single sign-on to your apps with Application Proxy</span></span>](application-proxy-configure-single-sign-on-with-kcd.md)

