---
title: Common operations in the Machine Learning Recommendations API | Microsoft Docs
description: Azure ML Recommendation Sample Application
services: machine-learning
documentationcenter: ''
author: LuisCabrer
manager: jhubbard
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: 0220bc17-3315-47d7-84a3-ef490263a343
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/31/2017
ms.author: luisca
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
redirect_url: machine-learning-datamarket-deprecation
ms.openlocfilehash: 99207d243d28339cb295a4e4d6b354e651e8edbe
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553070"
---
# <a name="recommendations-api-sample-application-walkthrough"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-103">Recommendations API Sample Application Walkthrough</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-103">Recommendations API Sample Application Walkthrough</span></span>
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="77189-104">You should start using the Recommendations API Cognitive Service instead of this version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-104">You should start using the Recommendations API Cognitive Service instead of this version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-105">The Recommendations Cognitive Service will be replacing this service, and all the new features will be developed there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-105">The Recommendations Cognitive Service will be replacing this service, and all the new features will be developed there.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-106">It has new capabilities like batching support, a better API Explorer, a cleaner API surface, more consistent signup/billing experience, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-106">It has new capabilities like batching support, a better API Explorer, a cleaner API surface, more consistent signup/billing experience, etc.</span></span>
> <span data-ttu-id="77189-107">Learn more about [Migrating to the new Cognitive Service](http://aka.ms/recomigrate)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-107">Learn more about [Migrating to the new Cognitive Service](http://aka.ms/recomigrate)</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="purpose"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-108">Purpose</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-108">Purpose</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77189-109">This document shows the usage of the Azure Machine Learning Recommendations API via a [sample application](https://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Recommendations-144df403).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-109">This document shows the usage of the Azure Machine Learning Recommendations API via a [sample application](https://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Recommendations-144df403).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77189-110">This application is not intended to include full functionality, nor does it use all the APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-110">This application is not intended to include full functionality, nor does it use all the APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-111">It demonstrates some common operations to perform when you first want to play with the Machine Learning recommendation service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-111">It demonstrates some common operations to perform when you first want to play with the Machine Learning recommendation service.</span></span> 

[!INCLUDE [machine-learning-free-trial](../../includes/machine-learning-free-trial.md)]

## <a name="introduction-to-machine-learning-recommendation-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-112">Introduction to Machine Learning recommendation service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-112">Introduction to Machine Learning recommendation service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77189-113">Recommendations via the Machine Learning recommendation service are enabled when you build a recommendation model based on the following data:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-113">Recommendations via the Machine Learning recommendation service are enabled when you build a recommendation model based on the following data:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77189-114">A repository of the items you want to recommend, also known as a catalog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-114">A repository of the items you want to recommend, also known as a catalog</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-115">Data representing the usage of items per user or session (this can be acquired over time via data acquisition, not as part of the sample app)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-115">Data representing the usage of items per user or session (this can be acquired over time via data acquisition, not as part of the sample app)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77189-116">After a recommendation model is built, you can use it to predict items that a user might be interested in, according to a set of items (or a single item) the user selects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-116">After a recommendation model is built, you can use it to predict items that a user might be interested in, according to a set of items (or a single item) the user selects.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77189-117">To enable the previous scenario, do the following in the Machine Learning recommendation service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-117">To enable the previous scenario, do the following in the Machine Learning recommendation service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77189-118">Create a model: This is a logical container that holds the data (catalog and usage) and the prediction model(s).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-118">Create a model: This is a logical container that holds the data (catalog and usage) and the prediction model(s).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-119">Each model container is identified via a unique ID, which is allocated when it is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-119">Each model container is identified via a unique ID, which is allocated when it is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-120">This ID is called the model ID, and it is used by most of the APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-120">This ID is called the model ID, and it is used by most of the APIs.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-121">Upload to catalog: When a model container is created, you can associate to it a catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-121">Upload to catalog: When a model container is created, you can associate to it a catalog.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77189-122">**Note**: Creating a model and uploading to a catalog are usually performed once for the model lifecycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-122">**Note**: Creating a model and uploading to a catalog are usually performed once for the model lifecycle.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77189-123">Upload usage: This adds usage data to the model container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-123">Upload usage: This adds usage data to the model container.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-124">Build a recommendation model: After you have enough data, you can build the recommendation model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-124">Build a recommendation model: After you have enough data, you can build the recommendation model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-125">This operation uses the top Machine Learning algorithms to create a recommendation model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-125">This operation uses the top Machine Learning algorithms to create a recommendation model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-126">Each build is associated with a unique ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-126">Each build is associated with a unique ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-127">You need to keep a record of this ID because it is necessary for the functionality of some APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-127">You need to keep a record of this ID because it is necessary for the functionality of some APIs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-128">Monitor the building process: A recommendation model build is an asynchronous operation, and it can take from several minutes to several hours, depending on the amount of data (catalog and usage) and the build parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-128">Monitor the building process: A recommendation model build is an asynchronous operation, and it can take from several minutes to several hours, depending on the amount of data (catalog and usage) and the build parameters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-129">Therefore, you need to monitor the build.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-129">Therefore, you need to monitor the build.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-130">A recommendation model is created only if its associated build completes successfully.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-130">A recommendation model is created only if its associated build completes successfully.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-131">(Optional) Choose an active recommendation model build: This step is only necessary if you have more than one recommendation model built in your model container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-131">(Optional) Choose an active recommendation model build: This step is only necessary if you have more than one recommendation model built in your model container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-132">Any request to get recommendations without indicating the active recommendation model is redirected automatically by the system to the default active build.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-132">Any request to get recommendations without indicating the active recommendation model is redirected automatically by the system to the default active build.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="77189-133">**Note**: An active recommendation model is production ready and it is built for production workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-133">**Note**: An active recommendation model is production ready and it is built for production workload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-134">This differs from a non-active recommendation model, which stays in a test-like environment (sometimes called staging).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-134">This differs from a non-active recommendation model, which stays in a test-like environment (sometimes called staging).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77189-135">Get recommendations: After you have a recommendation model, you can trigger recommendations for a single item or a list of items that you select.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-135">Get recommendations: After you have a recommendation model, you can trigger recommendations for a single item or a list of items that you select.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="77189-136">You will usually invoke Get Recommendation for a certain period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-136">You will usually invoke Get Recommendation for a certain period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-137">During that period of time, you can redirect usage data to the Machine Learning recommendation system, which adds this data to the specified model container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-137">During that period of time, you can redirect usage data to the Machine Learning recommendation system, which adds this data to the specified model container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-138">When you have enough usage data, you can build a new recommendation model that incorporates the additional usage data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-138">When you have enough usage data, you can build a new recommendation model that incorporates the additional usage data.</span></span> 

## <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-139">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-139">Prerequisites</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-140">Visual Studio 2013 or later</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-140">Visual Studio 2013 or later</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-141">Internet access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-141">Internet access</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-142">Subscription to the Recommendations API (https://datamarket.azure.com/dataset/amla/recommendations).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-142">Subscription to the Recommendations API (https://datamarket.azure.com/dataset/amla/recommendations).</span></span>

## <a name="azure-machine-learning-sample-app-solution"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-143">Azure Machine Learning sample app solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-143">Azure Machine Learning sample app solution</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77189-144">This solution contains the source code, sample usage, catalog file, and directives to download the packages that are required for compilation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-144">This solution contains the source code, sample usage, catalog file, and directives to download the packages that are required for compilation.</span></span>

## <a name="the-apis-used"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-145">The APIs used</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-145">The APIs used</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77189-146">The application uses Machine Learning recommendation functionality via a subset of available APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-146">The application uses Machine Learning recommendation functionality via a subset of available APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-147">The following APIs are demonstrated in the application:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-147">The following APIs are demonstrated in the application:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77189-148">Create model: Create a logical container to hold data and recommendation models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-148">Create model: Create a logical container to hold data and recommendation models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-149">A model is identified by a name, and you  cannot create more than one model with the same name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-149">A model is identified by a name, and you  cannot create more than one model with the same name.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-150">Upload catalog file: Use to upload catalog data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-150">Upload catalog file: Use to upload catalog data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-151">Upload usage file: Use to upload usage data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-151">Upload usage file: Use to upload usage data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-152">Trigger build: Use to create a recommendation model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-152">Trigger build: Use to create a recommendation model.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-153">Monitor build execution: Use to monitor the status of a recommendation model build.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-153">Monitor build execution: Use to monitor the status of a recommendation model build.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-154">Choose a built model for recommendation: Use to indicate which recommendation model to use by default for a certain model container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-154">Choose a built model for recommendation: Use to indicate which recommendation model to use by default for a certain model container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-155">This step is necessary only if you have more than one recommendation model and you want to activate a non-active build as the active recommendation model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-155">This step is necessary only if you have more than one recommendation model and you want to activate a non-active build as the active recommendation model.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-156">Get recommendation: Use to retrieve recommended items according to a given single item or a set of items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-156">Get recommendation: Use to retrieve recommended items according to a given single item or a set of items.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="77189-157">For a complete description of the APIs, please see the Microsoft Azure Marketplace documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-157">For a complete description of the APIs, please see the Microsoft Azure Marketplace documentation.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="77189-158">**Note**: A model can have several builds over time (not simultaneously).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-158">**Note**: A model can have several builds over time (not simultaneously).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-159">Each build is created with the same or an updated catalog and additional usage data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-159">Each build is created with the same or an updated catalog and additional usage data.</span></span>

## <a name="common-pitfalls"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-160">Common pitfalls</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-160">Common pitfalls</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-161">You need to provide your user name and your Microsoft Azure Marketplace primary account key to run the sample app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-161">You need to provide your user name and your Microsoft Azure Marketplace primary account key to run the sample app.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-162">Running the sample app consecutively will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-162">Running the sample app consecutively will fail.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-163">The application flow includes creating, uploading, building the monitor, and getting recommendations from a predefined model; therefore, it will fail on consecutive execution if you do not change the model name between invocations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-163">The application flow includes creating, uploading, building the monitor, and getting recommendations from a predefined model; therefore, it will fail on consecutive execution if you do not change the model name between invocations.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77189-164">Recommendations might return without data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-164">Recommendations might return without data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-165">The sample app uses a very small catalog and usage file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-165">The sample app uses a very small catalog and usage file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-166">Therefore, some items from the catalog will have no recommended items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-166">Therefore, some items from the catalog will have no recommended items.</span></span>

## <a name="disclaimer"></a><span data-ttu-id="77189-167">Disclaimer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-167">Disclaimer</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77189-168">The sample app is not intended to be run in a production environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-168">The sample app is not intended to be run in a production environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-169">The data provided in the catalog is very small, and it will not provide a meaningful recommendation model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-169">The data provided in the catalog is very small, and it will not provide a meaningful recommendation model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77189-170">The data is provided as a demonstration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77189-170">The data is provided as a demonstration.</span></span> 

