---
title: Use the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal | Microsoft Docs
description: Manage access to Azure Machine Learning workspaces, and deploy and manage ML API web services
services: machine-learning
documentationcenter: ''
author: vDonGlover
manager: jhubbard
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: b62cf2ca-dd2a-4a83-bb54-469f948fb026
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/28/2017
ms.author: v-donglo
ms.openlocfilehash: ad1314aa4b504bd2cb3285789073d4f1de1f545d
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554701"
---
# <a name="manage-a-web-service-using-the-azure-machine-learning-web-services-portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-103">Manage a Web service using the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-103">Manage a Web service using the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-104">You can manage your Machine Learning New and Classic Web services using the Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-104">You can manage your Machine Learning New and Classic Web services using the Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-105">Since Classic Web services and New Web services are based on different underlying technologies, you have slightly different management capabilities for each of them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-105">Since Classic Web services and New Web services are based on different underlying technologies, you have slightly different management capabilities for each of them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-106">In the Machine Learning Web Services portal you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-106">In the Machine Learning Web Services portal you can:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-107">Monitor how the web service is being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-107">Monitor how the web service is being used.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-108">Configure the description, update the keys for the web service (New only), update your storage account key (New only), enable logging, and enable or disable sample data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-108">Configure the description, update the keys for the web service (New only), update your storage account key (New only), enable logging, and enable or disable sample data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-109">Delete the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-109">Delete the web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-110">Create, delete, or update billing plans (New only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-110">Create, delete, or update billing plans (New only).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-111">Add and delete endpoints (Classic only)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-111">Add and delete endpoints (Classic only)</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [machine-learning-free-trial](../../includes/machine-learning-free-trial.md)]

## <a name="permissions-to-manage-new-resources-manager-based-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-112">Permissions to manage New Resources Manager based web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-112">Permissions to manage New Resources Manager based web services</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-113">New web services are deployed as Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-113">New web services are deployed as Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-114">As such, you must have the correct permissions to deploy and manage New web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-114">As such, you must have the correct permissions to deploy and manage New web services.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-115">To deploy or manage New web services you must be assigned a contributor or administrator role on the subscription to which the web service is deployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-115">To deploy or manage New web services you must be assigned a contributor or administrator role on the subscription to which the web service is deployed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-116">If you invite another user to a machine learning workspace, you must assign them to a contributor or administrator role on the subscription before they can deploy or manage web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-116">If you invite another user to a machine learning workspace, you must assign them to a contributor or administrator role on the subscription before they can deploy or manage web services.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-117">If the user does not have the correct permissions to access resources in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, they will receive the following error when trying to deploy a web service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-117">If the user does not have the correct permissions to access resources in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, they will receive the following error when trying to deploy a web service:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-118">*Web Service deployment failed. This account does not have sufficient access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace. In order to deploy a Web Service to Azure, the same account must be invited to the Workspace and be given access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace.*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-118">*Web Service deployment failed. This account does not have sufficient access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace. In order to deploy a Web Service to Azure, the same account must be invited to the Workspace and be given access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace.*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-119">For more information on creating a workspace, see [Create and share an Azure Machine Learning workspace](machine-learning-create-workspace.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-119">For more information on creating a workspace, see [Create and share an Azure Machine Learning workspace](machine-learning-create-workspace.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-120">For more information on setting access permissions, see [View access assignments for users and groups in the Azure portal - Public preview](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-manage-assignments.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-120">For more information on setting access permissions, see [View access assignments for users and groups in the Azure portal - Public preview](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-manage-assignments.md).</span></span>


## <a name="manage-new-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-121">Manage New Web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-121">Manage New Web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-122">To manage your New Web services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-122">To manage your New Web services:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-123">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-123">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-124">On the menu, click **Web Services**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-124">On the menu, click **Web Services**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-125">This displays a list of deployed Web services for your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-125">This displays a list of deployed Web services for your subscription.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-126">To manage a Web service, click Web Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-126">To manage a Web service, click Web Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-127">From the Web Services page you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-127">From the Web Services page you can:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-128">Click the web service to manage it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-128">Click the web service to manage it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-129">Click the Billing Plan for the web service to update it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-129">Click the Billing Plan for the web service to update it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-130">Delete a web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-130">Delete a web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-131">Copy a web service and deploy it to another region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-131">Copy a web service and deploy it to another region.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-132">When you click a web service, the web service Quickstart page opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-132">When you click a web service, the web service Quickstart page opens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-133">The web service Quickstart page has two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-133">The web service Quickstart page has two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-134">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-134">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-135">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable or disable sample data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-135">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable or disable sample data.</span></span>

### <a name="monitoring-how-the-web-service-is-being-used"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-136">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-136">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-137">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-137">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-138">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-138">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-139">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-139">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-140">The dashboard shows the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-140">The dashboard shows the following information:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-141">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-141">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-142">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-142">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-143">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-143">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-144">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-144">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-145">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-145">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-146">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-146">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-147">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-147">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-148">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-148">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span></span>

### <a name="configuring-the-web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-149">Configuring the web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-149">Configuring the web service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-150">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-150">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-151">You can update the following properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-151">You can update the following properties:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-152">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-152">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-153">**Title** allows you to enter a title for the Web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-153">**Title** allows you to enter a title for the Web service</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-154">**Keys** allows you to rotate your primary and secondary API keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-154">**Keys** allows you to rotate your primary and secondary API keys.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-155">**Storage account key** allows you to update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-155">**Storage account key** allows you to update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service changes.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-156">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-156">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-157">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-157">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-158">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-158">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span></span>

### <a name="managing-billing-plans"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-159">Managing billing plans</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-159">Managing billing plans</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-160">Click the **Plans** menu option from the web services Quickstart page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-160">Click the **Plans** menu option from the web services Quickstart page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-161">You can also click the plan associated with specific Web service to manage that plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-161">You can also click the plan associated with specific Web service to manage that plan.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-162">**New** allows you to create a new plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-162">**New** allows you to create a new plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-163">**Add/Remove Plan instance** allows you to "scale out" an existing plan to add capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-163">**Add/Remove Plan instance** allows you to "scale out" an existing plan to add capacity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-164">**Upgrade/DownGrade** allows you to "scale up" an existing plan to add capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-164">**Upgrade/DownGrade** allows you to "scale up" an existing plan to add capacity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-165">**Delete** allows you to delete a plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-165">**Delete** allows you to delete a plan.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-166">Click a plan to view its dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-166">Click a plan to view its dashboard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-167">The dashboard gives you snapshot or plan usage over a selected period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-167">The dashboard gives you snapshot or plan usage over a selected period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-168">To select the time period to view, click the **Period** dropdown at the upper right of dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-168">To select the time period to view, click the **Period** dropdown at the upper right of dashboard.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-169">The plan dashboard provides the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-169">The plan dashboard provides the following information:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-170">**Plan Description** displays information about the costs and capacity associated with the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-170">**Plan Description** displays information about the costs and capacity associated with the plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-171">**Plan Usage** displays the number of transactions and compute hours that have been charged against the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-171">**Plan Usage** displays the number of transactions and compute hours that have been charged against the plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-172">**Web Services** displays the number of Web services that are using this plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-172">**Web Services** displays the number of Web services that are using this plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-173">**Top Web Service By Calls** displays the top four Web services that are making calls that are charged against the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-173">**Top Web Service By Calls** displays the top four Web services that are making calls that are charged against the plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-174">**Top Web Services by Compute Hrs** displays the top four Web services that are using compute resources that are charged against the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-174">**Top Web Services by Compute Hrs** displays the top four Web services that are using compute resources that are charged against the plan.</span></span>

## <a name="manage-classic-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-175">Manage Classic Web Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-175">Manage Classic Web Services</span></span>
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-176">The procedures in this section are relevant to managing Classic web services through the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-176">The procedures in this section are relevant to managing Classic web services through the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-177">For information on managing Classic Web services through the Machine Learning Studio and the Azure classic portal, see [Manage an Azure Machine Learning workspace](machine-learning-manage-workspace.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-177">For information on managing Classic Web services through the Machine Learning Studio and the Azure classic portal, see [Manage an Azure Machine Learning workspace](machine-learning-manage-workspace.md).</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-178">To manage your Classic Web services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-178">To manage your Classic Web services:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-179">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-179">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-180">On the menu, click **Classic Web Services**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-180">On the menu, click **Classic Web Services**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-181">To manage a Classic Web Service, click **Classic Web Services**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-181">To manage a Classic Web Service, click **Classic Web Services**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-182">From the Classic Web Services page you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-182">From the Classic Web Services page you can:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-183">Click the web service to view the associated endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-183">Click the web service to view the associated endpoints.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-184">Delete a web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-184">Delete a web service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-185">When you manage a Classic Web service, you manage each of the endpoints separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-185">When you manage a Classic Web service, you manage each of the endpoints separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-186">When you click a web service in the Web Services page, the list of endpoints associated with the service opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-186">When you click a web service in the Web Services page, the list of endpoints associated with the service opens.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-187">On the Classic Web Service endpoint page, you can add and delete endpoints on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-187">On the Classic Web Service endpoint page, you can add and delete endpoints on the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-188">For more information on adding endpoints, see [Creating Endpoints](machine-learning-create-endpoint.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-188">For more information on adding endpoints, see [Creating Endpoints](machine-learning-create-endpoint.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-189">Click one of the endpoints to open the web service Quickstart page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-189">Click one of the endpoints to open the web service Quickstart page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-190">On the Quickstart page, there are two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-190">On the Quickstart page, there are two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-191">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-191">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-192">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, turn error logging on and off, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable and disable sample data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-192">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, turn error logging on and off, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable and disable sample data.</span></span>

### <a name="monitoring-how-the-web-service-is-being-used"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-193">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-193">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-194">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-194">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-195">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-195">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-196">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-196">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-197">The dashboard shows the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-197">The dashboard shows the following information:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-198">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-198">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-199">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-199">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-200">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-200">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-201">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-201">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-202">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-202">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-203">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-203">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-204">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-204">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-205">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-205">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span></span>

### <a name="configuring-the-web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-206">Configuring the web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-206">Configuring the web service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-207">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-207">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-208">You can update the following properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-208">You can update the following properties:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-209">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-209">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-210">Description is a required field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-210">Description is a required field.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-211">**Logging** allows you to enable or disable error logging on the endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-211">**Logging** allows you to enable or disable error logging on the endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-212">For more information on Logging, see Enable [logging for Machine Learning web services](machine-learning-web-services-logging.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-212">For more information on Logging, see Enable [logging for Machine Learning web services](machine-learning-web-services-logging.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-213">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-213">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-214">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-214">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-215">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-215">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span></span>

## <a name="grant-or-suspend-access-to-web-services-for-users-in-the-portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-216">Grant or suspend access to Web services for users in the portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-216">Grant or suspend access to Web services for users in the portal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-217">Using the Azure classic portal, you can allow or deny access to specific users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-217">Using the Azure classic portal, you can allow or deny access to specific users.</span></span>

### <a name="access-for-users-of-new-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-218">Access for users of New Web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-218">Access for users of New Web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-219">To enable other users to work with your Web services in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, you must add them as co-adminstrators on your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-219">To enable other users to work with your Web services in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, you must add them as co-adminstrators on your Azure subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-220">Sign in to the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com/) using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-220">Sign in to the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com/) using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-221">In the navigation pane, click **Settings**, then click **Administrators**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-221">In the navigation pane, click **Settings**, then click **Administrators**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-222">At the bottom of the window, click **Add**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-222">At the bottom of the window, click **Add**.</span></span> 
3. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-223">In the ADD A CO-ADMINISTRATOR dialog, type the email address of the person you want to add as Co-administrator and then select the subscription that you want the Co-administrator to access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-223">In the ADD A CO-ADMINISTRATOR dialog, type the email address of the person you want to add as Co-administrator and then select the subscription that you want the Co-administrator to access.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-224">Click **Save**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-224">Click **Save**.</span></span>

### <a name="access-for-users-of-classic-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce3f-225">Access for users of Classic Web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-225">Access for users of Classic Web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-226">To manage a workspace:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-226">To manage a workspace:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-227">Sign in to the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com/) using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-227">Sign in to the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com/) using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-228">In the Microsoft Azure services panel, click **MACHINE LEARNING**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-228">In the Microsoft Azure services panel, click **MACHINE LEARNING**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-229">Click the workspace you want to manage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-229">Click the workspace you want to manage.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-230">Click the **CONFIGURE** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-230">Click the **CONFIGURE** tab.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-231">From the configuration tab, you can suspend access to the Machine Learning workspace by clicking **DENY**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-231">From the configuration tab, you can suspend access to the Machine Learning workspace by clicking **DENY**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-232">Users will no longer be able to open the workspace in Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-232">Users will no longer be able to open the workspace in Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-233">To restore access, click **ALLOW**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-233">To restore access, click **ALLOW**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-234">To specific users:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-234">To specific users:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce3f-235">To manage additional accounts who have access to the workspace in Machine Learning Studio, click **Sign-in to ML Studio** in the **DASHBOARD** tab. This opens the workspace in Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-235">To manage additional accounts who have access to the workspace in Machine Learning Studio, click **Sign-in to ML Studio** in the **DASHBOARD** tab. This opens the workspace in Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-236">From here, click the **SETTINGS** tab and then **USERS**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-236">From here, click the **SETTINGS** tab and then **USERS**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-237">You can click **INVITE MORE USERS** to give users access to the workspace, or select a user and click **REMOVE**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-237">You can click **INVITE MORE USERS** to give users access to the workspace, or select a user and click **REMOVE**.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-238">The **Sign-in to ML Studio** link opens Machine Learning Studio using the Microsoft Account you are currently signed into.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-238">The **Sign-in to ML Studio** link opens Machine Learning Studio using the Microsoft Account you are currently signed into.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-239">The Microsoft Account you used to sign in to the Azure classic portal to create a workspace does not automatically have permission to open that workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-239">The Microsoft Account you used to sign in to the Azure classic portal to create a workspace does not automatically have permission to open that workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce3f-240">To open a workspace, you must be signed in to the Microsoft Account that was defined as the owner of the workspace, or you need to receive an invitation from the owner to join the workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce3f-240">To open a workspace, you must be signed in to the Microsoft Account that was defined as the owner of the workspace, or you need to receive an invitation from the owner to join the workspace.</span></span>
> 
> 

