---
title: Use ReportViewer in a Web Site | Microsoft Docs
description: This topic describes how to build a Microsoft Azure Web site with the Visual Studio ReportViewer control that displays a report stored on an Microsoft Azure Virtual Machine.
services: virtual-machines-windows
documentationcenter: na
author: guyinacube
manager: erikre
editor: monicar
tags: azure-service-management
ms.assetid: 78b76318-d9bf-48ef-9d9e-d1b7d8cf3042
ms.service: virtual-machines-sql
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-windows-sql-server
ms.workload: iaas-sql-server
ms.date: 01/11/2017
ms.author: asaxton
ms.openlocfilehash: 3d9bdd4f07d22a7bc6c80150ae27453813d39f07
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549669"
---
# <a name="use-reportviewer-in-a-web-site-hosted-in-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-103">Use ReportViewer in a Web Site Hosted in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-103">Use ReportViewer in a Web Site Hosted in Azure</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT] 
> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-104">Azure has two different deployment models for creating and working with resources: [Resource Manager and Classic](../../../azure-resource-manager/resource-manager-deployment-model.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-104">Azure has two different deployment models for creating and working with resources: [Resource Manager and Classic](../../../azure-resource-manager/resource-manager-deployment-model.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-105">This article covers using the Classic deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-105">This article covers using the Classic deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-106">Microsoft recommends that most new deployments use the Resource Manager model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-106">Microsoft recommends that most new deployments use the Resource Manager model.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3a007-107">You can build a Microsoft Azure Web site with the Visual Studio ReportViewer control that displays a report stored on an Microsoft Azure Virtual Machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-107">You can build a Microsoft Azure Web site with the Visual Studio ReportViewer control that displays a report stored on an Microsoft Azure Virtual Machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-108">The ReportViewer control is in a Web application that you build using the ASP.NET Web application template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-108">The ReportViewer control is in a Web application that you build using the ASP.NET Web application template.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-109">The ASP.NET MVC Web Application templates do not support the ReportViewer control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-109">The ASP.NET MVC Web Application templates do not support the ReportViewer control.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3a007-110">To incorporate ReportViewer into your Microsoft Azure Web site, you need to complete the following tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-110">To incorporate ReportViewer into your Microsoft Azure Web site, you need to complete the following tasks.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="3a007-111">**Add** Assemblies to the Deployment Package</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-111">**Add** Assemblies to the Deployment Package</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3a007-112">**Configure** Authentication and Authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-112">**Configure** Authentication and Authorization</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3a007-113">**Publish** the ASP.NET Web application to Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-113">**Publish** the ASP.NET Web application to Azure</span></span>

## <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-114">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-114">Prerequisites</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3a007-115">Review the “General recommendation and best practices” section in [SQL Server Business Intelligence in Azure Virtual Machines](../classic/ps-sql-bi.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-115">Review the “General recommendation and best practices” section in [SQL Server Business Intelligence in Azure Virtual Machines](../classic/ps-sql-bi.md).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-116">ReportViewer controls are shipped with Visual Studio, Standard Edition or above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-116">ReportViewer controls are shipped with Visual Studio, Standard Edition or above.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-117">If you are using the Web Developer Express Edition, you must install the [MICROSOFT REPORT VIEWER 2012 RUNTIME](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=35747) to use the ReportViewer runtime features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-117">If you are using the Web Developer Express Edition, you must install the [MICROSOFT REPORT VIEWER 2012 RUNTIME](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=35747) to use the ReportViewer runtime features.</span></span>
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-118">ReportViewer configured in local processing mode is not supported in Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-118">ReportViewer configured in local processing mode is not supported in Microsoft Azure.</span></span>

## <a name="adding-assemblies-to-the-deployment-package"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-119">Adding Assemblies to the Deployment Package</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-119">Adding Assemblies to the Deployment Package</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3a007-120">When you host your ASP.NET application on-premise, the ReportViewer assemblies are usually installed directly in the global assembly cache (GAC) of the IIS server during Visual Studio installation, and can be accessed directly by the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-120">When you host your ASP.NET application on-premise, the ReportViewer assemblies are usually installed directly in the global assembly cache (GAC) of the IIS server during Visual Studio installation, and can be accessed directly by the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-121">However, when you host your ASP.NET application in the cloud, Microsoft Azure does not allow anything to be installed into the GAC, so you must make sure the ReportViewer assemblies are available locally for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-121">However, when you host your ASP.NET application in the cloud, Microsoft Azure does not allow anything to be installed into the GAC, so you must make sure the ReportViewer assemblies are available locally for your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-122">You can do this by adding references to them in your project and configure them to be copied locally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-122">You can do this by adding references to them in your project and configure them to be copied locally.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3a007-123">In remote processing mode, the ReportViewer control uses the following assemblies:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-123">In remote processing mode, the ReportViewer control uses the following assemblies:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="3a007-124">**Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.dll**: Contains the ReportViewer code, which you need to use ReportViewer in your page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-124">**Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.dll**: Contains the ReportViewer code, which you need to use ReportViewer in your page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-125">A reference for this assembly is added to your project when you drop a ReportViewer control onto an ASP.NET page in your project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-125">A reference for this assembly is added to your project when you drop a ReportViewer control onto an ASP.NET page in your project.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3a007-126">**Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll**: Contains classes used by the ReportViewer control at run time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-126">**Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll**: Contains classes used by the ReportViewer control at run time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-127">It is not automatically added to your project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-127">It is not automatically added to your project.</span></span>

### <a name="to-add-a-reference-to-microsoftreportviewercommon"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-128">To add a reference to Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-128">To add a reference to Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3a007-129">Right-click your project’s **References** node and select **Add Reference**, select the assembly in the .NET tab, and click **OK**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-129">Right-click your project’s **References** node and select **Add Reference**, select the assembly in the .NET tab, and click **OK**.</span></span>

### <a name="to-make-the-assemblies-locally-accessible-by-your-aspnet-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-130">To make the assemblies locally accessible by your ASP.NET application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-130">To make the assemblies locally accessible by your ASP.NET application</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-131">In the **References** folder, click the Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common assembly so that its properties appear in the Properties pane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-131">In the **References** folder, click the Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common assembly so that its properties appear in the Properties pane.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-132">In the Properties pane, set **Copy Local** to True.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-132">In the Properties pane, set **Copy Local** to True.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-133">Repeat steps 1 and 2 for Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-133">Repeat steps 1 and 2 for Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.</span></span>

### <a name="to-get-reportviewer-language-pack"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-134">To get ReportViewer Language Pack</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-134">To get ReportViewer Language Pack</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-135">Install the appropriate Microsoft Report Viewer 2012 Runtime redistributable package from [Microsoft Download Center](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=317386).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-135">Install the appropriate Microsoft Report Viewer 2012 Runtime redistributable package from [Microsoft Download Center](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=317386).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-136">Select the language from the dropdown list and the page gets redirected to the corresponding download center page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-136">Select the language from the dropdown list and the page gets redirected to the corresponding download center page.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-137">Click **Download** to start the download of ReportViewerLP.exe.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-137">Click **Download** to start the download of ReportViewerLP.exe.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-138">After you download ReportViewerLP.exe, click **Run** to install immediately, or click **Save** to save it to your computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-138">After you download ReportViewerLP.exe, click **Run** to install immediately, or click **Save** to save it to your computer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-139">If you click **Save**, remember the name of the folder where you save the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-139">If you click **Save**, remember the name of the folder where you save the file.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-140">Locate the folder where you saved the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-140">Locate the folder where you saved the file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-141">Right-click ReportViewerLP.exe, click **Run as administrator**, and then click **Yes**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-141">Right-click ReportViewerLP.exe, click **Run as administrator**, and then click **Yes**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-142">After running ReportViewerLP.exe, you will see the c:\windows\assembly has the resource files **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Webforms.Resources** and **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.Resources**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-142">After running ReportViewerLP.exe, you will see the c:\windows\assembly has the resource files **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Webforms.Resources** and **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.Resources**.</span></span>

### <a name="to-configure-for-localized-reportviewer-control"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-143">To configure for localized ReportViewer control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-143">To configure for localized ReportViewer control</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-144">Download and install the Microsoft Report Viewer 2012 Runtime redistributable package by following the above specified instructions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-144">Download and install the Microsoft Report Viewer 2012 Runtime redistributable package by following the above specified instructions.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-145">Create <language> folder in the project and copy the associated resource assembly files there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-145">Create <language> folder in the project and copy the associated resource assembly files there.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-146">The resource assembly files to be copied are: **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Webforms.Resources.dll** and **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.Resources.dll**.Select the resource assembly files, and in the Properties pane, set **Copy to Output Directory** to “**Copy always**”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-146">The resource assembly files to be copied are: **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Webforms.Resources.dll** and **Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.Resources.dll**.Select the resource assembly files, and in the Properties pane, set **Copy to Output Directory** to “**Copy always**”.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3a007-147">Set the Culture & UICulture for the web project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-147">Set the Culture & UICulture for the web project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-148">For more information about how to set the Culture and UI Culture for an ASP.NET Web page, see [How to: Set the Culture and UI Culture for ASP.NET Web Page Globalization](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=237461).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-148">For more information about how to set the Culture and UI Culture for an ASP.NET Web page, see [How to: Set the Culture and UI Culture for ASP.NET Web Page Globalization](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=237461).</span></span>

## <a name="configuring-authentication-and-authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-149">Configuring Authentication and Authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-149">Configuring Authentication and Authorization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3a007-150">The ReportViewer needs to use proper credentials to authenticate with the report server, and the credentials must be authorized by the report server to access the reports you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-150">The ReportViewer needs to use proper credentials to authenticate with the report server, and the credentials must be authorized by the report server to access the reports you want.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-151">For information on authentication, see the white paper [Reporting Services report viewer control and Microsoft Azure virtual machine based report servers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn753698.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-151">For information on authentication, see the white paper [Reporting Services report viewer control and Microsoft Azure virtual machine based report servers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn753698.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="publish-the-aspnet-web-application-to-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-152">Publish the ASP.NET Web application to Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-152">Publish the ASP.NET Web application to Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3a007-153">For instructions on publishing an ASP.NET Web application to Azure, see [How to: Migrate and Publish a Web Application to Azure from Visual Studio](../../../vs-azure-tools-migrate-publish-web-app-to-cloud-service.md) and [Get started with Web Apps and ASP.NET](../../../app-service-web/app-service-web-get-started-dotnet.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-153">For instructions on publishing an ASP.NET Web application to Azure, see [How to: Migrate and Publish a Web Application to Azure from Visual Studio](../../../vs-azure-tools-migrate-publish-web-app-to-cloud-service.md) and [Get started with Web Apps and ASP.NET](../../../app-service-web/app-service-web-get-started-dotnet.md).</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-154">If the Add Azure Deployment Project or Add Azure Cloud Service Project command does not appear in the shortcut menu in Solution Explorer, you may need to change the Target framework for the project to .NET Framework 4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-154">If the Add Azure Deployment Project or Add Azure Cloud Service Project command does not appear in the shortcut menu in Solution Explorer, you may need to change the Target framework for the project to .NET Framework 4.</span></span>
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-155">The two commands provide essentially the same functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-155">The two commands provide essentially the same functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3a007-156">One or the other command will appear in the shortcut menu depending on which version of the Microsoft Azure SDK you have installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-156">One or the other command will appear in the shortcut menu depending on which version of the Microsoft Azure SDK you have installed.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="3a007-157">Resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-157">Resources</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="3a007-158">Microsoft Reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-158">Microsoft Reports</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=205399)

[<span data-ttu-id="3a007-159">SQL Server Business Intelligence in Azure Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-159">SQL Server Business Intelligence in Azure Virtual Machines</span></span>](../classic/ps-sql-bi.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="3a007-160">Use PowerShell to Create an Azure VM With a Native Mode Report Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3a007-160">Use PowerShell to Create an Azure VM With a Native Mode Report Server</span></span>](../classic/ps-sql-report.md)

