---
title: Configure an external Listener for Always On Availability Groups | Microsoft Docs
description: This tutorial walks you through steps of creating an Always On Availability Group Listener in Azure that is externally accessible by using the public Virtual IP address of the associated cloud service.
services: virtual-machines-windows
documentationcenter: na
author: MikeRayMSFT
manager: craigg
editor: ''
tags: azure-service-management
ms.assetid: a2453032-94ab-4775-b976-c74d24716728
ms.service: virtual-machines-sql
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-windows-sql-server
ms.workload: iaas-sql-server
ms.date: 05/31/2017
ms.author: mikeray
ms.openlocfilehash: 58ec400faee04f8624822bbcb5325fca7006c578
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44778991"
---
# <a name="configure-an-external-listener-for-always-on-availability-groups-in-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-103">Configure an external listener for Always On Availability Groups in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-103">Configure an external listener for Always On Availability Groups in Azure</span></span>
> [!div class="op_single_selector"]
> * [Internal Listener](../classic/ps-sql-int-listener.md)
> * [External Listener](../classic/ps-sql-ext-listener.md)
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="f8419-106">This topic shows you how to configure a listener for an Always On Availability Group that is externally accessible on the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-106">This topic shows you how to configure a listener for an Always On Availability Group that is externally accessible on the internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-107">This is made possible by associating the cloud service's **public Virtual IP (VIP)** address with the listener.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-107">This is made possible by associating the cloud service's **public Virtual IP (VIP)** address with the listener.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> Azure has two different deployment models for creating and working with resources: [Resource Manager and Classic](../../../azure-resource-manager/resource-manager-deployment-model.md). This article covers using the Classic deployment model. Microsoft recommends that most new deployments use the Resource Manager model.

<span data-ttu-id="f8419-111">Your Availability Group can contain replicas that are on-premises only, Azure only, or span both on-premises and Azure for hybrid configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-111">Your Availability Group can contain replicas that are on-premises only, Azure only, or span both on-premises and Azure for hybrid configurations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-112">Azure replicas can reside within the same region or across multiple regions using multiple virtual networks (VNets).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-112">Azure replicas can reside within the same region or across multiple regions using multiple virtual networks (VNets).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-113">The steps below assume you have already [configured an availability group](../classic/portal-sql-alwayson-availability-groups.md) but have not configured a listener.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-113">The steps below assume you have already [configured an availability group](../classic/portal-sql-alwayson-availability-groups.md) but have not configured a listener.</span></span>

## <a name="guidelines-and-limitations-for-external-listeners"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-114">Guidelines and limitations for external listeners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-114">Guidelines and limitations for external listeners</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8419-115">Note the following guidelines about the availability group listener in Azure when you are deploying using the cloud service pubic VIP address:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-115">Note the following guidelines about the availability group listener in Azure when you are deploying using the cloud service pubic VIP address:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f8419-116">The availability group listener is supported on Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows Server 2012, and Windows Server 2012 R2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-116">The availability group listener is supported on Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows Server 2012, and Windows Server 2012 R2.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8419-117">The client application must reside on a different cloud service than the one that contains your availability group VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-117">The client application must reside on a different cloud service than the one that contains your availability group VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-118">Azure does not support direct server return with client and server in the same cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-118">Azure does not support direct server return with client and server in the same cloud service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8419-119">By default, the steps in this article show how to configure one listener to use the cloud service Virtual IP (VIP) address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-119">By default, the steps in this article show how to configure one listener to use the cloud service Virtual IP (VIP) address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-120">However, it is possible to reserve and create multiple VIP addresses for your cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-120">However, it is possible to reserve and create multiple VIP addresses for your cloud service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-121">This enables you to use the steps in this article to create multiple listeners that are each associated with a different VIP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-121">This enables you to use the steps in this article to create multiple listeners that are each associated with a different VIP.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-122">For information on how to create multiple VIP addresses, see [Multiple VIPs per cloud service](../../../load-balancer/load-balancer-multivip.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-122">For information on how to create multiple VIP addresses, see [Multiple VIPs per cloud service](../../../load-balancer/load-balancer-multivip.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8419-123">If you are creating a listener for a hybrid environment, the on-premises network must have connectivity to the public Internet in addition to the site-to-site VPN with the Azure virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-123">If you are creating a listener for a hybrid environment, the on-premises network must have connectivity to the public Internet in addition to the site-to-site VPN with the Azure virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-124">When in the Azure subnet, the availability group listener is reachable only by the public IP address of the respective cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-124">When in the Azure subnet, the availability group listener is reachable only by the public IP address of the respective cloud service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8419-125">It is not supported to create an external listener in the same cloud service where you also have an internal listener using the Internal Load Balancer (ILB).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-125">It is not supported to create an external listener in the same cloud service where you also have an internal listener using the Internal Load Balancer (ILB).</span></span>

## <a name="determine-the-accessibility-of-the-listener"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-126">Determine the accessibility of the listener</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-126">Determine the accessibility of the listener</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [ag-listener-accessibility](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-determine-accessibility.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="f8419-127">This article focuses on creating a listener that uses **external load balancing**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-127">This article focuses on creating a listener that uses **external load balancing**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-128">If you want a listener that is private to your virtual network, see the version of this article that provides steps for setting up an [listener with ILB](../classic/ps-sql-int-listener.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-128">If you want a listener that is private to your virtual network, see the version of this article that provides steps for setting up an [listener with ILB](../classic/ps-sql-int-listener.md)</span></span>

## <a name="create-load-balanced-vm-endpoints-with-direct-server-return"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-129">Create load-balanced VM endpoints with direct server return</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-129">Create load-balanced VM endpoints with direct server return</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8419-130">External load balancing uses the virtual the public Virtual IP address of the cloud service that hosts your VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-130">External load balancing uses the virtual the public Virtual IP address of the cloud service that hosts your VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-131">So you do not need to create or configure the load balancer in this case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-131">So you do not need to create or configure the load balancer in this case.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f8419-132">You must create a load-balanced endpoint for each VM hosting an Azure replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-132">You must create a load-balanced endpoint for each VM hosting an Azure replica.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-133">If you have replicas in multiple regions, each replica for that region must be in the same cloud service in the same VNet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-133">If you have replicas in multiple regions, each replica for that region must be in the same cloud service in the same VNet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-134">Creating Availability Group replicas that span multiple Azure regions requires configuring multiple VNets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-134">Creating Availability Group replicas that span multiple Azure regions requires configuring multiple VNets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-135">For more information on configuring cross VNet connectivity, see  [Configure VNet to VNet Connectivity](../../../vpn-gateway/virtual-networks-configure-vnet-to-vnet-connection.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-135">For more information on configuring cross VNet connectivity, see  [Configure VNet to VNet Connectivity](../../../vpn-gateway/virtual-networks-configure-vnet-to-vnet-connection.md).</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-136">In the Azure portal, navigate to each VM hosting a replica and view the details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-136">In the Azure portal, navigate to each VM hosting a replica and view the details.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-137">Click the **Endpoints** tab for each of the VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-137">Click the **Endpoints** tab for each of the VMs.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-138">Verify that the **Name** and **Public Port** of the listener endpoint you want to use is not already in use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-138">Verify that the **Name** and **Public Port** of the listener endpoint you want to use is not already in use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-139">In the example below, the name is “MyEndpoint” and the port is “1433”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-139">In the example below, the name is “MyEndpoint” and the port is “1433”.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-140">On your local client, download and install [the latest PowerShell module](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-140">On your local client, download and install [the latest PowerShell module](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/).</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-141">Launch **Azure PowerShell**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-141">Launch **Azure PowerShell**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-142">A new PowerShell session is opened with the Azure administrative modules loaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-142">A new PowerShell session is opened with the Azure administrative modules loaded.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-143">Run **Get-AzurePublishSettingsFile**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-143">Run **Get-AzurePublishSettingsFile**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-144">This cmdlet directs you to a browser to download a publish settings file to a local directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-144">This cmdlet directs you to a browser to download a publish settings file to a local directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-145">You may be prompted for your log-in credentials for your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-145">You may be prompted for your log-in credentials for your Azure subscription.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-146">Run the **Import-AzurePublishSettingsFile** command with the path of the publish settings file that you downloaded:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-146">Run the **Import-AzurePublishSettingsFile** command with the path of the publish settings file that you downloaded:</span></span>
   
        Import-AzurePublishSettingsFile -PublishSettingsFile <PublishSettingsFilePath>
   
    <span data-ttu-id="f8419-147">Once the publish settings file is imported, you can manage your Azure subscription in the PowerShell session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-147">Once the publish settings file is imported, you can manage your Azure subscription in the PowerShell session.</span></span>
    
1. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-148">Copy the PowerShell script below into a text editor and set the variable values to suit your environment (defaults have been provided for some parameters).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-148">Copy the PowerShell script below into a text editor and set the variable values to suit your environment (defaults have been provided for some parameters).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-149">Note that if your availability group spans Azure regions, you must run the script once in each datacenter for the cloud service and nodes that reside in that datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-149">Note that if your availability group spans Azure regions, you must run the script once in each datacenter for the cloud service and nodes that reside in that datacenter.</span></span>
   
        # Define variables
        $ServiceName = "<MyCloudService>" # the name of the cloud service that contains the availability group nodes
        $AGNodes = "<VM1>","<VM2>","<VM3>" # all availability group nodes containing replicas in the same cloud service, separated by commas
   
        # Configure a load balanced endpoint for each node in $AGNodes, with direct server return enabled
        ForEach ($node in $AGNodes)
        {
            Get-AzureVM -ServiceName $ServiceName -Name $node | Add-AzureEndpoint -Name "ListenerEndpoint" -Protocol "TCP" -PublicPort 1433 -LocalPort 1433 -LBSetName "ListenerEndpointLB" -ProbePort 59999 -ProbeProtocol "TCP" -DirectServerReturn $true | Update-AzureVM
        }

2. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-150">Once you have set the variables, copy the script from the text editor into your Azure PowerShell session to run it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-150">Once you have set the variables, copy the script from the text editor into your Azure PowerShell session to run it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-151">If the prompt still shows >>, type ENTER again to make sure the script starts running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-151">If the prompt still shows >>, type ENTER again to make sure the script starts running.</span></span>

## <a name="verify-that-kb2854082-is-installed-if-necessary"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-152">Verify that KB2854082 is installed if necessary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-152">Verify that KB2854082 is installed if necessary</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [kb2854082](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-kb2854082.md)]

## <a name="open-the-firewall-ports-in-availability-group-nodes"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-153">Open the firewall ports in availability group nodes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-153">Open the firewall ports in availability group nodes</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [firewall](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-open-firewall.md)]

## <a name="create-the-availability-group-listener"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-154">Create the availability group listener</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-154">Create the availability group listener</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f8419-155">Create the availability group listener in two steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-155">Create the availability group listener in two steps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-156">First, create the client access point cluster resource and configure  dependencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-156">First, create the client access point cluster resource and configure  dependencies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-157">Second, configure the cluster resources with PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-157">Second, configure the cluster resources with PowerShell.</span></span>

### <a name="create-the-client-access-point-and-configure-the-cluster-dependencies"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-158">Create the client access point and configure the cluster dependencies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-158">Create the client access point and configure the cluster dependencies</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [firewall](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-create-listener.md)]

### <a name="configure-the-cluster-resources-in-powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-159">Configure the cluster resources in PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-159">Configure the cluster resources in PowerShell</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-160">For external load balancing, you must obtain the public virtual IP address of the cloud service that contains your replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-160">For external load balancing, you must obtain the public virtual IP address of the cloud service that contains your replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-161">Log into the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-161">Log into the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-162">Navigate to the cloud service that contains your availability group VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-162">Navigate to the cloud service that contains your availability group VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-163">Open the **Dashboard** view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-163">Open the **Dashboard** view.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-164">Note the address shown under **Public Virtual IP (VIP) Address**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-164">Note the address shown under **Public Virtual IP (VIP) Address**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-165">If your solution spans VNets, repeat this step for each cloud service that contains a VM that hosts a replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-165">If your solution spans VNets, repeat this step for each cloud service that contains a VM that hosts a replica.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-166">On one of the VMs, copy the PowerShell script below into a text editor and set the variables to the values you noted earlier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-166">On one of the VMs, copy the PowerShell script below into a text editor and set the variables to the values you noted earlier.</span></span>
   
        # Define variables
        $ClusterNetworkName = "<ClusterNetworkName>" # the cluster network name (Use Get-ClusterNetwork on Windows Server 2012 of higher to find the name)
        $IPResourceName = "<IPResourceName>" # the IP Address resource name
        $CloudServiceIP = "<X.X.X.X>" # Public Virtual IP (VIP) address of your cloud service
   
        Import-Module FailoverClusters
   
        # If you are using Windows Server 2012 or higher, use the Get-Cluster Resource command. If you are using Windows Server 2008 R2, use the cluster res command. Both commands are commented out. Choose the one applicable to your environment and remove the # at the beginning of the line to convert the comment to an executable line of code.
   
        # Get-ClusterResource $IPResourceName | Set-ClusterParameter -Multiple @{"Address"="$CloudServiceIP";"ProbePort"="59999";"SubnetMask"="255.255.255.255";"Network"="$ClusterNetworkName";"OverrideAddressMatch"=1;"EnableDhcp"=0}
        # cluster res $IPResourceName /priv enabledhcp=0 overrideaddressmatch=1 address=$CloudServiceIP probeport=59999  subnetmask=255.255.255.255
4. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-167">Once you have set the variables, open an elevated Windows PowerShell window, then copy the script from the text editor and paste into your Azure PowerShell session to run it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-167">Once you have set the variables, open an elevated Windows PowerShell window, then copy the script from the text editor and paste into your Azure PowerShell session to run it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-168">If the prompt still shows >>, type ENTER again to make sure the script starts running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-168">If the prompt still shows >>, type ENTER again to make sure the script starts running.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f8419-169">Repeat this on each VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-169">Repeat this on each VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-170">This script configures the IP Address resource with the IP address of the cloud service and sets other parameters like the probe port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-170">This script configures the IP Address resource with the IP address of the cloud service and sets other parameters like the probe port.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-171">When the IP Address resource is brought online, it can then respond to the polling on the probe port from the load-balanced endpoint created earlier in this tutorial.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-171">When the IP Address resource is brought online, it can then respond to the polling on the probe port from the load-balanced endpoint created earlier in this tutorial.</span></span>

## <a name="bring-the-listener-online"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-172">Bring the listener online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-172">Bring the listener online</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [Bring-Listener-Online](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-bring-online.md)]

## <a name="follow-up-items"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-173">Follow-up items</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-173">Follow-up items</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [Follow-up](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-follow-up.md)]

## <a name="test-the-availability-group-listener-within-the-same-vnet"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-174">Test the availability group listener (within the same VNet)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-174">Test the availability group listener (within the same VNet)</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [Test-Listener-Within-VNET](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-test.md)]

## <a name="test-the-availability-group-listener-over-the-internet"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-175">Test the availability group listener (over the internet)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-175">Test the availability group listener (over the internet)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8419-176">In order to access the listener from outside the virtual network, you must be using external/public load balancing (described in this topic) rather than ILB, which is only accesible within the same VNet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-176">In order to access the listener from outside the virtual network, you must be using external/public load balancing (described in this topic) rather than ILB, which is only accesible within the same VNet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-177">In the connection string, you specify the cloud service name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-177">In the connection string, you specify the cloud service name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-178">For example, if you had a cloud service with the name *mycloudservice*, the sqlcmd statement would be as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-178">For example, if you had a cloud service with the name *mycloudservice*, the sqlcmd statement would be as follows:</span></span>

    sqlcmd -S "mycloudservice.cloudapp.net,<EndpointPort>" -d "<DatabaseName>" -U "<LoginId>" -P "<Password>"  -Q "select @@servername, db_name()" -l 15

<span data-ttu-id="f8419-179">Unlike the previous example, SQL authentication must be used, because the caller cannot use windows authentication over the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-179">Unlike the previous example, SQL authentication must be used, because the caller cannot use windows authentication over the internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-180">For more information, see [Always On Availability Group in Azure VM: Client Connectivity Scenarios](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/sqlcat/archive/2014/02/03/alwayson-availability-group-in-windows-azure-vm-client-connectivity-scenarios.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-180">For more information, see [Always On Availability Group in Azure VM: Client Connectivity Scenarios](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/sqlcat/archive/2014/02/03/alwayson-availability-group-in-windows-azure-vm-client-connectivity-scenarios.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-181">When using SQL authentication, make sure that you create the same login on both replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-181">When using SQL authentication, make sure that you create the same login on both replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-182">For more information about troubleshooting logins with Availability Groups, see [How to map logins or use contained SQL database user to connect to other replicas and map to availability databases](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/alwaysonpro/archive/2014/02/19/how-to-map-logins-or-use-contained-sql-database-user-to-connect-to-other-replicas-and-map-to-availability-databases.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-182">For more information about troubleshooting logins with Availability Groups, see [How to map logins or use contained SQL database user to connect to other replicas and map to availability databases](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/alwaysonpro/archive/2014/02/19/how-to-map-logins-or-use-contained-sql-database-user-to-connect-to-other-replicas-and-map-to-availability-databases.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f8419-183">If the Always On replicas are in different subnets, clients must specify **MultisubnetFailover=True** in the connection string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-183">If the Always On replicas are in different subnets, clients must specify **MultisubnetFailover=True** in the connection string.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-184">This results in parallel connection attempts to replicas in the different subnets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-184">This results in parallel connection attempts to replicas in the different subnets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8419-185">Note that this scenario includes a cross-region Always On Availability Group deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-185">Note that this scenario includes a cross-region Always On Availability Group deployment.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8419-186">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8419-186">Next steps</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [Listener-Next-Steps](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-ag-listener-next-steps.md)]

