---
title: Managing access to apps using Azure AD | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes how Azure Active Directory enables organizations to specify the apps to which each user has access.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: femila
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: b0829f18-9e57-4107-925d-5f0457d81671
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/22/2017
ms.author: markvi
ms.openlocfilehash: f230c1469dc89083f8a8c2117c450e2c97b3eb69
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554642"
---
# <a name="managing-access-to-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="e397f-103">Managing access to apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-103">Managing access to apps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e397f-104">Ongoing access management, usage evaluation, and reporting continue to be a challenge after an app is integrated into your organization's identity system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-104">Ongoing access management, usage evaluation, and reporting continue to be a challenge after an app is integrated into your organization's identity system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-105">In many cases, IT Administrators or helpdesk have to take an ongoing active role in managing access to your apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-105">In many cases, IT Administrators or helpdesk have to take an ongoing active role in managing access to your apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-106">Sometimes, assignment is performed by a general or divisional IT team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-106">Sometimes, assignment is performed by a general or divisional IT team.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-107">Often, the assignment decision is intended to be delegated to the business decision maker, requiring their approval before IT makes the assignment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-107">Often, the assignment decision is intended to be delegated to the business decision maker, requiring their approval before IT makes the assignment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e397f-108">Other organizations invest in integration with an existing automated identity and access management system, like Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) or Attribute-Based Access Control (ABAC).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-108">Other organizations invest in integration with an existing automated identity and access management system, like Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) or Attribute-Based Access Control (ABAC).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-109">Both the integration and rule development tend to be specialized and expensive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-109">Both the integration and rule development tend to be specialized and expensive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-110">Monitoring or reporting on either management approach is its own separate, costly, and complex investment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-110">Monitoring or reporting on either management approach is its own separate, costly, and complex investment.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-azure-active-directory-help"></a><span data-ttu-id="e397f-111">How does Azure Active Directory help?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-111">How does Azure Active Directory help?</span></span>
 <span data-ttu-id="e397f-112">Azure AD supports extensive access management for configured applications, enabling organizations to easily achieve the right access policies ranging from automatic, attribute-based assignment (ABAC or RBAC scenarios) through delegation and including administrator management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-112">Azure AD supports extensive access management for configured applications, enabling organizations to easily achieve the right access policies ranging from automatic, attribute-based assignment (ABAC or RBAC scenarios) through delegation and including administrator management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-113">With Azure AD you can easily achieve complex policies, combining multiple management models for a single application and can even re-use management rules across applications with the same audiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-113">With Azure AD you can easily achieve complex policies, combining multiple management models for a single application and can even re-use management rules across applications with the same audiences.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="e397f-114">Adding new or existing applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-114">Adding new or existing applications</span></span>](active-directory-sso-integrate-saas-apps.md)

 <span data-ttu-id="e397f-115">Azure AD's application assignment focuses on two primary assignment modes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-115">Azure AD's application assignment focuses on two primary assignment modes:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e397f-116">**Individual assignment** An IT admin with directory Global Administrator permissions can select individual user accounts and grant them access to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-116">**Individual assignment** An IT admin with directory Global Administrator permissions can select individual user accounts and grant them access to the application.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e397f-117">**Group-based assignment (paid Azure AD only)** An IT admin with directory Global Administrator permissions can assign a group to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-117">**Group-based assignment (paid Azure AD only)** An IT admin with directory Global Administrator permissions can assign a group to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-118">Specific users' access is determined by whether they are members of the group at the time they attempt to access the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-118">Specific users' access is determined by whether they are members of the group at the time they attempt to access the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-119">In other words, an administrator can effectively create an assignment rule stating "any current member of the assigned group has access to the application".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-119">In other words, an administrator can effectively create an assignment rule stating "any current member of the assigned group has access to the application".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-120">Using this assignment option, administrators can benefit from any of Azure AD group management options, including [attribute-based dynamic groups](active-directory-accessmanagement-manage-groups.md), external system groups (for example, on-premises Active Directory or Workday), or Administrator-managed or self-service-managed groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-120">Using this assignment option, administrators can benefit from any of Azure AD group management options, including [attribute-based dynamic groups](active-directory-accessmanagement-manage-groups.md), external system groups (for example, on-premises Active Directory or Workday), or Administrator-managed or self-service-managed groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-121">A single group can be easily assigned to multiple apps, ensuring that applications with assignment affinity can share assignment rules, reducing the overall management complexity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-121">A single group can be easily assigned to multiple apps, ensuring that applications with assignment affinity can share assignment rules, reducing the overall management complexity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-122">Please note that nested group memberships are not supported for group-based assignment to applications at this time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-122">Please note that nested group memberships are not supported for group-based assignment to applications at this time.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e397f-123">Using these two assignment modes, administrators can achieve any desirable assignment management approach.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-123">Using these two assignment modes, administrators can achieve any desirable assignment management approach.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e397f-124">With Azure AD, usage and assignment reporting is fully integrated, enabling administrators to easily report on assignment state, assignment errors, and even usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-124">With Azure AD, usage and assignment reporting is fully integrated, enabling administrators to easily report on assignment state, assignment errors, and even usage.</span></span>

## <a name="complex-application-assignment-with-azure-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="e397f-125">Complex application assignment with Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-125">Complex application assignment with Azure AD</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e397f-126">Consider an application like Salesforce.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-126">Consider an application like Salesforce.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-127">In many organizations, Salesforce is primarily used by the marketing and sales organizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-127">In many organizations, Salesforce is primarily used by the marketing and sales organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-128">Often, members of the marketing team have highly privileged access to Salesforce, while members of the sales team have limited access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-128">Often, members of the marketing team have highly privileged access to Salesforce, while members of the sales team have limited access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-129">In many cases, a broad population of information workers have restricted access to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-129">In many cases, a broad population of information workers have restricted access to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-130">Exceptions to these rules complicate matters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-130">Exceptions to these rules complicate matters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-131">It is often the prerogative of the marketing or sales leadership teams to grant a user access or change their roles independently of these generic rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-131">It is often the prerogative of the marketing or sales leadership teams to grant a user access or change their roles independently of these generic rules.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e397f-132">With Azure AD, applications like Salesforce can be pre-configured for single sign-on (SSO) and automated provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-132">With Azure AD, applications like Salesforce can be pre-configured for single sign-on (SSO) and automated provisioning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-133">Once the application is configured, an Administrator can take the one-time action to create and assign the appropriate groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-133">Once the application is configured, an Administrator can take the one-time action to create and assign the appropriate groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-134">In this example, an administrator could execute the following assignments:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-134">In this example, an administrator could execute the following assignments:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e397f-135">[Dynamic groups](active-directory-accessmanagement-manage-groups.md) can be defined to automatically represent all members of the marketing and sales teams using attributes like department or role:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-135">[Dynamic groups](active-directory-accessmanagement-manage-groups.md) can be defined to automatically represent all members of the marketing and sales teams using attributes like department or role:</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="e397f-136">All members of marketing groups would be assigned to the "marketing" role in Salesforce</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-136">All members of marketing groups would be assigned to the "marketing" role in Salesforce</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e397f-137">All members of sales team groups would be assigned to the "sales" role in Salesforce.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-137">All members of sales team groups would be assigned to the "sales" role in Salesforce.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-138">A further refinement could use multiple groups that represent regional sales teams assigned to different Salesforce roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-138">A further refinement could use multiple groups that represent regional sales teams assigned to different Salesforce roles.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e397f-139">To enable the exception mechanism, a self-service group could be created for each role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-139">To enable the exception mechanism, a self-service group could be created for each role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-140">For example, the "Salesforce marketing exception" group can be created as a self-service group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-140">For example, the "Salesforce marketing exception" group can be created as a self-service group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-141">The group can be assigned to the Salesforce marketing role and the marketing leadership team can be made owners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-141">The group can be assigned to the Salesforce marketing role and the marketing leadership team can be made owners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-142">Members of the marketing leadership team could add or remove users, set a join policy, or even approve or deny individual users' requests to join.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-142">Members of the marketing leadership team could add or remove users, set a join policy, or even approve or deny individual users' requests to join.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-143">This is supported through an information worker appropriate experience that does not require specialized training for owners or members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-143">This is supported through an information worker appropriate experience that does not require specialized training for owners or members.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e397f-144">In this case, all assigned users would be automatically provisioned to Salesforce, as they are added to different groups their role assignment would be updated in Salesforce.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-144">In this case, all assigned users would be automatically provisioned to Salesforce, as they are added to different groups their role assignment would be updated in Salesforce.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-145">Users would be able to discover and access Salesforce through the Microsoft application access panel, Office web clients, or even by navigating to their organizational Salesforce login page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-145">Users would be able to discover and access Salesforce through the Microsoft application access panel, Office web clients, or even by navigating to their organizational Salesforce login page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-146">Administrators would be able to easily view usage and assignment status using Azure AD reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-146">Administrators would be able to easily view usage and assignment status using Azure AD reporting.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e397f-147">Administrators can employ [Azure AD conditional access](active-directory-conditional-access.md) to set access policies for specific roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-147">Administrators can employ [Azure AD conditional access](active-directory-conditional-access.md) to set access policies for specific roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e397f-148">These policies can include whether access is permitted outside the corporate environment and even Multi-Factor Authentication or device requirements to achieve access in various cases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-148">These policies can include whether access is permitted outside the corporate environment and even Multi-Factor Authentication or device requirements to achieve access in various cases.</span></span>

## <a name="how-can-i-get-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="e397f-149">How can I get started?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-149">How can I get started?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e397f-150">First, if you aren't already using Azure AD and you are an IT admin:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-150">First, if you aren't already using Azure AD and you are an IT admin:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="e397f-151">Try it out!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-151">Try it out!</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/trial/get-started-active-directory/) <span data-ttu-id="e397f-152">- you can sign up for a free 30-day trial today and deploy your first cloud solution in under 5 minutes using this link</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-152">- you can sign up for a free 30-day trial today and deploy your first cloud solution in under 5 minutes using this link</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e397f-153">Azure AD features that enable account sharing include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-153">Azure AD features that enable account sharing include:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="e397f-154">Group assignment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-154">Group assignment</span></span>](active-directory-accessmanagement-self-service-group-management.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="e397f-155">Adding applications to Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-155">Adding applications to Azure AD</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e397f-156">Getting started with assignment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-156">Getting started with assignment</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e397f-157">Application assignment FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-157">Application assignment FAQ</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="e397f-158">App usage dashboard/reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-158">App usage dashboard/reports</span></span>](active-directory-passwords-get-insights.md)

## <a name="where-can-i-learn-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="e397f-159">Where can I learn more?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-159">Where can I learn more?</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="e397f-160">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-160">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-apps-index.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="e397f-161">Protecting apps with conditional access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-161">Protecting apps with conditional access</span></span>](active-directory-conditional-access.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="e397f-162">Self-service group management/SSAA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e397f-162">Self-service group management/SSAA</span></span>](active-directory-accessmanagement-self-service-group-management.md)

