---
title: Settings and data roaming FAQ | Microsoft Docs
description: Provides answers to some questions IT administrators might have about settings and app data sync.
services: active-directory
keywords: enterprise state roaming settings, windows cloud, frequently asked questions on enterprise state roaming
documentationcenter: ''
author: tanning
manager: swadhwa
editor: curtand
ms.assetid: c0824f5c-129b-4240-969f-921f6a64eae7
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/08/2017
ms.author: markvi
ms.openlocfilehash: 9968d9fa1ebbc92b5647a23c75e75fb819f5d5ab
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555466"
---
# <a name="settings-and-data-roaming-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-104">Settings and data roaming FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-104">Settings and data roaming FAQ</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-105">This topic answers some questions IT administrators might have about settings and app data sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-105">This topic answers some questions IT administrators might have about settings and app data sync.</span></span>

## <a name="what-data-roams"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-106">What data roams?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-106">What data roams?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-107">**Windows settings**: the PC settings that are built into the Windows operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-107">**Windows settings**: the PC settings that are built into the Windows operating system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-108">Generally, these are settings that personalize your PC, and they include the following broad categories:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-108">Generally, these are settings that personalize your PC, and they include the following broad categories:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="78770-109">*Theme*, which includes features such as desktop theme and taskbar settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-109">*Theme*, which includes features such as desktop theme and taskbar settings.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-110">*Internet Explorer settings*, including recently opened tabs and favorites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-110">*Internet Explorer settings*, including recently opened tabs and favorites.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-111">*Edge browser settings*, such as favorites and reading list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-111">*Edge browser settings*, such as favorites and reading list.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-112">*Passwords*, including Internet passwords, Wi-Fi profiles, and others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-112">*Passwords*, including Internet passwords, Wi-Fi profiles, and others.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-113">*Language preferences*, which includes settings for keyboard layouts, system language, date and time, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-113">*Language preferences*, which includes settings for keyboard layouts, system language, date and time, and more.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-114">*Ease of access features*, such as high-contrast theme, Narrator, and Magnifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-114">*Ease of access features*, such as high-contrast theme, Narrator, and Magnifier.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-115">*Other Windows settings*, such as command prompt settings and application list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-115">*Other Windows settings*, such as command prompt settings and application list.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-116">**Application data**: Universal Windows apps can write settings data to a roaming folder, and any data written to this folder will automatically be synced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-116">**Application data**: Universal Windows apps can write settings data to a roaming folder, and any data written to this folder will automatically be synced.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-117">It’s up to the individual app developer to design an app to take advantage of this capability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-117">It’s up to the individual app developer to design an app to take advantage of this capability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-118">For more details about how to develop a Universal Windows app that uses roaming, see the [appdata storage API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/apps/mt299098.aspx) and the [Windows 8 appdata roaming developer blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsappdev/archive/2012/07/17/roaming-your-app-data.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-118">For more details about how to develop a Universal Windows app that uses roaming, see the [appdata storage API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/apps/mt299098.aspx) and the [Windows 8 appdata roaming developer blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsappdev/archive/2012/07/17/roaming-your-app-data.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="what-account-is-used-for-settings-sync"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-119">What account is used for settings sync?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-119">What account is used for settings sync?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-120">In Windows 8 and Windows 8.1, settings sync always used consumer Microsoft accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-120">In Windows 8 and Windows 8.1, settings sync always used consumer Microsoft accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-121">Enterprise users had the ability to connect a Microsoft account to their Active Directory domain account to gain access to settings sync. In Windows 10, this connected Microsoft account functionality is being replaced with a primary/secondary account framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-121">Enterprise users had the ability to connect a Microsoft account to their Active Directory domain account to gain access to settings sync. In Windows 10, this connected Microsoft account functionality is being replaced with a primary/secondary account framework.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-122">The primary account is defined as the account used to sign in to Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-122">The primary account is defined as the account used to sign in to Windows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-123">This can be a Microsoft account, an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) account, an on-premises Active Directory account, or a local account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-123">This can be a Microsoft account, an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) account, an on-premises Active Directory account, or a local account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-124">In addition to the primary account, Windows 10 users can add one or more secondary cloud accounts to their device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-124">In addition to the primary account, Windows 10 users can add one or more secondary cloud accounts to their device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-125">A secondary account is generally a Microsoft account, an Azure AD account, or some other account such as Gmail or Facebook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-125">A secondary account is generally a Microsoft account, an Azure AD account, or some other account such as Gmail or Facebook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-126">These secondary accounts provide access to additional services such as single sign-on and the Windows Store, but they are not capable of powering settings sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-126">These secondary accounts provide access to additional services such as single sign-on and the Windows Store, but they are not capable of powering settings sync.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-127">In Windows 10, only the primary account for the device can be used for settings sync (see [How do I upgrade from Microsoft account settings sync in Windows 8 to Azure AD settings sync in Windows 10?](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-faqs.md#how-do-i-upgrade-from-microsoft-account-settings-sync-in-windows-8-to-azure-ad-settings-sync-in-windows-10)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-127">In Windows 10, only the primary account for the device can be used for settings sync (see [How do I upgrade from Microsoft account settings sync in Windows 8 to Azure AD settings sync in Windows 10?](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-faqs.md#how-do-i-upgrade-from-microsoft-account-settings-sync-in-windows-8-to-azure-ad-settings-sync-in-windows-10)).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-128">Data is never mixed between the different user accounts on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-128">Data is never mixed between the different user accounts on the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-129">There are two rules for settings sync:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-129">There are two rules for settings sync:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="78770-130">Windows settings will always roam with the primary account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-130">Windows settings will always roam with the primary account.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-131">App data will be tagged with the account used to acquire the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-131">App data will be tagged with the account used to acquire the app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-132">Only apps tagged with the primary account will sync. App ownership tagging is determined when an app is side-loaded through the Windows Store or mobile device management (MDM).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-132">Only apps tagged with the primary account will sync. App ownership tagging is determined when an app is side-loaded through the Windows Store or mobile device management (MDM).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-133">If an app’s owner cannot be identified, it will roam with the primary account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-133">If an app’s owner cannot be identified, it will roam with the primary account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-134">If a device is upgraded from Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 to Windows 10, all the apps will be tagged as acquired by the Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-134">If a device is upgraded from Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 to Windows 10, all the apps will be tagged as acquired by the Microsoft account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-135">This is because most users acquire apps through the Windows Store, and there was no Windows Store support for Azure AD accounts prior to Windows 10.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-135">This is because most users acquire apps through the Windows Store, and there was no Windows Store support for Azure AD accounts prior to Windows 10.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-136">If an app is installed via an offline license, the app will be tagged using the primary account on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-136">If an app is installed via an offline license, the app will be tagged using the primary account on the device.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="78770-137">Windows 10 devices that are enterprise-owned and are connected to Azure AD can no longer connect their Microsoft accounts to a domain account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-137">Windows 10 devices that are enterprise-owned and are connected to Azure AD can no longer connect their Microsoft accounts to a domain account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-138">The ability to connect a Microsoft account to a domain account and have all the user's data sync to the Microsoft account (that is, the Microsoft account roaming via the connected Microsoft account and Active Directory functionality) is removed from Windows 10 devices that are joined to a connected Active Directory or Azure AD environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-138">The ability to connect a Microsoft account to a domain account and have all the user's data sync to the Microsoft account (that is, the Microsoft account roaming via the connected Microsoft account and Active Directory functionality) is removed from Windows 10 devices that are joined to a connected Active Directory or Azure AD environment.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="how-do-i-upgrade-from-microsoft-account-settings-sync-in-windows-8-to-azure-ad-settings-sync-in-windows-10"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-139">How do I upgrade from Microsoft account settings sync in Windows 8 to Azure AD settings sync in Windows 10?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-139">How do I upgrade from Microsoft account settings sync in Windows 8 to Azure AD settings sync in Windows 10?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-140">If you are joined to the Active Directory domain running Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 with a connected Microsoft account, you will sync settings through your Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-140">If you are joined to the Active Directory domain running Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 with a connected Microsoft account, you will sync settings through your Microsoft account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-141">After upgrading to Windows 10, you will continue to sync user settings via Microsoft account as long as you are a domain-joined user and the Active Directory domain does not connect with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-141">After upgrading to Windows 10, you will continue to sync user settings via Microsoft account as long as you are a domain-joined user and the Active Directory domain does not connect with Azure AD.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-142">If the on-premises Active Directory domain does connect with Azure AD, your device will attempt to sync settings using the connected Azure AD account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-142">If the on-premises Active Directory domain does connect with Azure AD, your device will attempt to sync settings using the connected Azure AD account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-143">If the Azure AD administrator does not enable Enterprise State Roaming, your connected Azure AD account will stop syncing settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-143">If the Azure AD administrator does not enable Enterprise State Roaming, your connected Azure AD account will stop syncing settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-144">If you are a Windows 10 user and you sign in with an Azure AD identity, you will start syncing windows settings as soon as your administrator enables settings sync via Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-144">If you are a Windows 10 user and you sign in with an Azure AD identity, you will start syncing windows settings as soon as your administrator enables settings sync via Azure AD.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-145">If you stored any personal data on your corporate device, you should be aware that Windows OS and application data will begin syncing to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-145">If you stored any personal data on your corporate device, you should be aware that Windows OS and application data will begin syncing to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-146">This has the following implications:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-146">This has the following implications:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="78770-147">Your personal Microsoft account settings will drift apart from the settings on your work or school Azure AD accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-147">Your personal Microsoft account settings will drift apart from the settings on your work or school Azure AD accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-148">This is because the Microsoft account and Azure AD settings sync are now using separate accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-148">This is because the Microsoft account and Azure AD settings sync are now using separate accounts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-149">Personal data such as Wi-Fi passwords, web credentials, and Internet Explorer favorites that were previously synced via a connected Microsoft account will be synced via Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-149">Personal data such as Wi-Fi passwords, web credentials, and Internet Explorer favorites that were previously synced via a connected Microsoft account will be synced via Azure AD.</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-microsoft-account-and-azure-ad-enterprise-state-roaming-interoperability-work"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-150">How do Microsoft account and Azure AD Enterprise State Roaming interoperability work?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-150">How do Microsoft account and Azure AD Enterprise State Roaming interoperability work?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-151">In the November 2015 or later releases of Windows 10, Enterprise State Roaming is only supported for a single account at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-151">In the November 2015 or later releases of Windows 10, Enterprise State Roaming is only supported for a single account at a time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-152">If you sign in to Windows by using a work or school Azure AD account, all data will sync via Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-152">If you sign in to Windows by using a work or school Azure AD account, all data will sync via Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-153">If you sign in to Windows by using a personal Microsoft account, all data will sync via the Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-153">If you sign in to Windows by using a personal Microsoft account, all data will sync via the Microsoft account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-154">Universal appdata will roam using only the primary sign-in account on the device, and it will roam only if the app’s license is owned by the primary account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-154">Universal appdata will roam using only the primary sign-in account on the device, and it will roam only if the app’s license is owned by the primary account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-155">Universal appdata for the apps owned by any secondary accounts will not be synced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-155">Universal appdata for the apps owned by any secondary accounts will not be synced.</span></span>

## <a name="do-settings-sync-for-azure-ad-accounts-from-multiple-tenants"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-156">Do settings sync for Azure AD accounts from multiple tenants?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-156">Do settings sync for Azure AD accounts from multiple tenants?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-157">When multiple Azure AD accounts from different Azure AD tenants are on the same device, you must update the device's registry to communicate with Azure Rights Management (Azure RMS) for each Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-157">When multiple Azure AD accounts from different Azure AD tenants are on the same device, you must update the device's registry to communicate with Azure Rights Management (Azure RMS) for each Azure AD tenant.</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="78770-158">Find the GUID for each Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-158">Find the GUID for each Azure AD tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-159">Open the Azure classic portal and select an Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-159">Open the Azure classic portal and select an Azure AD tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-160">The GUID for the tenant is in the URL in the address bar of your browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-160">The GUID for the tenant is in the URL in the address bar of your browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-161">For example: `https://manage.windowsazure.com/YourAccount.onmicrosoft.com#Workspaces/ActiveDirectoryExtension/Directory/Tenant GUID/directoryQuickStart`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-161">For example: `https://manage.windowsazure.com/YourAccount.onmicrosoft.com#Workspaces/ActiveDirectoryExtension/Directory/Tenant GUID/directoryQuickStart`</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="78770-162">After you have the GUID, you will need to add the registry key **HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\SettingSync\WinMSIPC\<tenant ID GUID>**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-162">After you have the GUID, you will need to add the registry key **HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\SettingSync\WinMSIPC\<tenant ID GUID>**.</span></span>
   <span data-ttu-id="78770-163">From the **tenant ID GUID** key, create a new Multi-String value (REG-MULTI-SZ) named **AllowedRMSServerUrls**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-163">From the **tenant ID GUID** key, create a new Multi-String value (REG-MULTI-SZ) named **AllowedRMSServerUrls**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-164">For its data, specify the licensing distribution point URLs of the other Azure tenants that the device accesses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-164">For its data, specify the licensing distribution point URLs of the other Azure tenants that the device accesses.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="78770-165">You can find the licensing distribution point URLs by running the **Get-AadrmConfiguration** cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-165">You can find the licensing distribution point URLs by running the **Get-AadrmConfiguration** cmdlet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-166">If the values for the **LicensingIntranetDistributionPointUrl** and **LicensingExtranetDistributionPointUrl** are different, specify both values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-166">If the values for the **LicensingIntranetDistributionPointUrl** and **LicensingExtranetDistributionPointUrl** are different, specify both values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-167">If the values are the same, specify the value just once.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-167">If the values are the same, specify the value just once.</span></span>

## <a name="what-are-the-roaming-settings-options-for-existing-windows-desktop-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-168">What are the roaming settings options for existing Windows desktop applications?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-168">What are the roaming settings options for existing Windows desktop applications?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-169">Roaming only works for Universal Windows apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-169">Roaming only works for Universal Windows apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-170">There are two options available for enabling roaming on an existing Windows desktop application:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-170">There are two options available for enabling roaming on an existing Windows desktop application:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="78770-171">The [Desktop Bridge](http://aka.ms/desktopbridge) helps you bring your existing Windows desktop apps to the Universal Windows Platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-171">The [Desktop Bridge](http://aka.ms/desktopbridge) helps you bring your existing Windows desktop apps to the Universal Windows Platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-172">From here, minimal code changes will be required to take advantage of Azure AD app data roaming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-172">From here, minimal code changes will be required to take advantage of Azure AD app data roaming.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-173">The Desktop Bridge provides your apps with an app identity, which is needed to enable app data roaming for existing desktop apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-173">The Desktop Bridge provides your apps with an app identity, which is needed to enable app data roaming for existing desktop apps.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-174">[User Experience Virtualization (UE-V)](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn458947.aspx) helps you create a custom settings template for existing Windows desktop apps and enable roaming for Win32 apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-174">[User Experience Virtualization (UE-V)](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn458947.aspx) helps you create a custom settings template for existing Windows desktop apps and enable roaming for Win32 apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-175">This option does not require the app developer to change code of the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-175">This option does not require the app developer to change code of the app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-176">UE-V is limited to on-premises Active Directory roaming for customers who have purchased the Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-176">UE-V is limited to on-premises Active Directory roaming for customers who have purchased the Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-177">Administrators can configure UE-V to roam Windows desktop app data by changing roaming of Windows OS settings and Universal app data through [UE-V group policies](https://technet.microsoft.com/itpro/mdop/uev-v2/configuring-ue-v-2x-with-group-policy-objects-both-uevv2), including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-177">Administrators can configure UE-V to roam Windows desktop app data by changing roaming of Windows OS settings and Universal app data through [UE-V group policies](https://technet.microsoft.com/itpro/mdop/uev-v2/configuring-ue-v-2x-with-group-policy-objects-both-uevv2), including:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="78770-178">Roam Windows settings group policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-178">Roam Windows settings group policy</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-179">Do not synchronize Windows Apps group policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-179">Do not synchronize Windows Apps group policy</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-180">Internet Explorer roaming in the applications section</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-180">Internet Explorer roaming in the applications section</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-181">In the future, Microsoft may investigate ways to make UE-V deeply integrated into Windows and extend UE-V to roam settings through the Azure AD cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-181">In the future, Microsoft may investigate ways to make UE-V deeply integrated into Windows and extend UE-V to roam settings through the Azure AD cloud.</span></span>

## <a name="can-i-store-synced-settings-and-data-on-premises"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-182">Can I store synced settings and data on premises?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-182">Can I store synced settings and data on premises?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-183">Enterprise State Roaming stores all synced data in the Azure cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-183">Enterprise State Roaming stores all synced data in the Azure cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-184">UE-V offers an on-premises roaming solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-184">UE-V offers an on-premises roaming solution.</span></span>

## <a name="who-owns-the-data-thats-being-roamed"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-185">Who owns the data that’s being roamed?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-185">Who owns the data that’s being roamed?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-186">The enterprises own the data roamed via Enterprise State Roaming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-186">The enterprises own the data roamed via Enterprise State Roaming.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-187">Data is stored in an Azure datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-187">Data is stored in an Azure datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-188">All user data is encrypted both in transit and at rest in the cloud using Azure RMS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-188">All user data is encrypted both in transit and at rest in the cloud using Azure RMS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-189">This is an improvement compared to Microsoft account-based settings sync, which encrypts only certain sensitive data such as user credentials before it leaves the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-189">This is an improvement compared to Microsoft account-based settings sync, which encrypts only certain sensitive data such as user credentials before it leaves the device.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78770-190">Microsoft is committed to safeguarding customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-190">Microsoft is committed to safeguarding customer data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-191">An enterprise user’s settings data is automatically encrypted by Azure RMS before it leaves a Windows 10 device, so no other user can read this data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-191">An enterprise user’s settings data is automatically encrypted by Azure RMS before it leaves a Windows 10 device, so no other user can read this data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-192">If your organization has a paid subscription for Azure RMS, you can use other Azure RMS features, such as track and revoke documents, automatically protect emails that contain sensitive information, and manage your own keys (the "bring your own key" solution, also known as BYOK).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-192">If your organization has a paid subscription for Azure RMS, you can use other Azure RMS features, such as track and revoke documents, automatically protect emails that contain sensitive information, and manage your own keys (the "bring your own key" solution, also known as BYOK).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-193">For more information about these features and how Azure RMS works, see [What is Azure Rights Management](https://technet.microsoft.com/jj585026.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-193">For more information about these features and how Azure RMS works, see [What is Azure Rights Management](https://technet.microsoft.com/jj585026.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="can-i-manage-sync-for-a-specific-app-or-setting"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-194">Can I manage sync for a specific app or setting?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-194">Can I manage sync for a specific app or setting?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-195">In Windows 10, there is no MDM or Group Policy setting to disable roaming for an individual application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-195">In Windows 10, there is no MDM or Group Policy setting to disable roaming for an individual application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-196">Tenant administrators can disable appdata sync for all apps on a managed device, but there is no finer control at a per-app or within-app level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-196">Tenant administrators can disable appdata sync for all apps on a managed device, but there is no finer control at a per-app or within-app level.</span></span>

## <a name="how-can-i-enable-or-disable-roaming"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-197">How can I enable or disable roaming?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-197">How can I enable or disable roaming?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-198">In the **Settings** app, go to **Accounts** > **Sync your settings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-198">In the **Settings** app, go to **Accounts** > **Sync your settings**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-199">From this page, you can see which account is being used to roam settings, and you can enable or disable individual groups of settings to be roamed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-199">From this page, you can see which account is being used to roam settings, and you can enable or disable individual groups of settings to be roamed.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-microsofts-recommendation-for-enabling-roaming-in-windows-10"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-200">What is Microsoft’s recommendation for enabling roaming in Windows 10?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-200">What is Microsoft’s recommendation for enabling roaming in Windows 10?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-201">Microsoft has a few different settings roaming solutions available, including Roaming User Profiles, UE-V, and Enterprise State Roaming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-201">Microsoft has a few different settings roaming solutions available, including Roaming User Profiles, UE-V, and Enterprise State Roaming.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="78770-202">Microsoft is committed to making an investment in Enterprise State Roaming in future versions of Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-202">Microsoft is committed to making an investment in Enterprise State Roaming in future versions of Windows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-203">If your organization is not ready or comfortable with moving data to the cloud, then we recommend that you use UE-V as your primary roaming technology.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-203">If your organization is not ready or comfortable with moving data to the cloud, then we recommend that you use UE-V as your primary roaming technology.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-204">If your organization requires roaming support for existing Windows desktop applications but is eager to move to the cloud, we recommend that you use both Enterprise State Roaming and UE-V.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-204">If your organization requires roaming support for existing Windows desktop applications but is eager to move to the cloud, we recommend that you use both Enterprise State Roaming and UE-V.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-205">Although UE-V and Enterprise State Roaming are very similar technologies, they are not mutually exclusive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-205">Although UE-V and Enterprise State Roaming are very similar technologies, they are not mutually exclusive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-206">They complement each other to help ensure that your organization provides the roaming services that your users need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-206">They complement each other to help ensure that your organization provides the roaming services that your users need.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="78770-207">When using both Enterprise State Roaming and UE-V, the following rules apply:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-207">When using both Enterprise State Roaming and UE-V, the following rules apply:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="78770-208">Enterprise State Roaming is the primary roaming agent on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-208">Enterprise State Roaming is the primary roaming agent on the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-209">UE-V is being used to supplement the “Win32 gap.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-209">UE-V is being used to supplement the “Win32 gap.”</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78770-210">UE-V roaming for Windows settings and modern UWP app data should be disabled when using the UE-V group polices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-210">UE-V roaming for Windows settings and modern UWP app data should be disabled when using the UE-V group polices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-211">These are already covered by Enterprise State Roaming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-211">These are already covered by Enterprise State Roaming.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-enterprise-state-roaming-support-virtual-desktop-infrastructure-vdi"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-212">How does Enterprise State Roaming support virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-212">How does Enterprise State Roaming support virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI)?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-213">Enterprise State Roaming is supported on Windows 10 client SKUs, but not on server SKUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-213">Enterprise State Roaming is supported on Windows 10 client SKUs, but not on server SKUs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-214">If a client VM is hosted on a hypervisor machine and you remotely sign in to the virtual machine, your data will roam.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-214">If a client VM is hosted on a hypervisor machine and you remotely sign in to the virtual machine, your data will roam.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-215">If multiple users share the same OS and users remotely sign in to a server for a full desktop experience, roaming might not work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-215">If multiple users share the same OS and users remotely sign in to a server for a full desktop experience, roaming might not work.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78770-216">The latter session-based scenario is not officially supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-216">The latter session-based scenario is not officially supported.</span></span>

## <a name="what-happens-when-my-organization-purchases-azure-rms-after-using-roaming"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-217">What happens when my organization purchases Azure RMS after using roaming?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-217">What happens when my organization purchases Azure RMS after using roaming?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-218">If your organization is already using roaming in Windows 10 with the Azure RMS limited-use free subscription, purchasing a paid Azure RMS subscription will not have any impact on the functionality of the roaming feature, and no configuration changes will be required by your IT administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-218">If your organization is already using roaming in Windows 10 with the Azure RMS limited-use free subscription, purchasing a paid Azure RMS subscription will not have any impact on the functionality of the roaming feature, and no configuration changes will be required by your IT administrator.</span></span>

## <a name="known-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-219">Known issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-219">Known issues</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78770-220">Please see the documentation in the [troubleshooting](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-troubleshooting.md) section for a list of known issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-220">Please see the documentation in the [troubleshooting](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-troubleshooting.md) section for a list of known issues.</span></span> 

## <a name="related-topics"></a><span data-ttu-id="78770-221">Related topics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-221">Related topics</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="78770-222">Enterprise state roaming overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-222">Enterprise state roaming overview</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="78770-223">Enable enterprise state roaming in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-223">Enable enterprise state roaming in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-enable.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="78770-224">Group policy and MDM settings for settings sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-224">Group policy and MDM settings for settings sync</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-group-policy-settings.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="78770-225">Windows 10 roaming settings reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-225">Windows 10 roaming settings reference</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-windows-settings-reference.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="78770-226">Troubleshooting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78770-226">Troubleshooting</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-troubleshooting.md)
