---
title: Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration licensing guidance | Microsoft Docs
description: Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration requires paid Azure AD licenses depending on the features you want for your B2B collaboration users
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: sasubram
manager: femila
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 04/12/2017
ms.author: sasubram
ms.openlocfilehash: 4e620f3d76caa25ac0e5afb134f37ffe263935f0
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554251"
---
# <a name="azure-active-directory-b2b-collaboration-licensing-guidance"></a><span data-ttu-id="505ef-103">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration licensing guidance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-103">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration licensing guidance</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="505ef-104">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) B2B collaboration extends a select set of existing Azure AD features to guest users invited into the Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-104">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) B2B collaboration extends a select set of existing Azure AD features to guest users invited into the Azure AD tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-105">Hence, Azure AD B2B collaboration guest users will be licensed through Azure AD licenses, and align with the existing Free, Basic, and Premium P1/P2 license tiers as seen here: https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/active-directory/.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-105">Hence, Azure AD B2B collaboration guest users will be licensed through Azure AD licenses, and align with the existing Free, Basic, and Premium P1/P2 license tiers as seen here: https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/active-directory/.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="505ef-106">There is no charge for inviting B2B users and assigning them to an application in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-106">There is no charge for inviting B2B users and assigning them to an application in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-107">Also, up to 10 apps per guest user and 3 basic reports are also free for B2B users, since they are part of Azure AD 'Free' tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-107">Also, up to 10 apps per guest user and 3 basic reports are also free for B2B users, since they are part of Azure AD 'Free' tier.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="505ef-108">Any paid Azure AD features, extended to B2B users via B2B collaboration functionality, will need to be licensed with Azure AD paid licenses (Basic, Premium P1, or Premium P2, depending on the features that will be used).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-108">Any paid Azure AD features, extended to B2B users via B2B collaboration functionality, will need to be licensed with Azure AD paid licenses (Basic, Premium P1, or Premium P2, depending on the features that will be used).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-109">The inviting tenant will get 5 B2B user rights with each Azure AD paid license.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-109">The inviting tenant will get 5 B2B user rights with each Azure AD paid license.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-110">That is, each Azure AD paid license providing the rights to Azure AD paid features to one employee user in a tenant, will now also provide the rights to those same Azure AD paid features to an additional 5 B2B users invited to the tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-110">That is, each Azure AD paid license providing the rights to Azure AD paid features to one employee user in a tenant, will now also provide the rights to those same Azure AD paid features to an additional 5 B2B users invited to the tenant.</span></span>

## <a name="licensing-examples"></a><span data-ttu-id="505ef-111">Licensing examples</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-111">Licensing examples</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="505ef-112">A customer wants to invite 100 B2B users to its Azure AD tenant, and will use Group based access management and provisioning for all users, but 50 of those users will also be requiring MFA and conditional access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-112">A customer wants to invite 100 B2B users to its Azure AD tenant, and will use Group based access management and provisioning for all users, but 50 of those users will also be requiring MFA and conditional access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-113">The customer here must purchase 10 Azure AD Basic licenses, and 10 Azure AD Premium P1 licenses to cover all of their B2B users correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-113">The customer here must purchase 10 Azure AD Basic licenses, and 10 Azure AD Premium P1 licenses to cover all of their B2B users correctly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-114">Similarly, if an inviting tenant plans to use Identity Protection features with B2B users, then it must have enough Azure AD Premium P2 licenses to cover all these B2B users in the 5:1 ratio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-114">Similarly, if an inviting tenant plans to use Identity Protection features with B2B users, then it must have enough Azure AD Premium P2 licenses to cover all these B2B users in the 5:1 ratio.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="505ef-115">A customer has 10 employees who are all currently licensed with Azure AD Premium P1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-115">A customer has 10 employees who are all currently licensed with Azure AD Premium P1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-116">They now want to invite 60 B2B users, who will all require multi-factor authentication (MFA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-116">They now want to invite 60 B2B users, who will all require multi-factor authentication (MFA).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-117">Per the 5:1 licensing rule, the customer must have at least 12 Azure AD Premium P1 licenses to cover all 60 B2B collaboration users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-117">Per the 5:1 licensing rule, the customer must have at least 12 Azure AD Premium P1 licenses to cover all 60 B2B collaboration users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-118">Since they already have 10 Premium P1 licenses for their 10 employees, they already have rights to invite 50 B2B users with Premium P1 features like MFA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-118">Since they already have 10 Premium P1 licenses for their 10 employees, they already have rights to invite 50 B2B users with Premium P1 features like MFA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-119">So in this example, they need to purchase 2 additional Premium P1 licenses to cover the remaining 10 B2B collaboration users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-119">So in this example, they need to purchase 2 additional Premium P1 licenses to cover the remaining 10 B2B collaboration users.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-120">There is no facility or need to assign licenses to the B2B users to enable these B2B collaboration user rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-120">There is no facility or need to assign licenses to the B2B users to enable these B2B collaboration user rights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="505ef-121">The customer who owns the inviting tenant must be the one to determine how many B2B collaboration users need paid Azure AD capabilities and depending on whether they are Basic, Premium P1, or Premium P2 level features, customers must have the sufficient number of the appropriate Azure AD paid licenses to cover their B2B collaboration users in the 5:1 ratio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-121">The customer who owns the inviting tenant must be the one to determine how many B2B collaboration users need paid Azure AD capabilities and depending on whether they are Basic, Premium P1, or Premium P2 level features, customers must have the sufficient number of the appropriate Azure AD paid licenses to cover their B2B collaboration users in the 5:1 ratio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-122">If a company needs additional B2B collaboration user rights, they must purchase the required Azure AD paid licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-122">If a company needs additional B2B collaboration user rights, they must purchase the required Azure AD paid licenses.</span></span>

## <a name="additional-licensing-details"></a><span data-ttu-id="505ef-123">Additional licensing details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-123">Additional licensing details</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="505ef-124">B2B collaboration can provide different capabilities to different B2B collaboration users based on the existing model of Azure AD editions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-124">B2B collaboration can provide different capabilities to different B2B collaboration users based on the existing model of Azure AD editions.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="505ef-125">Every Azure AD paid license will include rights to 5 B2B collaboration users (5:1 model).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-125">Every Azure AD paid license will include rights to 5 B2B collaboration users (5:1 model).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="505ef-126">There is no need to actually assign licenses to B2B user accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-126">There is no need to actually assign licenses to B2B user accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-127">There will be automatic calculation and reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-127">There will be automatic calculation and reporting.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="505ef-128">Every invited user gets the rights that the Azure AD Free edition offers if no paid Azure AD license exists in the tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-128">Every invited user gets the rights that the Azure AD Free edition offers if no paid Azure AD license exists in the tenant.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="505ef-129">If a B2B collaboration user has a paid Azure AD license as an employee from his organization, he will not consume one of the B2B collaboration licenses of the inviting tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-129">If a B2B collaboration user has a paid Azure AD license as an employee from his organization, he will not consume one of the B2B collaboration licenses of the inviting tenant.</span></span>

## <a name="advanced-discussion-what-are-the-licensing-considerations-when-we-add-users-from-a-conglomerate-organization-as-members-using-your-apis"></a><span data-ttu-id="505ef-130">Advanced discussion: What are the licensing considerations when we add users from a conglomerate organization as “members” using your APIs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-130">Advanced discussion: What are the licensing considerations when we add users from a conglomerate organization as “members” using your APIs?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="505ef-131">A B2B guest user is one that is invited from a partner organization to work with the host organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-131">A B2B guest user is one that is invited from a partner organization to work with the host organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-132">Typically, any other case other than this does not qualify as B2B even it uses B2B features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-132">Typically, any other case other than this does not qualify as B2B even it uses B2B features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-133">Let’s look at two cases in particular:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-133">Let’s look at two cases in particular:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="505ef-134">If a host invites an employee using a consumer address</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-134">If a host invites an employee using a consumer address</span></span>
  1. <span data-ttu-id="505ef-135">This is not compliant with our licensing policies and currently not recommended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-135">This is not compliant with our licensing policies and currently not recommended.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="505ef-136">If a host organization adds a user from another conglomerate organization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-136">If a host organization adds a user from another conglomerate organization</span></span>
  1. <span data-ttu-id="505ef-137">This is the case where the user is invited using B2B APIs, but this is not traditionally B2B.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-137">This is the case where the user is invited using B2B APIs, but this is not traditionally B2B.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-138">Ideally, we should have these organizations invite the other orgs users as members (our API allows that).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-138">Ideally, we should have these organizations invite the other orgs users as members (our API allows that).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-139">In this case, licenses have to be assigned to these members for them to access resources in the inviting organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-139">In this case, licenses have to be assigned to these members for them to access resources in the inviting organization.</span></span>

  2. <span data-ttu-id="505ef-140">Some organizations may want to add the other org’s users to be added as “Guest” as a policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-140">Some organizations may want to add the other org’s users to be added as “Guest” as a policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="505ef-141">There are two cases here:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-141">There are two cases here:</span></span>
      * <span data-ttu-id="505ef-142">The conglomerate organization is already using Azure AD and the invited users are licensed in the other organization: in this case, we don’t expect the invited users to need to follow the 1:5 formula laid out earlier in this document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-142">The conglomerate organization is already using Azure AD and the invited users are licensed in the other organization: in this case, we don’t expect the invited users to need to follow the 1:5 formula laid out earlier in this document.</span></span> 

      * <span data-ttu-id="505ef-143">The conglomerate organization is not using Azure AD or doesn’t have adequate licenses: In this case, follow the 1:5 formula laid out earlier in this document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-143">The conglomerate organization is not using Azure AD or doesn’t have adequate licenses: In this case, follow the 1:5 formula laid out earlier in this document.</span></span>


## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="505ef-144">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-144">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="505ef-145">Browse our other articles on Azure AD B2B collaboration:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-145">Browse our other articles on Azure AD B2B collaboration:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-146">What is Azure AD B2B collaboration?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-146">What is Azure AD B2B collaboration?</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-what-is-azure-ad-b2b.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-147">How do Azure Active Directory admins add B2B collaboration users?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-147">How do Azure Active Directory admins add B2B collaboration users?</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-admin-add-users.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-148">How do information workers add B2B collaboration users?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-148">How do information workers add B2B collaboration users?</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-iw-add-users.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-149">The elements of the B2B collaboration invitation email</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-149">The elements of the B2B collaboration invitation email</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-invitation-email.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-150">B2B collaboration invitation redemption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-150">B2B collaboration invitation redemption</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-redemption-experience.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-151">Troubleshooting Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-151">Troubleshooting Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-troubleshooting.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-152">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration frequently-asked questions (FAQ)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-152">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration frequently-asked questions (FAQ)</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-faq.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-153">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration API and customization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-153">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration API and customization</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-api.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-154">Multi-factor authentication for B2B collaboration users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-154">Multi-factor authentication for B2B collaboration users</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-mfa-instructions.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-155">Add B2B collaboration users without an invitation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-155">Add B2B collaboration users without an invitation</span></span>](active-directory-b2b-add-user-without-invite.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="505ef-156">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="505ef-156">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-apps-index.md)
