---
title: Troubleshooting Enterprise State Roaming settings in Azure Active Directory| Microsoft Docs
description: Provides answers to some questions IT administrators might have about settings and app data sync.
services: active-directory
keywords: enterprise state roaming settings, windows cloud, frequently asked questions on enterprise state roaming
documentationcenter: ''
author: tanning
manager: swadhwa
editor: ''
ms.assetid: f45d0515-99f7-42ad-94d8-307bc0d07be5
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/08/2017
ms.author: markvi
ms.openlocfilehash: 5d6b0869d2cf0e90b7b81b2304d95e01d1937925
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554728"
---
#<a name="troubleshooting-enterprise-state-roaming-settings-in-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-104">Troubleshooting Enterprise State Roaming settings in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-104">Troubleshooting Enterprise State Roaming settings in Azure Active Directory</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-105">This topic provides information on how to troubleshoot and diagnose issues with Enterprise State Roaming, and provides a list of known issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-105">This topic provides information on how to troubleshoot and diagnose issues with Enterprise State Roaming, and provides a list of known issues.</span></span>

## <a name="preliminary-steps-for-troubleshooting"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-106">Preliminary steps for troubleshooting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-106">Preliminary steps for troubleshooting</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-107">Before beginning troubleshooting verify that the user and device have been configured properly, and that all the requirements of Enterprise State Roaming are met by the device and the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-107">Before beginning troubleshooting verify that the user and device have been configured properly, and that all the requirements of Enterprise State Roaming are met by the device and the user.</span></span> 

1. <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-108">Windows 10, with the latest updates, and a minimum Version 1511 (OS Build 10586 or later) is installed on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-108">Windows 10, with the latest updates, and a minimum Version 1511 (OS Build 10586 or later) is installed on the device.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-109">The device is Azure AD joined, or domain-joined and registered with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-109">The device is Azure AD joined, or domain-joined and registered with Azure AD.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-110">In the Azure Active Directory portal, **Enterprise State Roaming** is enabled for the directory under **Configure** > **Devices** > **Users May Sync Settings and Enterprise App Data**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-110">In the Azure Active Directory portal, **Enterprise State Roaming** is enabled for the directory under **Configure** > **Devices** > **Users May Sync Settings and Enterprise App Data**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-111">Either all users are selected, or the user is enabled for syncing through the selected option, and included in the security group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-111">Either all users are selected, or the user is enabled for syncing through the selected option, and included in the security group.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-112">The user has an Azure Active Directory Premium subscription assigned to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-112">The user has an Azure Active Directory Premium subscription assigned to them.</span></span>  
5. <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-113">The device has been restarted, and the user has logged in after Enterprise State Roaming has been enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-113">The device has been restarted, and the user has logged in after Enterprise State Roaming has been enabled.</span></span>

## <a name="information-to-include-when-you-need-help"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-114">Information to include when you need help</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-114">Information to include when you need help</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-115">If you cannot solve your issue with the guidance below, you can contact our support engineers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-115">If you cannot solve your issue with the guidance below, you can contact our support engineers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-116">When you contact them, it is recommended to include the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-116">When you contact them, it is recommended to include the following information:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-117">**General description of the error** – Are there error messages seen by the user?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-117">**General description of the error** – Are there error messages seen by the user?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-118">If there was no error message, describe the unexpected behavior you noticed, in detail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-118">If there was no error message, describe the unexpected behavior you noticed, in detail.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-119">What features are enabled for sync and what is the user expecting to sync?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-119">What features are enabled for sync and what is the user expecting to sync?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-120">Are multiple features not syncing or is it isolated to one?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-120">Are multiple features not syncing or is it isolated to one?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-121">**Users affected** – Is sync working/failing for one user or multiple users?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-121">**Users affected** – Is sync working/failing for one user or multiple users?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-122">How many devices are involved per user?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-122">How many devices are involved per user?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-123">Are all of them not syncing or are some of them syncing and some not syncing?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-123">Are all of them not syncing or are some of them syncing and some not syncing?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-124">**Information about the user** – What identity is the user using to log in to the device?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-124">**Information about the user** – What identity is the user using to log in to the device?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-125">How is the user logging in to the device?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-125">How is the user logging in to the device?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-126">Are they part of a selected security group allowed to sync?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-126">Are they part of a selected security group allowed to sync?</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-127">**Information about the device** – Is this device Azure AD Joined or domain-joined?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-127">**Information about the device** – Is this device Azure AD Joined or domain-joined?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-128">What build is the device on?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-128">What build is the device on?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-129">What are the most recent updates?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-129">What are the most recent updates?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-130">**Date / Time / Timezone** – What was the precise date and time you saw the error (include the timezone)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-130">**Date / Time / Timezone** – What was the precise date and time you saw the error (include the timezone)?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-131">Including this information helps us solve your problem as quickly as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-131">Including this information helps us solve your problem as quickly as possible.</span></span>

## <a name="troubleshooting-and-diagnosing-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-132">Troubleshooting and diagnosing issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-132">Troubleshooting and diagnosing issues</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-133">This section gives suggestions on how to troubleshoot and diagnose problems related to Enterprise State Roaming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-133">This section gives suggestions on how to troubleshoot and diagnose problems related to Enterprise State Roaming.</span></span>

## <a name="verify-sync-and-the-sync-your-settings-settings-page"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-134">Verify sync, and the “Sync your settings” settings page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-134">Verify sync, and the “Sync your settings” settings page</span></span> 

1. <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-135">After joining your Windows 10 PC to a domain that is configured to allow Enterprise State Roaming, logon with your work account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-135">After joining your Windows 10 PC to a domain that is configured to allow Enterprise State Roaming, logon with your work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-136">Go to **Settings** > **Accounts** > **Sync Your Settings** and confirm that sync and the individual settings are on, and that the top of the settings page indicates that you are syncing with your work account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-136">Go to **Settings** > **Accounts** > **Sync Your Settings** and confirm that sync and the individual settings are on, and that the top of the settings page indicates that you are syncing with your work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-137">Confirm the same account is also used as your login account in **Settings** > **Accounts** > **Your Info**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-137">Confirm the same account is also used as your login account in **Settings** > **Accounts** > **Your Info**.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-138">Verify that sync works across multiple machines by making some changes on the original machine, such as moving the taskbar to the right or top side of the screen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-138">Verify that sync works across multiple machines by making some changes on the original machine, such as moving the taskbar to the right or top side of the screen.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-139">Watch the change propagate to the second machine within five minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-139">Watch the change propagate to the second machine within five minutes.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-140">Locking and unlocking the screen (Win + L) can help trigger a sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-140">Locking and unlocking the screen (Win + L) can help trigger a sync.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-141">You must be using the same logon account on both PCs for sync to work – as Enterprise State Roaming is tied to the user account and not the machine account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-141">You must be using the same logon account on both PCs for sync to work – as Enterprise State Roaming is tied to the user account and not the machine account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-142">**Potential Issue**: The settings page has the toggles grayed out, and instead of seeing an account, you see the text “Some Windows features are only available if you are using a Microsoft account or work account”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-142">**Potential Issue**: The settings page has the toggles grayed out, and instead of seeing an account, you see the text “Some Windows features are only available if you are using a Microsoft account or work account”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-143">This issue may arise for devices that have been set up to be domain-joined and registered to Azure AD, but the device has not successfully authenticated to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-143">This issue may arise for devices that have been set up to be domain-joined and registered to Azure AD, but the device has not successfully authenticated to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-144">A possible cause is that the device policy must be applied, but this application happens asynchronously, and could be delayed by a few hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-144">A possible cause is that the device policy must be applied, but this application happens asynchronously, and could be delayed by a few hours.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-145">To verify this issue, follow the steps in verify the device registration status to check if this is the case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-145">To verify this issue, follow the steps in verify the device registration status to check if this is the case.</span></span>

### <a name="verify-the-device-registration-status"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-146">Verify the device registration status</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-146">Verify the device registration status</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-147">Enterprise State Roaming requires the device to be registered with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-147">Enterprise State Roaming requires the device to be registered with Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-148">Although not specific to Enterprise State Roaming, following the instructions below can help confirm that the Windows 10 Client is registered, and confirm thumbprint, Azure AD settings URL, NGC status, and other information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-148">Although not specific to Enterprise State Roaming, following the instructions below can help confirm that the Windows 10 Client is registered, and confirm thumbprint, Azure AD settings URL, NGC status, and other information.</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-149">Open the command prompt unelevated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-149">Open the command prompt unelevated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-150">To do this in Windows, open the Run launcher (Win + R) and type “cmd” to open.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-150">To do this in Windows, open the Run launcher (Win + R) and type “cmd” to open.</span></span>
2.  <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-151">Once the command prompt is open, type “*dsregcmd.exe /status*”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-151">Once the command prompt is open, type “*dsregcmd.exe /status*”.</span></span>
3.  <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-152">For expected output, the **AzureAdJoined** field value should be “YES”, **WamDefaultSet** field value should be “YES”, and the **WamDefaultGUID** field value should be a GUID with “(AzureAd)” at the end.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-152">For expected output, the **AzureAdJoined** field value should be “YES”, **WamDefaultSet** field value should be “YES”, and the **WamDefaultGUID** field value should be a GUID with “(AzureAd)” at the end.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-153">**Potential issue**: **WamDefaultSet** and **AzureAdJoined** both have “NO” in the field value, the device was domain-joined and registered with Azure AD, and the device does not sync. If it is showing this, the device may need to wait for policy to be applied or the authentication for the device failed when connecting to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-153">**Potential issue**: **WamDefaultSet** and **AzureAdJoined** both have “NO” in the field value, the device was domain-joined and registered with Azure AD, and the device does not sync. If it is showing this, the device may need to wait for policy to be applied or the authentication for the device failed when connecting to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-154">The user may have to wait a few hours for the policy to be applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-154">The user may have to wait a few hours for the policy to be applied.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-155">Other troubleshooting steps may include retrying auto-registration by signing out and back in, or launching the task in Task Scheduler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-155">Other troubleshooting steps may include retrying auto-registration by signing out and back in, or launching the task in Task Scheduler.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-156">In some cases, running “*dsregcmd.exe /leave*” in an elevated command prompt window, rebooting, and trying registration again may help with this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-156">In some cases, running “*dsregcmd.exe /leave*” in an elevated command prompt window, rebooting, and trying registration again may help with this issue.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-157">**Potential issue**: The field for **AzureAdSettingsUrl** is empty and the device does not sync. The user may have last logged in to the device before Enterprise State Roaming was enabled in the Azure Active Directory Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-157">**Potential issue**: The field for **AzureAdSettingsUrl** is empty and the device does not sync. The user may have last logged in to the device before Enterprise State Roaming was enabled in the Azure Active Directory Portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-158">Restart the device and have the user login.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-158">Restart the device and have the user login.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-159">Optionally, in the portal, try having the IT Admin disable and re-enable Users May Sync Settings and Enterprise App Data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-159">Optionally, in the portal, try having the IT Admin disable and re-enable Users May Sync Settings and Enterprise App Data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-160">Once re-enabled, restart the device and have the user login.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-160">Once re-enabled, restart the device and have the user login.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-161">If this does not resolve the issue, **AzureAdSettingsUrl** may be empty in the case of a bad device certificate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-161">If this does not resolve the issue, **AzureAdSettingsUrl** may be empty in the case of a bad device certificate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-162">In this case, running “*dsregcmd.exe /leave*” in an elevated command prompt window, rebooting, and trying registration again may help with this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-162">In this case, running “*dsregcmd.exe /leave*” in an elevated command prompt window, rebooting, and trying registration again may help with this issue.</span></span>

## <a name="enterprise-state-roaming-and-multi-factor-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-163">Enterprise State Roaming and Multi-Factor Authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-163">Enterprise State Roaming and Multi-Factor Authentication</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-164">Under certain conditions, Enterprise State Roaming can fail to sync data if Azure Multi-Factor Authentication is configured.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-164">Under certain conditions, Enterprise State Roaming can fail to sync data if Azure Multi-Factor Authentication is configured.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-165">For additional details on these symptoms, see the support document [KB3193683](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3193683).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-165">For additional details on these symptoms, see the support document [KB3193683](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3193683).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-166">**Potential issue**: If your device is configured to require Multi-Factor Authentication on the Azure Active Directory portal, you may fail to sync settings while signing in to a Windows 10 device using a password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-166">**Potential issue**: If your device is configured to require Multi-Factor Authentication on the Azure Active Directory portal, you may fail to sync settings while signing in to a Windows 10 device using a password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-167">This type of Multi-Factor Authentication configuration is intended to protect an Azure administrator account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-167">This type of Multi-Factor Authentication configuration is intended to protect an Azure administrator account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-168">Admin users may still be able to sync by signing in to their Windows 10 devices with their Microsoft Passport for Work PIN or by completing Multi-Factor Authentication while accessing other Azure services like Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-168">Admin users may still be able to sync by signing in to their Windows 10 devices with their Microsoft Passport for Work PIN or by completing Multi-Factor Authentication while accessing other Azure services like Office 365.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-169">**Potential issue**: Sync can fail if the admin configures the Active Directory Federation Services Multi-Factor Authentication conditional access policy and the access token on the device expires.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-169">**Potential issue**: Sync can fail if the admin configures the Active Directory Federation Services Multi-Factor Authentication conditional access policy and the access token on the device expires.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-170">Ensure that you sign in and sign out using the Microsoft Passport for Work PIN or complete Multi-Factor Authentication while accessing other Azure services like Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-170">Ensure that you sign in and sign out using the Microsoft Passport for Work PIN or complete Multi-Factor Authentication while accessing other Azure services like Office 365.</span></span>

###<a name="event-viewer"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-171">Event Viewer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-171">Event Viewer</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-172">For advanced troubleshooting, Event Viewer can be used to find specific errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-172">For advanced troubleshooting, Event Viewer can be used to find specific errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-173">These are documented in the table below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-173">These are documented in the table below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-174">The events can be found under Event Viewer > Applications and Services Logs > **Microsoft** > **Windows** > **SettingSync** and for identity-related issues with sync **Microsoft** > **Windows** > **Azure AD**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-174">The events can be found under Event Viewer > Applications and Services Logs > **Microsoft** > **Windows** > **SettingSync** and for identity-related issues with sync **Microsoft** > **Windows** > **Azure AD**.</span></span>


## <a name="known-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-175">Known issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-175">Known issues</span></span>

### <a name="sync-does-not-work-on-devices-that-have-apps-side-loaded-using-mdm-software"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-176">Sync does not work on devices that have apps side-loaded using MDM software</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-176">Sync does not work on devices that have apps side-loaded using MDM software</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-177">Affects devices running the Windows 10 Anniversary Update (Version 1607).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-177">Affects devices running the Windows 10 Anniversary Update (Version 1607).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-178">In Event Viewer under the SettingSync-Azure logs, the Event ID 6013 with error 80070259 is frequently seen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-178">In Event Viewer under the SettingSync-Azure logs, the Event ID 6013 with error 80070259 is frequently seen.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-179">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-179">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-180">Make sure the Windows 10 v1607 client has the August 23, 2016 Cumulative Update ([KB3176934](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3176934) OS Build 14393.82).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-180">Make sure the Windows 10 v1607 client has the August 23, 2016 Cumulative Update ([KB3176934](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3176934) OS Build 14393.82).</span></span> 

---

### <a name="internet-explorer-favorites-do-not-sync"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-181">Internet Explorer Favorites do not sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-181">Internet Explorer Favorites do not sync</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-182">Affects devices running the Windows 10 November Update (Version 1511).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-182">Affects devices running the Windows 10 November Update (Version 1511).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-183">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-183">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-184">Make sure the Windows 10 v1511 client has the July 2016 Cumulative Update ([KB3172985](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3172985) OS Build 10586.494).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-184">Make sure the Windows 10 v1511 client has the July 2016 Cumulative Update ([KB3172985](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3172985) OS Build 10586.494).</span></span>

---

### <a name="theme-is-not-syncing-as-well-as-data-protected-with-windows-information-protection"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-185">Theme is not syncing, as well as data protected with Windows Information Protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-185">Theme is not syncing, as well as data protected with Windows Information Protection</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-186">To prevent data leakage, data that is protected with [Windows Information Protection](https://technet.microsoft.com/itpro/windows/keep-secure/protect-enterprise-data-using-wip) will not sync through Enterprise State Roaming for devices using the Windows 10 Anniversary Update.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-186">To prevent data leakage, data that is protected with [Windows Information Protection](https://technet.microsoft.com/itpro/windows/keep-secure/protect-enterprise-data-using-wip) will not sync through Enterprise State Roaming for devices using the Windows 10 Anniversary Update.</span></span>



<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-187">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-187">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-188">None.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-188">None.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-189">Future updates to Windows may resolve this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-189">Future updates to Windows may resolve this issue.</span></span>

---

### <a name="date-time-and-region-settings-do-not-sync-on-domain-joined-device"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-190">Date, Time, and Region settings do not sync on domain-joined device</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-190">Date, Time, and Region settings do not sync on domain-joined device</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-191">Devices that are domain-joined will not experience sync for the setting Date, Time, and Region: automatic time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-191">Devices that are domain-joined will not experience sync for the setting Date, Time, and Region: automatic time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-192">Using automatic time may override the other Date, Time, and Region settings and cause those settings not to sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-192">Using automatic time may override the other Date, Time, and Region settings and cause those settings not to sync.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-193">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-193">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-194">None.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-194">None.</span></span> 

---

### <a name="uac-prompts-when-syncing-passwords"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-195">UAC Prompts when syncing passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-195">UAC Prompts when syncing passwords</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-196">Affects devices running the Windows 10 November Update (Version 1511) with a wireless NIC that is configured to sync passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-196">Affects devices running the Windows 10 November Update (Version 1511) with a wireless NIC that is configured to sync passwords.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-197">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-197">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-198">Make sure the Windows 10 v1511 client has the Cumulative Update ([KB3140743](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3140743) OS Build 10586.494).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-198">Make sure the Windows 10 v1511 client has the Cumulative Update ([KB3140743](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3140743) OS Build 10586.494).</span></span>

---

### <a name="sync-does-not-work-on-devices-that-use-smart-card-for-login"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-199">Sync does not work on devices that use smart card for login</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-199">Sync does not work on devices that use smart card for login</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-200">If you attempt to sign in to your Windows device using a smart card or virtual smart card, settings sync will stop working.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-200">If you attempt to sign in to your Windows device using a smart card or virtual smart card, settings sync will stop working.</span></span>     

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-201">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-201">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-202">None.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-202">None.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-203">Future updates to Windows may resolve this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-203">Future updates to Windows may resolve this issue.</span></span>

---

### <a name="domain-joined-device-is-not-syncing-after-leaving-corporate-network"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-204">Domain-joined device is not syncing after leaving corporate network</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-204">Domain-joined device is not syncing after leaving corporate network</span></span>     
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-205">Domain-joined devices registered to Azure AD may experience sync failure if the device is off-site for extended periods of time, and domain authentication can't complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-205">Domain-joined devices registered to Azure AD may experience sync failure if the device is off-site for extended periods of time, and domain authentication can't complete.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-206">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-206">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-207">Connect the device to a corporate network so that sync can resume.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-207">Connect the device to a corporate network so that sync can resume.</span></span>

---

 ### <a name="azure-ad-joined-device-is-not-syncing-and-the-user-has-a-mixed-case-user-principal-name"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-208">Azure AD Joined device is not syncing and the user has a mixed case User Principal Name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-208">Azure AD Joined device is not syncing and the user has a mixed case User Principal Name.</span></span>
 <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-209">If the user has a mixed case UPN (e.g. UserName instead of username) and the user is on an Azure AD Joined device which has upgraded from Windows 10 Build 10586 to 14393, the user's device may fail to sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-209">If the user has a mixed case UPN (e.g. UserName instead of username) and the user is on an Azure AD Joined device which has upgraded from Windows 10 Build 10586 to 14393, the user's device may fail to sync.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-210">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-210">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-211">The user will need to unjoin and rejoin the device to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-211">The user will need to unjoin and rejoin the device to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-212">To do this, login as the Local Administrator user and unjoin the device by going to **Settings** > **System** > **About** and select "Manage or disconnect from work or school".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-212">To do this, login as the Local Administrator user and unjoin the device by going to **Settings** > **System** > **About** and select "Manage or disconnect from work or school".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-213">Clean up the files below, and then Azure AD Join the device again in **Settings** > **System** > **About** and selecting "Connect to Work or School".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-213">Clean up the files below, and then Azure AD Join the device again in **Settings** > **System** > **About** and selecting "Connect to Work or School".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-214">Continue to join the device to Azure Active Directory and complete the flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-214">Continue to join the device to Azure Active Directory and complete the flow.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-215">In the cleanup step, cleanup the following files:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-215">In the cleanup step, cleanup the following files:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-216">Settings.dat in `C:\Users\<Username>\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.AAD.BrokerPlugin_cw5n1h2txyewy\Settings\`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-216">Settings.dat in `C:\Users\<Username>\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.AAD.BrokerPlugin_cw5n1h2txyewy\Settings\`</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-217">All the files under the folder `C:\Users\<Username>\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.AAD.BrokerPlugin_cw5n1h2txyewy\AC\TokenBroker\Account`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-217">All the files under the folder `C:\Users\<Username>\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.AAD.BrokerPlugin_cw5n1h2txyewy\AC\TokenBroker\Account`</span></span>

---

### <a name="event-id-6065-80070533-this-user-cant-sign-in-because-this-account-is-currently-disabled"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-218">Event ID 6065: 80070533 This user can’t sign in because this account is currently disabled</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-218">Event ID 6065: 80070533 This user can’t sign in because this account is currently disabled</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-219">In Event Viewer under the SettingSync/Debug logs, this error can be seen when the user's credentials have expired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-219">In Event Viewer under the SettingSync/Debug logs, this error can be seen when the user's credentials have expired.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-220">In addition, it can occur when the tenant did not automatically have AzureRMS provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-220">In addition, it can occur when the tenant did not automatically have AzureRMS provisioned.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-221">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-221">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-222">In the first case, have the user update their credentials and login to the device with the new credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-222">In the first case, have the user update their credentials and login to the device with the new credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-223">To solve the AzureRMS issue, proceed with the steps listed in [KB3193791](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3193791).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-223">To solve the AzureRMS issue, proceed with the steps listed in [KB3193791](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3193791).</span></span> 

---

### <a name="event-id-1098-error-0xcaa5001c-token-broker-operation-failed"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-224">Event ID 1098: Error: 0xCAA5001C Token broker operation failed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-224">Event ID 1098: Error: 0xCAA5001C Token broker operation failed</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-225">In Event Viewer under the AAD/Operational logs, this error may be seen with Event 1104: AAD Cloud AP plugin call Get token returned error: 0xC000005F.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-225">In Event Viewer under the AAD/Operational logs, this error may be seen with Event 1104: AAD Cloud AP plugin call Get token returned error: 0xC000005F.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-226">This issue occurs if there are missing permissions or ownership attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-226">This issue occurs if there are missing permissions or ownership attributes.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-227">**Recommended action**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-227">**Recommended action**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-228">Proceed with the steps listed [KB3196528](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3196528).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-228">Proceed with the steps listed [KB3196528](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3196528).</span></span>  



## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-229">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-229">Next steps</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-230">Use the [User Voice forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/169401-azure-active-directory/category/158658-enterprise-state-roaming) to provide feedback and make suggestions on how to improve Enterprise State Roaming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-230">Use the [User Voice forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/169401-azure-active-directory/category/158658-enterprise-state-roaming) to provide feedback and make suggestions on how to improve Enterprise State Roaming.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="72ba8-231">For more information, see the [Enterprise State Roaming overview](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-231">For more information, see the [Enterprise State Roaming overview](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-overview.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="related-topics"></a><span data-ttu-id="72ba8-232">Related topics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-232">Related topics</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-233">Enterprise state roaming overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-233">Enterprise state roaming overview</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-234">Enable enterprise state roaming in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-234">Enable enterprise state roaming in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-enable.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-235">Settings and data roaming FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-235">Settings and data roaming FAQ</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-faqs.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-236">Group policy and MDM settings for settings sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-236">Group policy and MDM settings for settings sync</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-group-policy-settings.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="72ba8-237">Windows 10 roaming settings reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="72ba8-237">Windows 10 roaming settings reference</span></span>](active-directory-windows-enterprise-state-roaming-windows-settings-reference.md)
