---
title: How to require multi-factor authentication | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged identities with the Azure Active Directory Privileged Identity Management extension.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: billmath
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 1e3dc4ad-3a6a-4a52-8417-3ca4f84ae05c
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 02/14/2017
ms.author: billmath
ms.openlocfilehash: 5c17b32d88fafb93cfe785e83ffd47d5f50c9a0a
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550641"
---
# <a name="how-to-require-mfa-in-azure-ad-privileged-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="38a90-103">How to require MFA in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-103">How to require MFA in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="38a90-104">We recommend that you require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all of your administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-104">We recommend that you require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all of your administrators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-105">This reduces the risk of an attack due to a compromised password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-105">This reduces the risk of an attack due to a compromised password.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="38a90-106">You can require that users complete an MFA challenge when they sign in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-106">You can require that users complete an MFA challenge when they sign in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-107">The blog post [MFA for Office 365 and MFA for Azure](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/ad/2014/02/11/mfa-for-office-365-and-mfa-for-azure/) compares what is included in Office and Azure subscriptions, with the features contained in the Microsoft Azure Multi-Factor Authentication offering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-107">The blog post [MFA for Office 365 and MFA for Azure](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/ad/2014/02/11/mfa-for-office-365-and-mfa-for-azure/) compares what is included in Office and Azure subscriptions, with the features contained in the Microsoft Azure Multi-Factor Authentication offering.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="38a90-108">You can also require that users complete an MFA challenge when they activate a role in Azure AD PIM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-108">You can also require that users complete an MFA challenge when they activate a role in Azure AD PIM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-109">This way, if the user didn't complete an MFA challenge when they signed in, they will be prompted to do so by PIM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-109">This way, if the user didn't complete an MFA challenge when they signed in, they will be prompted to do so by PIM.</span></span>

## <a name="requiring-mfa-in-azure-ad-privileged-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="38a90-110">Requiring MFA in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-110">Requiring MFA in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="38a90-111">When you manage identities in PIM as a privileged role administrator, you may see alerts that recommend MFA for privileged accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-111">When you manage identities in PIM as a privileged role administrator, you may see alerts that recommend MFA for privileged accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-112">Click the security alert in the PIM dashboard, and a new blade will open with a list of the administrator accounts that should require MFA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-112">Click the security alert in the PIM dashboard, and a new blade will open with a list of the administrator accounts that should require MFA.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="38a90-113">You can require MFA by selecting multiple roles and then clicking the **Fix** button, or you can click the ellipses next to individual roles and then click the **Fix** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-113">You can require MFA by selecting multiple roles and then clicking the **Fix** button, or you can click the ellipses next to individual roles and then click the **Fix** button.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-114">Right now, Azure MFA only works with work or school accounts, not Microsoft accounts (usually a personal account that's used to sign in to Microsoft services like Skype, Xbox, Outlook.com, etc.).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-114">Right now, Azure MFA only works with work or school accounts, not Microsoft accounts (usually a personal account that's used to sign in to Microsoft services like Skype, Xbox, Outlook.com, etc.).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-115">Because of this, anyone using a Microsoft account can't be an eligible admin because they can't use MFA to activate their roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-115">Because of this, anyone using a Microsoft account can't be an eligible admin because they can't use MFA to activate their roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-116">If these users need to continue managing workloads using a Microsoft account, elevate them to permanent administrators for now.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-116">If these users need to continue managing workloads using a Microsoft account, elevate them to permanent administrators for now.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="38a90-117">Additionally, you can change the MFA requirement for a specific role by clicking on it in the Roles section of the PIM dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-117">Additionally, you can change the MFA requirement for a specific role by clicking on it in the Roles section of the PIM dashboard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-118">Then, click on **Settings** in the role blade and then selecting **Enable** under multi-factor authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-118">Then, click on **Settings** in the role blade and then selecting **Enable** under multi-factor authentication.</span></span>

## <a name="how-azure-ad-pim-validates-mfa"></a><span data-ttu-id="38a90-119">How Azure AD PIM validates MFA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-119">How Azure AD PIM validates MFA</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="38a90-120">There are two options for validating MFA when a user activates a role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-120">There are two options for validating MFA when a user activates a role.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="38a90-121">The simplest option is to rely on Azure MFA for users who are activating a privileged role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-121">The simplest option is to rely on Azure MFA for users who are activating a privileged role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-122">To do this, first check that those users are licensed, if necessary, and have registered for Azure MFA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-122">To do this, first check that those users are licensed, if necessary, and have registered for Azure MFA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-123">More information on how to do this is in [Getting started with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-cloud.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-123">More information on how to do this is in [Getting started with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-cloud.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-124">It is recommended, but not required, that you configure Azure AD to enforce MFA for these users when they sign in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-124">It is recommended, but not required, that you configure Azure AD to enforce MFA for these users when they sign in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-125">This is because the MFA checks will be made by Azure AD PIM itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-125">This is because the MFA checks will be made by Azure AD PIM itself.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="38a90-126">Alternatively, if users authenticate on-premises you can have your identity provider be responsible for MFA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-126">Alternatively, if users authenticate on-premises you can have your identity provider be responsible for MFA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-127">For example, if you have configured AD Federation Services to require smartcard-based authentication before accessing Azure AD, [Securing cloud resources with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and AD FS](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-adfs-cloud.md) includes instructions for configuring AD FS to send claims to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-127">For example, if you have configured AD Federation Services to require smartcard-based authentication before accessing Azure AD, [Securing cloud resources with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and AD FS](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-adfs-cloud.md) includes instructions for configuring AD FS to send claims to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="38a90-128">When a user tries to activate a role, Azure AD PIM will accept that MFA has already been validated for the user once it receives the appropriate claims.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-128">When a user tries to activate a role, Azure AD PIM will accept that MFA has already been validated for the user once it receives the appropriate claims.</span></span>

<!--Every topic should have next steps and links to the next logical set of content to keep the customer engaged-->
## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="38a90-129">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="38a90-129">Next steps</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [active-directory-privileged-identity-management-toc](../../includes/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-toc.md)]

