---
title: Conceptual overview of custom domain names in Azure Active Directory | Microsoft Docs
description: Explains the conceptual framework for using custom domain names in Azure Active directory, including federation for single sign-on
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: fd0c5def-0da2-43af-81bc-76f4cfe86afd
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/04/2016
ms.author: curtand;jeffsta
ms.openlocfilehash: d9c2e1e681a0e54b2a19452f905d247043b5ab56
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44661595"
---
# <a name="conceptual-overview-of-custom-domain-names-in-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="35c11-103">Conceptual overview of custom domain names in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-103">Conceptual overview of custom domain names in Azure Active Directory</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35c11-104">A domain name is an important part of the identifier for many directory resources: it is part of a user name or email address for a user, part of the address for a group, and can be part of the app ID URI for an application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-104">A domain name is an important part of the identifier for many directory resources: it is part of a user name or email address for a user, part of the address for a group, and can be part of the app ID URI for an application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-105">A resource in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) can include a domain name that is already verified to be owned by the directory that contains the resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-105">A resource in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) can include a domain name that is already verified to be owned by the directory that contains the resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-106">Only a global administrator can perform domain management tasks in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-106">Only a global administrator can perform domain management tasks in Azure AD.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-107">Domain names in Azure AD are globally unique.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-107">Domain names in Azure AD are globally unique.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-108">A domain name can be used by a single Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-108">A domain name can be used by a single Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-109">If one Azure AD directory has verified a domain name, then no other Azure AD directory can verify or use that same domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-109">If one Azure AD directory has verified a domain name, then no other Azure AD directory can verify or use that same domain name.</span></span>

## <a name="initial-and-custom-domain-names"></a><span data-ttu-id="35c11-110">Initial and custom domain names</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-110">Initial and custom domain names</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35c11-111">Every domain name in Azure AD is either an initial domain name, or a custom domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-111">Every domain name in Azure AD is either an initial domain name, or a custom domain name.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-112">Every Azure AD comes with an initial domain name in the form contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-112">Every Azure AD comes with an initial domain name in the form contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-113">This third level domain name, in this example “contoso.onmicrosoft.com,” was established when the directory was created, typically by the admin who created the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-113">This third level domain name, in this example “contoso.onmicrosoft.com,” was established when the directory was created, typically by the admin who created the directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-114">The initial domain name for a directory can't be changed or deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-114">The initial domain name for a directory can't be changed or deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-115">The initial domain name, while fully functional, is intended primarily to be used as a bootstrapping mechanism until a custom domain name is verified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-115">The initial domain name, while fully functional, is intended primarily to be used as a bootstrapping mechanism until a custom domain name is verified.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-116">In most production environments, a directory has at least one verified custom domain, such as “contoso.com,” and it is that custom domain that is visible to end users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-116">In most production environments, a directory has at least one verified custom domain, such as “contoso.com,” and it is that custom domain that is visible to end users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-117">A custom domain name is a domain name that is owned and used by that organization, such as “contoso.com,” for uses such as hosting its web site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-117">A custom domain name is a domain name that is owned and used by that organization, such as “contoso.com,” for uses such as hosting its web site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-118">This domain name is familiar to employees because it is part of the user name that they use to sign in to the corporate network, or to send and retrieve email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-118">This domain name is familiar to employees because it is part of the user name that they use to sign in to the corporate network, or to send and retrieve email.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-119">Before it can be used by Azure AD, the custom domain name must be added to your directory and verified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-119">Before it can be used by Azure AD, the custom domain name must be added to your directory and verified.</span></span>

## <a name="verified-and-unverified-domain-names"></a><span data-ttu-id="35c11-120">Verified and unverified domain names</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-120">Verified and unverified domain names</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35c11-121">The initial domain name for a directory is implicitly evaluated as verified by Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-121">The initial domain name for a directory is implicitly evaluated as verified by Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-122">When an administrator adds a custom domain name to an Azure AD, it is initially in an unverified state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-122">When an administrator adds a custom domain name to an Azure AD, it is initially in an unverified state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-123">Azure AD will not allow any directory resources to use an unverified domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-123">Azure AD will not allow any directory resources to use an unverified domain name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-124">This ensures that only one directory can use a particular domain name, and that the organization uses the domain name actually owns that domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-124">This ensures that only one directory can use a particular domain name, and that the organization uses the domain name actually owns that domain name.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-125">Azure AD verifies ownership of a domain name by looking for a particular entry in the domain name service (DNS) zone file for the domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-125">Azure AD verifies ownership of a domain name by looking for a particular entry in the domain name service (DNS) zone file for the domain name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-126">To verify ownership of a domain name, an admin gets the DNS entry from Azure AD that Azure AD will look for, and adds that entry to the DNS zone file for the domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-126">To verify ownership of a domain name, an admin gets the DNS entry from Azure AD that Azure AD will look for, and adds that entry to the DNS zone file for the domain name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-127">The DNS zone file is maintained by the domain name registrar for that domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-127">The DNS zone file is maintained by the domain name registrar for that domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-128">The steps to verify a domain are shown in the article for [adding a custom domain to your Azure AD directory](active-directory-add-domain.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-128">The steps to verify a domain are shown in the article for [adding a custom domain to your Azure AD directory](active-directory-add-domain.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-129">Adding a DNS entry to the zone file for the domain name does not affect other domain services such as email or web hosting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-129">Adding a DNS entry to the zone file for the domain name does not affect other domain services such as email or web hosting.</span></span>

## <a name="federated-and-managed-domain-names"></a><span data-ttu-id="35c11-130">Federated and managed domain names</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-130">Federated and managed domain names</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35c11-131">A custom domain name in Azure AD can be configured to give users a federated sign in experience between your on-premises Active Directory and Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-131">A custom domain name in Azure AD can be configured to give users a federated sign in experience between your on-premises Active Directory and Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-132">Configuring a domain for federation requires updates to privileged resources in Azure AD and also to your Windows Server Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-132">Configuring a domain for federation requires updates to privileged resources in Azure AD and also to your Windows Server Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-133">Configuring a federated domain must be completed from Azure AD Connect or using PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-133">Configuring a federated domain must be completed from Azure AD Connect or using PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-134">Federating a custom domain cannot be initiated from the Azure classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-134">Federating a custom domain cannot be initiated from the Azure classic portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-135">[Watch this video to learn about configuring AD FS for user sign in with Azure AD Connect](http://channel9.msdn.com/Series/Azure-Active-Directory-Videos-Demos/Configuring-AD-FS-for-user-sign-in-with-Azure-AD-Connect).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-135">[Watch this video to learn about configuring AD FS for user sign in with Azure AD Connect](http://channel9.msdn.com/Series/Azure-Active-Directory-Videos-Demos/Configuring-AD-FS-for-user-sign-in-with-Azure-AD-Connect).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-136">Domains that are not federated are sometimes called managed domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-136">Domains that are not federated are sometimes called managed domains.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-137">The initial domain for an Azure AD directory is implicitly evaluated as a managed domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-137">The initial domain for an Azure AD directory is implicitly evaluated as a managed domain.</span></span>

## <a name="primary-domain-names"></a><span data-ttu-id="35c11-138">Primary domain names</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-138">Primary domain names</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35c11-139">The primary domain name for a directory is the domain name that is pre-selected as the default value for the ‘domain’ portion of the user name, when an administrator creates a new user in the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com/) or another portal such as the Office 365 admin portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-139">The primary domain name for a directory is the domain name that is pre-selected as the default value for the ‘domain’ portion of the user name, when an administrator creates a new user in the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com/) or another portal such as the Office 365 admin portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-140">A directory can have only one primary domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-140">A directory can have only one primary domain name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-141">An administrator can change the primary domain name to be any verified custom domain that is not federated, or to the initial domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-141">An administrator can change the primary domain name to be any verified custom domain that is not federated, or to the initial domain.</span></span>

## <a name="domain-names-in-azure-ad-and-other-microsoft-online-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="35c11-142">Domain names in Azure AD and other Microsoft Online Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-142">Domain names in Azure AD and other Microsoft Online Services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35c11-143">A domain name must be verified in Azure AD before it can be used by another Microsoft Online Service such as Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, and Intune.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-143">A domain name must be verified in Azure AD before it can be used by another Microsoft Online Service such as Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, and Intune.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-144">These other services typically require an administrator to add one or more DNS entries that are particular to the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-144">These other services typically require an administrator to add one or more DNS entries that are particular to the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35c11-145">An Azure web app uses its own mechanism to verify ownership of a domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-145">An Azure web app uses its own mechanism to verify ownership of a domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-146">A domain must be verified for use with Azure AD even if it has been previously verified for use by an Azure web app in a subscription that relies on that Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-146">A domain must be verified for use with Azure AD even if it has been previously verified for use by an Azure web app in a subscription that relies on that Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-147">An Azure web app can use a domain name that has been verified in a different directory from the directory that secures the web app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-147">An Azure web app can use a domain name that has been verified in a different directory from the directory that secures the web app.</span></span>

## <a name="managing-domain-names"></a><span data-ttu-id="35c11-148">Managing domain names</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-148">Managing domain names</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="35c11-149">Domain management tasks can be completed from the Azure classic portal and from PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-149">Domain management tasks can be completed from the Azure classic portal and from PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35c11-150">Many tasks can be completed using the Azure AD Graph API (in public preview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-150">Many tasks can be completed using the Azure AD Graph API (in public preview).</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="35c11-151">Adding and verifying a custom domain name</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-151">Adding and verifying a custom domain name</span></span>](active-directory-add-domain.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="35c11-152">Managing domains in the Azure classic portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-152">Managing domains in the Azure classic portal</span></span>](active-directory-add-manage-domain-names.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="35c11-153">Using PowerShell to manage domain names in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-153">Using PowerShell to manage domain names in Azure AD</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/e1ef403f-3347-4409-8f46-d72dafa116e0#BKMK_ManageDomains)
* [<span data-ttu-id="35c11-154">Using the Azure AD Graph API to manage domain names in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35c11-154">Using the Azure AD Graph API to manage domain names in Azure AD</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/domains-operations)

