---
title: Setting up Azure Active Directory for self service application access management| Microsoft Docs
description: Self-service group management enables users to create and manage security groups or Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory and offers users the possibility to request security group or Office 365 group memberships
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 904d5c70-c34a-46c4-a9a7-d1efecf4821c
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.date: 02/3/2017
ms.author: curtand
ms.openlocfilehash: be84686351255585c3484f5ab8dad37b92462e2b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550573"
---
# <a name="setting-up-azure-active-directory-for-self-service-group-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="ab220-103">Setting up Azure Active Directory for self-service group management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-103">Setting up Azure Active Directory for self-service group management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ab220-104">Self-service group management enables users to create and manage security groups or Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-104">Self-service group management enables users to create and manage security groups or Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-105">Users can also request security group or Office 365 group memberships, and then the owner of the group can approve or deny membership.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-105">Users can also request security group or Office 365 group memberships, and then the owner of the group can approve or deny membership.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-106">In this way, day-to-day control of group membership can be delegated to people who understand the business context for that membership.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-106">In this way, day-to-day control of group membership can be delegated to people who understand the business context for that membership.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-107">Self-service group management features are available only for security groups and Office 365 groups, but not for mail-enabled security groups or distribution lists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-107">Self-service group management features are available only for security groups and Office 365 groups, but not for mail-enabled security groups or distribution lists.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab220-108">Self-service group management currently comprises two essential scenarios: delegated group management and self-service group management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-108">Self-service group management currently comprises two essential scenarios: delegated group management and self-service group management.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="ab220-109">**Delegated group management** An example is an administrator who is managing access to a SaaS application that the company is using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-109">**Delegated group management** An example is an administrator who is managing access to a SaaS application that the company is using.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-110">Managing these access rights is becoming cumbersome, so this administrator asks the business owner to create a new group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-110">Managing these access rights is becoming cumbersome, so this administrator asks the business owner to create a new group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-111">The administrator assigns access for the application to the new group, and adds to the group all people already accessing to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-111">The administrator assigns access for the application to the new group, and adds to the group all people already accessing to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-112">The business owner then can add more users, and those users are automatically provisioned to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-112">The business owner then can add more users, and those users are automatically provisioned to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-113">The business owner doesn't need to wait for the administrator to manage access for users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-113">The business owner doesn't need to wait for the administrator to manage access for users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-114">If the administrator grants the same permission to a manager in a different business group, then that person can also manage access for their own users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-114">If the administrator grants the same permission to a manager in a different business group, then that person can also manage access for their own users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-115">Neither the business owner nor the manager can view or manage each other’s users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-115">Neither the business owner nor the manager can view or manage each other’s users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-116">The administrator can still see all users who have access to the application and block access rights if needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-116">The administrator can still see all users who have access to the application and block access rights if needed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="ab220-117">**Self-service group management** An example of this scenario is two users who both have SharePoint Online sites that they set up independently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-117">**Self-service group management** An example of this scenario is two users who both have SharePoint Online sites that they set up independently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-118">They want to give each other’s teams access to their sites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-118">They want to give each other’s teams access to their sites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-119">To accomplish this, they can create one group in Azure AD, and in SharePoint Online each of them selects that group to provide access to their sites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-119">To accomplish this, they can create one group in Azure AD, and in SharePoint Online each of them selects that group to provide access to their sites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-120">When someone wants access, they request it from the Access Panel, and after approval they get access to both SharePoint Online sites automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-120">When someone wants access, they request it from the Access Panel, and after approval they get access to both SharePoint Online sites automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-121">Later, one of them decides that all people accessing the site should also get access to a particular SaaS application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-121">Later, one of them decides that all people accessing the site should also get access to a particular SaaS application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-122">The administrator of the SaaS application can add access rights for the  application to the SharePoint Online site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-122">The administrator of the SaaS application can add access rights for the  application to the SharePoint Online site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-123">From then on, any requests that get approved gives access to the two SharePoint Online sites and also to this SaaS application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-123">From then on, any requests that get approved gives access to the two SharePoint Online sites and also to this SaaS application.</span></span>

## <a name="making-a-group-available-for-end-user-self-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="ab220-124">Making a group available for end user self-service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-124">Making a group available for end user self-service</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="ab220-125">In the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com), open your Azure AD directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-125">In the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com), open your Azure AD directory.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="ab220-126">On the **Configure** tab, set **Delegated group management** to Enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-126">On the **Configure** tab, set **Delegated group management** to Enabled.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="ab220-127">Set **Users can create security groups** or **Users can create Office groups** to Enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-127">Set **Users can create security groups** or **Users can create Office groups** to Enabled.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab220-128">When **Users can create security groups** is enabled, all users in your directory are allowed to create new security groups and add members to these groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-128">When **Users can create security groups** is enabled, all users in your directory are allowed to create new security groups and add members to these groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-129">These new groups would also show up in the Access Panel for all other users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-129">These new groups would also show up in the Access Panel for all other users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-130">If the policy setting on the group allows it, other users can create requests to join these groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-130">If the policy setting on the group allows it, other users can create requests to join these groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-131">If **Users can create security groups** is disabled, users can't create groups and can't change existing groups for which they are an owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-131">If **Users can create security groups** is disabled, users can't create groups and can't change existing groups for which they are an owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-132">However, they can still manage the memberships of those groups and approve requests from other users to join their groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-132">However, they can still manage the memberships of those groups and approve requests from other users to join their groups.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab220-133">You can also use **Users who can use self-service for security groups** to achieve a more fine-grained access control over self-service group management for your users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-133">You can also use **Users who can use self-service for security groups** to achieve a more fine-grained access control over self-service group management for your users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-134">When **Users can create groups** is enabled, all users in your directory are allowed to create new groups and add members to these groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-134">When **Users can create groups** is enabled, all users in your directory are allowed to create new groups and add members to these groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-135">By also setting **Users who can use self-service for security groups** to Some, you are restricting group management to only a limited group of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-135">By also setting **Users who can use self-service for security groups** to Some, you are restricting group management to only a limited group of users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-136">When this switch is set to Some, you must add users to the group SSGMSecurityGroupsUsers before they can create new groups and add members to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-136">When this switch is set to Some, you must add users to the group SSGMSecurityGroupsUsers before they can create new groups and add members to them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab220-137">By setting **Users who can use self-service for security groups** to All, you enable all users in your directory to create new groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-137">By setting **Users who can use self-service for security groups** to All, you enable all users in your directory to create new groups.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab220-138">You can also use the **Group that can use self-service for security groups** box to specify a custom name for a group whose members can use self-service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-138">You can also use the **Group that can use self-service for security groups** box to specify a custom name for a group whose members can use self-service.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="ab220-139">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-139">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ab220-140">These articles provide additional information on Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-140">These articles provide additional information on Azure Active Directory.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="ab220-141">Managing access to resources with Azure Active Directory groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-141">Managing access to resources with Azure Active Directory groups</span></span>](active-directory-manage-groups.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ab220-142">Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-142">Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings</span></span>](active-directory-accessmanagement-groups-settings-cmdlets.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ab220-143">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-143">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-apps-index.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ab220-144">What is Azure Active Directory?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-144">What is Azure Active Directory?</span></span>](active-directory-whatis.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ab220-145">Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab220-145">Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-aadconnect.md)
