---
title: What is group-based licensing in Azure Active Directory? | Microsoft Docs
description: Description of Azure Active Directory group-based licensing, how it works, how to get started, and best practices
services: active-directory
keywords: Azure AD licensing
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 04/05/2017
ms.author: curtand
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.openlocfilehash: 52c3e88689441045c3bd34ea3ab17a8a1d270f23
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44540790"
---
# <a name="group-based-licensing-basics-in-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-105">Group-based licensing basics in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-105">Group-based licensing basics in Azure Active Directory</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-106">Microsoft cloud services, such as Office 365, Enterprise Mobility + Security, Dynamics CRM, and other similar products, require licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-106">Microsoft cloud services, such as Office 365, Enterprise Mobility + Security, Dynamics CRM, and other similar products, require licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-107">These licenses are assigned to each user who needs access to these services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-107">These licenses are assigned to each user who needs access to these services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-108">To manage licenses, administrators use one of the management portals (Office or Azure) and PowerShell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-108">To manage licenses, administrators use one of the management portals (Office or Azure) and PowerShell cmdlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-109">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) is the underlying infrastructure that supports identity management for all Microsoft cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-109">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) is the underlying infrastructure that supports identity management for all Microsoft cloud services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-110">Azure AD stores information about license assignment states for users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-110">Azure AD stores information about license assignment states for users.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-111">Until now, licenses could only be assigned at the individual user level, which can make large-scale management difficult.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-111">Until now, licenses could only be assigned at the individual user level, which can make large-scale management difficult.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-112">For example, to add or remove user licenses based on organizational changes, such as users joining or leaving the organization or a department, an administrator often must write a complex PowerShell script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-112">For example, to add or remove user licenses based on organizational changes, such as users joining or leaving the organization or a department, an administrator often must write a complex PowerShell script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-113">This script makes individual calls to the cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-113">This script makes individual calls to the cloud service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-114">To address those challenges, Azure AD now includes group-based licensing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-114">To address those challenges, Azure AD now includes group-based licensing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-115">You can assign one or more product licenses to a group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-115">You can assign one or more product licenses to a group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-116">Azure AD ensures that the licenses are assigned to all members of the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-116">Azure AD ensures that the licenses are assigned to all members of the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-117">Any new members who join the group are assigned the appropriate licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-117">Any new members who join the group are assigned the appropriate licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-118">When they leave the group, those licenses are removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-118">When they leave the group, those licenses are removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-119">This eliminates the need for automating license management via PowerShell to reflect changes in the organization and departmental structure on a per-user basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-119">This eliminates the need for automating license management via PowerShell to reflect changes in the organization and departmental structure on a per-user basis.</span></span>

## <a name="features"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-120">Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-120">Features</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-121">Here are the main features of group-based licensing:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-121">Here are the main features of group-based licensing:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-122">Licenses can be assigned to any security group in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-122">Licenses can be assigned to any security group in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-123">Security groups can be synced on-premises, by using Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-123">Security groups can be synced on-premises, by using Azure AD Connect.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-124">You can also create security groups directly in Azure AD (also called cloud-only groups), or automatically via the Azure AD dynamic group feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-124">You can also create security groups directly in Azure AD (also called cloud-only groups), or automatically via the Azure AD dynamic group feature.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-125">When a product license is assigned to a group, the administrator can disable one or more service plans in the product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-125">When a product license is assigned to a group, the administrator can disable one or more service plans in the product.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-126">Typically, this is done when the organization is not yet ready to start using a service included in a product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-126">Typically, this is done when the organization is not yet ready to start using a service included in a product.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-127">For example, the administrator might assign Office 365 to a department, but temporarily disable the Yammer service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-127">For example, the administrator might assign Office 365 to a department, but temporarily disable the Yammer service.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-128">All Microsoft cloud services that require user-level licensing are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-128">All Microsoft cloud services that require user-level licensing are supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-129">This includes all Office 365 products, Enterprise Mobility + Security, and Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-129">This includes all Office 365 products, Enterprise Mobility + Security, and Dynamics CRM.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-130">Group-based licensing is currently available only through [the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-130">Group-based licensing is currently available only through [the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-131">If you primarily use other management portals for user and group management, such as the Office 365 portal, you can continue to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-131">If you primarily use other management portals for user and group management, such as the Office 365 portal, you can continue to do so.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-132">But you should use the Azure portal to manage licenses at group level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-132">But you should use the Azure portal to manage licenses at group level.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-133">Azure AD automatically manages license modifications that result from group membership changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-133">Azure AD automatically manages license modifications that result from group membership changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-134">Typically, license modifications are effective within minutes of a membership change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-134">Typically, license modifications are effective within minutes of a membership change.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-135">A user can be a member of multiple groups with license policies specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-135">A user can be a member of multiple groups with license policies specified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-136">A user can also have some licenses that were directly assigned, outside of any groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-136">A user can also have some licenses that were directly assigned, outside of any groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-137">The resulting user state is a combination of all assigned product and service licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-137">The resulting user state is a combination of all assigned product and service licenses.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-138">In some cases, licenses cannot be assigned to a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-138">In some cases, licenses cannot be assigned to a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-139">For example, there might not be enough available licenses in the tenant, or conflicting services might have been assigned at the same time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-139">For example, there might not be enough available licenses in the tenant, or conflicting services might have been assigned at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-140">Administrators have access to information about users for whom Azure AD could not fully process group licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-140">Administrators have access to information about users for whom Azure AD could not fully process group licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-141">They can then take corrective action based on that information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-141">They can then take corrective action based on that information.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-142">During public preview, a paid or trial subscription for Azure AD Basic or Premium editions is required in the tenant to use group-based license management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-142">During public preview, a paid or trial subscription for Azure AD Basic or Premium editions is required in the tenant to use group-based license management.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-143">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-143">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-144">To learn more about other scenarios for license management through group-based licensing, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-144">To learn more about other scenarios for license management through group-based licensing, see:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-145">Assigning licenses to a group in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-145">Assigning licenses to a group in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-licensing-group-assignment-azure-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-146">Identifying and resolving license problems for a group in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-146">Identifying and resolving license problems for a group in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-licensing-group-problem-resolution-azure-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-147">How to migrate individual licensed users to group-based licensing in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-147">How to migrate individual licensed users to group-based licensing in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-licensing-group-migration-azure-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="dbcc4-148">Azure Active Directory group-based licensing additional scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbcc4-148">Azure Active Directory group-based licensing additional scenarios</span></span>](active-directory-licensing-group-advanced.md)
