---
title: Add users from other directories or partner companies in Azure Active Directory | Microsoft Docs
description: Explains how to add users or change user information in Azure Active Directory, including external and guest users.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 564a04ec-53c1-470b-9ab9-f3db57da0a89
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.date: 02/10/2017
ms.author: curtand
ms.openlocfilehash: a3dd2ab4657ffb01e90fa9753bfedf08d815aa2b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552081"
---
# <a name="add-users-from-other-directories-or-partner-companies-in-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="53efc-103">Add users from other directories or partner companies in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-103">Add users from other directories or partner companies in Azure Active Directory</span></span>
> [!div class="op_single_selector"]
> * [Azure portal](active-directory-users-create-external-azure-portal.md)
> * [Azure classic portal](active-directory-create-users-external.md)
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="53efc-106">This article explains how to add users from other directories in Azure Active Directory or add users from partner companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-106">This article explains how to add users from other directories in Azure Active Directory or add users from partner companies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-107">For information about adding new users in your organization, and adding users who have Microsoft accounts, see [Add new users to Azure Active Directory](active-directory-create-users.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-107">For information about adding new users in your organization, and adding users who have Microsoft accounts, see [Add new users to Azure Active Directory](active-directory-create-users.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-108">Added users don't have administrator permissions by default, but you can assign roles to them at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-108">Added users don't have administrator permissions by default, but you can assign roles to them at any time.</span></span>

## <a name="add-a-user"></a><span data-ttu-id="53efc-109">Add a user</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-109">Add a user</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="53efc-110">Sign in to the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com) with an account that's a global admin for the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-110">Sign in to the [Azure classic portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com) with an account that's a global admin for the directory.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="53efc-111">Select **Active Directory**, and then open your directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-111">Select **Active Directory**, and then open your directory.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="53efc-112">Select the **Users** tab, and then, in the command bar, select **Add User**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-112">Select the **Users** tab, and then, in the command bar, select **Add User**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="53efc-113">On the **Tell us about this user** page, under **Type of user**, select either:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-113">On the **Tell us about this user** page, under **Type of user**, select either:</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="53efc-114">**User in another Azure AD directory** – adds a user account to your directory that's sourced from another Azure AD directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-114">**User in another Azure AD directory** – adds a user account to your directory that's sourced from another Azure AD directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-115">You can select a user in another directory only if you're also a member of that directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-115">You can select a user in another directory only if you're also a member of that directory.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="53efc-116">**Users in partner companies** - to invite and authorize partner company users to your directory (See [Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration](active-directory-b2b-what-is-azure-ad-b2b.md)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-116">**Users in partner companies** - to invite and authorize partner company users to your directory (See [Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration](active-directory-b2b-what-is-azure-ad-b2b.md)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-117">You'll need to [upload a CSV file specifying email addresses](active-directory-b2b-references-csv-file-format.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-117">You'll need to [upload a CSV file specifying email addresses](active-directory-b2b-references-csv-file-format.md).</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="53efc-118">On the user **Profile** page, provide a first and last name, a user-friendly name, and a user role from the **Roles** list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-118">On the user **Profile** page, provide a first and last name, a user-friendly name, and a user role from the **Roles** list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-119">For more information about user and administrator roles, see [Assigning administrator roles in Azure AD](active-directory-assign-admin-roles.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-119">For more information about user and administrator roles, see [Assigning administrator roles in Azure AD](active-directory-assign-admin-roles.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-120">Specify whether to **Enable Multi-Factor Authentication** for the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-120">Specify whether to **Enable Multi-Factor Authentication** for the user.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="53efc-121">On the **Get temporary password** page, select **Create**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-121">On the **Get temporary password** page, select **Create**.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If your organization uses more than one domain, you should know about the following issues when you add a user account:
>
> * TO add user accounts with the same user principal name (UPN) across domains, **first** add, for example, geoffgrisso@contoso.onmicrosoft.com, **followed by** geoffgrisso@contoso.com.
> * **Don't** add geoffgrisso@contoso.com before you add geoffgrisso@contoso.onmicrosoft.com. This order is important, and can be cumbersome to undo.
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="53efc-126">If you change information for a user whose identity is synchronized with your on-premises Active Directory service, you can't change the user information in the Azure classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-126">If you change information for a user whose identity is synchronized with your on-premises Active Directory service, you can't change the user information in the Azure classic portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-127">To change the user information, use your on-premises Active Directory management tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-127">To change the user information, use your on-premises Active Directory management tools.</span></span>

## <a name="add-external-users"></a><span data-ttu-id="53efc-128">Add external users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-128">Add external users</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="53efc-129">You can also add users from another Azure AD directory to which you belong, or from partner companies by uploading a CSV file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-129">You can also add users from another Azure AD directory to which you belong, or from partner companies by uploading a CSV file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-130">To add an external user, for **Type of User**, specify **User in another Microsoft Azure AD directory** or **Users in partner companies**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-130">To add an external user, for **Type of User**, specify **User in another Microsoft Azure AD directory** or **Users in partner companies**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="53efc-131">Users of either type are sourced from another directory and are added as **external users**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-131">Users of either type are sourced from another directory and are added as **external users**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-132">External users can collaborate with other users in a directory without any requirement to add new accounts and credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-132">External users can collaborate with other users in a directory without any requirement to add new accounts and credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-133">External users authenticate with their home directory when they sign in, and that authentication works for any other directories to which they have been added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-133">External users authenticate with their home directory when they sign in, and that authentication works for any other directories to which they have been added.</span></span>

## <a name="external-user-management-and-limitations"></a><span data-ttu-id="53efc-134">External user management and limitations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-134">External user management and limitations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="53efc-135">When you add a user from another directory to your directory, that user is an external user in your directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-135">When you add a user from another directory to your directory, that user is an external user in your directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-136">The display name and user name are copied from their home directory and used for the external user in your directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-136">The display name and user name are copied from their home directory and used for the external user in your directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-137">From then on, properties of the external user account are entirely independent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-137">From then on, properties of the external user account are entirely independent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-138">If property changes are made to the user in their home directory, those changes aren't propagated to the external user account in your directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-138">If property changes are made to the user in their home directory, those changes aren't propagated to the external user account in your directory.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="53efc-139">The only linkage between the two accounts is that the user always authenticates against their home directory or with their Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-139">The only linkage between the two accounts is that the user always authenticates against their home directory or with their Microsoft account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-140">That's why you don't see an option to reset the password or enable multi-factor authentication for an external user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-140">That's why you don't see an option to reset the password or enable multi-factor authentication for an external user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-141">Currently, the authentication policy of the home directory or Microsoft account is the only one that's evaluated when the user signs in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-141">Currently, the authentication policy of the home directory or Microsoft account is the only one that's evaluated when the user signs in.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> You can still disable the external user in the directory, which blocks access to your directory.
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="53efc-143">If a user is deleted in their home directory or they cancel their Microsoft account, the external user still exists in your directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-143">If a user is deleted in their home directory or they cancel their Microsoft account, the external user still exists in your directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-144">However, the user in your directory can't access resources because they can't authenticate with a home directory or Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-144">However, the user in your directory can't access resources because they can't authenticate with a home directory or Microsoft account.</span></span>

### <a name="services-that-currently-support-access-by-azure-ad-external-users"></a><span data-ttu-id="53efc-145">Services that currently support access by Azure AD external users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-145">Services that currently support access by Azure AD external users</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-146">**Azure classic portal**: allows an external user who's an administrator of multiple directories to manage each of those directories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-146">**Azure classic portal**: allows an external user who's an administrator of multiple directories to manage each of those directories.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-147">**SharePoint Online**: if external sharing is enabled, allows an external user to access SharePoint Online authorized resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-147">**SharePoint Online**: if external sharing is enabled, allows an external user to access SharePoint Online authorized resources.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-148">**Dynamics CRM**: if the user is licensed via PowerShell, allows an external user to access authorized resources in Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-148">**Dynamics CRM**: if the user is licensed via PowerShell, allows an external user to access authorized resources in Dynamics CRM.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-149">**Dynamics AX**: if the user is licensed via PowerShell, allows an external user to access authorized resources in Dynamics AX.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-149">**Dynamics AX**: if the user is licensed via PowerShell, allows an external user to access authorized resources in Dynamics AX.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="53efc-150">The limitations for [Azure AD external users](#known-limitations-of-azure-ad-external-users) apply to external users in Dynamics AX as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-150">The limitations for [Azure AD external users](#known-limitations-of-azure-ad-external-users) apply to external users in Dynamics AX as well.</span></span>

### <a name="known-limitations-of-azure-ad-external-users"></a><span data-ttu-id="53efc-151">Known limitations of Azure AD external users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-151">Known limitations of Azure AD external users</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-152">External users who are admins can't add users from partner companies to directories (B2B collaboration) outside their home directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-152">External users who are admins can't add users from partner companies to directories (B2B collaboration) outside their home directory</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-153">External users can't consent to multi-tenant applications in directories outside of their home directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-153">External users can't consent to multi-tenant applications in directories outside of their home directory</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-154">PowerBI doesn't currently support access by external users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-154">PowerBI doesn't currently support access by external users</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-155">Office Portal doesn't support licensing external users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-155">Office Portal doesn't support licensing external users</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-156">With respect to Azure AD PowerShell, external users are logged into their home directory and cannot manage directories in which they are external users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-156">With respect to Azure AD PowerShell, external users are logged into their home directory and cannot manage directories in which they are external users</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="53efc-157">When configuring Dynamics CRM Outlook plugin, external users may need to manually enter the URL of the Dynamics CRM Online tenant instead of selecting 'CRM Online'</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-157">When configuring Dynamics CRM Outlook plugin, external users may need to manually enter the URL of the Dynamics CRM Online tenant instead of selecting 'CRM Online'</span></span>

## <a name="whats-next"></a><span data-ttu-id="53efc-158">What's next</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-158">What's next</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="53efc-159">Add new users to Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-159">Add new users to Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-create-users.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="53efc-160">Administering Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-160">Administering Azure AD</span></span>](active-directory-administer.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="53efc-161">Manage passwords in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-161">Manage passwords in Azure AD</span></span>](active-directory-manage-passwords.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="53efc-162">Manage groups in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="53efc-162">Manage groups in Azure AD</span></span>](active-directory-manage-groups.md)
