---
title: Azure Active Directory hybrid identity design considerations- next steps| Microsoft Docs
description: A synopsis and next steps after you have read the Hybrid Identity design considerations guide
documentationcenter: ''
services: active-directory
author: billmath
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 02d48768-ea9e-4bfe-ae54-b54c4bd0a789
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 02/14/2017
ms.author: billmath
ms.openlocfilehash: ba0d31a8f718cc5577fe779061db2144d4295cbb
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44563121"
---
# <a name="azure-active-directory-hybrid-identity-design-considerations--next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b749-103">Azure Active Directory hybrid identity design considerations- next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-103">Azure Active Directory hybrid identity design considerations- next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b749-104">Now that you’ve completed defining your requirements and examining all the options for your mobile device management solution, you’re ready to take the next steps for deploying the supporting infrastructure that’s right for you and your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-104">Now that you’ve completed defining your requirements and examining all the options for your mobile device management solution, you’re ready to take the next steps for deploying the supporting infrastructure that’s right for you and your organization.</span></span>

## <a name="hybrid-identity-solutions"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b749-105">Hybrid identity solutions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-105">Hybrid identity solutions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b749-106">-Leveraging specific solution scenarios that fit your needs is a great way to review and plan for the details of deploying a mobile device management infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-106">-Leveraging specific solution scenarios that fit your needs is a great way to review and plan for the details of deploying a mobile device management infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b749-107">The following solutions outline several of the most common mobile device management scenarios:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-107">The following solutions outline several of the most common mobile device management scenarios:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1b749-108">The [manage mobile devices and PCs in enterprise environments solution](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn582037.aspx) helps you manage mobile devices by extending your on-premises System Center 2012 Configuration Manager infrastructure into the cloud with Microsoft Intune.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-108">The [manage mobile devices and PCs in enterprise environments solution](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn582037.aspx) helps you manage mobile devices by extending your on-premises System Center 2012 Configuration Manager infrastructure into the cloud with Microsoft Intune.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b749-109">This hybrid infrastructure helps IT Pros in medium and large environments enable BYOD and remote access while reducing administrative complexity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-109">This hybrid infrastructure helps IT Pros in medium and large environments enable BYOD and remote access while reducing administrative complexity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1b749-110">The [managing mobile devices for Configuration Manager 2007 solution](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn508400.aspx) helps you manage mobile devices when your infrastructure rests on a System Center Configuration Manager 2007.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-110">The [managing mobile devices for Configuration Manager 2007 solution](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn508400.aspx) helps you manage mobile devices when your infrastructure rests on a System Center Configuration Manager 2007.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b749-111">This solution shows you how to set up a single server running System Center 2012 Configuration Manager so you can then run Microsoft Intune and take advantage of its MDM ability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-111">This solution shows you how to set up a single server running System Center 2012 Configuration Manager so you can then run Microsoft Intune and take advantage of its MDM ability.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1b749-112">The [managing mobile devices in small environments solution](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn715906.aspx) is intended for small businesses that need to support MDM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-112">The [managing mobile devices in small environments solution](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn715906.aspx) is intended for small businesses that need to support MDM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b749-113">It explains how to use Microsoft Intune to extend your current infrastructure to support mobile device management and BYOD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-113">It explains how to use Microsoft Intune to extend your current infrastructure to support mobile device management and BYOD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b749-114">This solution describes the simplest scenario supported for using Microsoft Intune in a standalone, cloud-only configuration with no local servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-114">This solution describes the simplest scenario supported for using Microsoft Intune in a standalone, cloud-only configuration with no local servers.</span></span>

## <a name="hybrid-identity-documentation"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b749-115">Hybrid identity documentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-115">Hybrid identity documentation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b749-116">Conceptual and procedural planning, deployment, and administration content are useful when implementing your mobile device management solution:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-116">Conceptual and procedural planning, deployment, and administration content are useful when implementing your mobile device management solution:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1b749-117">[Microsoft System Center](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc507089.aspx) solutions can help you capture and aggregate knowledge about your infrastructure, policies, processes, and best practices so that your IT staff can build manageable systems and automate operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-117">[Microsoft System Center](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc507089.aspx) solutions can help you capture and aggregate knowledge about your infrastructure, policies, processes, and best practices so that your IT staff can build manageable systems and automate operations.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1b749-118">[Microsoft Intune](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj676587.aspx) is a cloud-based device management service that helps you to manage your computers and mobile devices and to secure your company’s information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-118">[Microsoft Intune](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj676587.aspx) is a cloud-based device management service that helps you to manage your computers and mobile devices and to secure your company’s information.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1b749-119">[MDM for Office 365](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ms.o365.cc.devicepolicy.aspx) allows you to manage and secure mobile devices when they're connected to your Office 365 organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-119">[MDM for Office 365](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ms.o365.cc.devicepolicy.aspx) allows you to manage and secure mobile devices when they're connected to your Office 365 organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b749-120">You can use MDM for Office 365 to set device security policies and access rules, and to wipe mobile devices if they’re lost or stolen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-120">You can use MDM for Office 365 to set device security policies and access rules, and to wipe mobile devices if they’re lost or stolen.</span></span>

## <a name="hybrid-identity-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b749-121">Hybrid identity resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-121">Hybrid identity resources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1b749-122">Monitoring the following resources often provides the latest news and updates on mobile device management solutions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-122">Monitoring the following resources often provides the latest news and updates on mobile device management solutions:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="1b749-123">Microsoft Enterprise Mobility blog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-123">Microsoft Enterprise Mobility blog</span></span>](http://blogs.technet.com/b/enterprisemobility/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1b749-124">Microsoft In The Cloud blog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-124">Microsoft In The Cloud blog</span></span>](http://blogs.technet.com/b/in_the_cloud/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1b749-125">Microsoft Intune blog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-125">Microsoft Intune blog</span></span>](http://blogs.technet.com/b/microsoftintune/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1b749-126">Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager blog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-126">Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager blog</span></span>](http://blogs.technet.com/b/configurationmgr/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1b749-127">Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager Team blog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-127">Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager Team blog</span></span>](http://blogs.technet.com/b/configmgrteam/)

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b749-128">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-128">See also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="1b749-129">Design considerations overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b749-129">Design considerations overview</span></span>](active-directory-hybrid-identity-design-considerations-overview.md)

