---
title: Assigning administrator roles in Azure Active Directory | Microsoft Docs
description: Explains what administrator roles are available with Azure Active Directory and how to assign them.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 7fc27e8e-b55f-4194-9b8f-2e95705fb731
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/07/2017
ms.author: femila
ms.openlocfilehash: e8d3eb7e336383eb639e55656b26d881e8c2adb0
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553820"
---
# <a name="assigning-administrator-roles-in-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-103">Assigning administrator roles in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-103">Assigning administrator roles in Azure Active Directory</span></span>
> [!div class="op_single_selector"]
> * [Azure portal](active-directory-assign-admin-roles-azure-portal.md)
> * [Azure classic portal](active-directory-assign-admin-roles.md)
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-106">Using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), you can designate separate administrators to serve different functions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-106">Using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), you can designate separate administrators to serve different functions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-107">These administrators will have access to various features in the Azure portal or Azure classic portal and, depending on their role, will be able to create or edit users, assign administrative roles to others, reset user passwords, manage user licenses, and manage domains, among other things.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-107">These administrators will have access to various features in the Azure portal or Azure classic portal and, depending on their role, will be able to create or edit users, assign administrative roles to others, reset user passwords, manage user licenses, and manage domains, among other things.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-108">A user who is assigned an admin role will have the same permissions across all of the cloud services that your organization has subscribed to, regardless of whether you assign the role in the Office 365 portal, or in the Azure classic portal, or by using the Azure AD module for Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-108">A user who is assigned an admin role will have the same permissions across all of the cloud services that your organization has subscribed to, regardless of whether you assign the role in the Office 365 portal, or in the Azure classic portal, or by using the Azure AD module for Windows PowerShell.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-109">The following administrator roles are available:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-109">The following administrator roles are available:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-110">**Billing Administrator**: Makes purchases, manages subscriptions, manages support tickets, and monitors service health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-110">**Billing Administrator**: Makes purchases, manages subscriptions, manages support tickets, and monitors service health.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-111">**Compliance Administrator**:Users with this role have management permissions within in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center and Exchange Admin Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-111">**Compliance Administrator**:Users with this role have management permissions within in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center and Exchange Admin Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-112">More information at “[About Office 365 admin roles](https://microsoft.sharepoint.com/teams/adiamteam/_layouts/15/WopiFrame.aspx?sourcedoc={dae8d6f3-5990-46a2-b12b-4c0e561bc7cc}&action=view&wdAccPdf=1).”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-112">More information at “[About Office 365 admin roles](https://microsoft.sharepoint.com/teams/adiamteam/_layouts/15/WopiFrame.aspx?sourcedoc={dae8d6f3-5990-46a2-b12b-4c0e561bc7cc}&action=view&wdAccPdf=1).”</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-113">**CRM Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft CRM Online, when the service is present, as well as the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-113">**CRM Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft CRM Online, when the service is present, as well as the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-114">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-114">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-115">**Device Administrators**: Users with this role become local machine administrators on all Windows 10 devices that are joined to Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-115">**Device Administrators**: Users with this role become local machine administrators on all Windows 10 devices that are joined to Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-116">They do not have the ability to manage devices objects in Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-116">They do not have the ability to manage devices objects in Azure Active Directory.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-117">**Directory Readers**: This is a legacy role that is to be assigned to applications that do not support the [Consent Framework](active-directory-integrating-applications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-117">**Directory Readers**: This is a legacy role that is to be assigned to applications that do not support the [Consent Framework](active-directory-integrating-applications.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-118">It should not be assigned to any users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-118">It should not be assigned to any users.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-119">**Directory Synchronization Accounts**: Do not use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-119">**Directory Synchronization Accounts**: Do not use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-120">This role is automatically assigned to the Azure AD Connect service, and is not intended or supported for any other use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-120">This role is automatically assigned to the Azure AD Connect service, and is not intended or supported for any other use.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-121">**Directory Writers**: This is a legacy role that is to be assigned to applications that do not support the [Consent Framework](active-directory-integrating-applications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-121">**Directory Writers**: This is a legacy role that is to be assigned to applications that do not support the [Consent Framework](active-directory-integrating-applications.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-122">It should not be assigned to any users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-122">It should not be assigned to any users.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-123">**Exchange Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Exchange Online, when the service is present.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-123">**Exchange Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Exchange Online, when the service is present.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-124">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-124">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-125">**Global Administrator / Company Administrator**: Users with this role have access to all administrative features in Azure Active Directory, as well as services that federate to Azure Active Directory like Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, and Skype for Business Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-125">**Global Administrator / Company Administrator**: Users with this role have access to all administrative features in Azure Active Directory, as well as services that federate to Azure Active Directory like Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, and Skype for Business Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-126">The person who signs up for the Azure Active Directory tenant becomes a global administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-126">The person who signs up for the Azure Active Directory tenant becomes a global administrator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-127">Only global administrators can assign other administrator roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-127">Only global administrators can assign other administrator roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-128">There can be more than one global administrator at your company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-128">There can be more than one global administrator at your company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-129">Global admins can reset the password for any user and all other administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-129">Global admins can reset the password for any user and all other administrators.</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > In Microsoft Graph API, Azure AD Graph API, and Azure AD PowerShell, this role is identified as "Company Administrator". It is "Global Administrator" in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).
  >
  >

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-132">**Guest Inviter**: Users in this role can manage Azure Active Directory B2B guest user invitations when the “Members can invite” user setting is set to No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-132">**Guest Inviter**: Users in this role can manage Azure Active Directory B2B guest user invitations when the “Members can invite” user setting is set to No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-133">More information about B2B collaboration at [About the Azure AD B2B collaboration preview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/active-directory-b2b-what-is-azure-ad-b2b).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-133">More information about B2B collaboration at [About the Azure AD B2B collaboration preview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/active-directory-b2b-what-is-azure-ad-b2b).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-134">It does not include any other permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-134">It does not include any other permissions.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-135">**Intune Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Intune Online, when the service is present.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-135">**Intune Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Intune Online, when the service is present.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-136">Additionally, this role contains the ability to manage users and devices in order to associate policy, as well as create and manage groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-136">Additionally, this role contains the ability to manage users and devices in order to associate policy, as well as create and manage groups.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-137">**Mailbox Administrator**: This role is only used as part of Exchange Online email support for RIM Blackberry devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-137">**Mailbox Administrator**: This role is only used as part of Exchange Online email support for RIM Blackberry devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-138">If your organization does not use Exchange Online email on RIM Blackberry devices, do not use this role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-138">If your organization does not use Exchange Online email on RIM Blackberry devices, do not use this role.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-139">**Partner Tier 1 Support**: Do not use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-139">**Partner Tier 1 Support**: Do not use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-140">This role has been deprecated and will be removed from Azure AD in the future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-140">This role has been deprecated and will be removed from Azure AD in the future.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-141">This role is intended for use by a small number of Microsoft resale partners, and is not intended for general use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-141">This role is intended for use by a small number of Microsoft resale partners, and is not intended for general use.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-142">**Partner Tier 2 Support**: Do not use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-142">**Partner Tier 2 Support**: Do not use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-143">This role has been deprecated and will be removed from Azure AD in the future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-143">This role has been deprecated and will be removed from Azure AD in the future.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-144">This role is intended for use by a small number of Microsoft resale partners, and is not intended for general use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-144">This role is intended for use by a small number of Microsoft resale partners, and is not intended for general use.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-145">**Password Administrator / Helpdesk Administrator**: Users with this role can reset passwords, manage service requests, and monitor service health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-145">**Password Administrator / Helpdesk Administrator**: Users with this role can reset passwords, manage service requests, and monitor service health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-146">Password administrators can reset passwords only for users and other password administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-146">Password administrators can reset passwords only for users and other password administrators.</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > In Microsoft Graph API, Azure AD Graph API and Azure AD PowerShell, this role is identified as "Helpdesk Administrator". It is "Password Administrator" in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/).
  >
  >
  
* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-149">**Power BI Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Power BI, when the service is present, as well as the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-149">**Power BI Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Power BI, when the service is present, as well as the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-150">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d?ui=en-US&rs=en-001&ad=US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-150">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d?ui=en-US&rs=en-001&ad=US).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-151">**Privileged Role Administrator**: Users with this role can manage role assignments in Azure Active Directory, as well as within Azure AD Privileged Identity Management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-151">**Privileged Role Administrator**: Users with this role can manage role assignments in Azure Active Directory, as well as within Azure AD Privileged Identity Management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-152">In addition, this role allows management of all aspects of Privileged Identity Management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-152">In addition, this role allows management of all aspects of Privileged Identity Management.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-153">**Security Administrator**: Users with this role have all of the read-only permissions of the Security reader role, plus the ability to manage configuration for security-related services: Azure Active Directory Identity Protection, Privileged Identity Management, and Office 365 Security & Compliance Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-153">**Security Administrator**: Users with this role have all of the read-only permissions of the Security reader role, plus the ability to manage configuration for security-related services: Azure Active Directory Identity Protection, Privileged Identity Management, and Office 365 Security & Compliance Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-154">More information about Office 365 permissions is available at [Permissions in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Permissions-in-the-Office-365-Security-Compliance-Center-d10608af-7934-490a-818e-e68f17d0e9c1).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-154">More information about Office 365 permissions is available at [Permissions in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Permissions-in-the-Office-365-Security-Compliance-Center-d10608af-7934-490a-818e-e68f17d0e9c1).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-155">**Security Reader**: Users with this role have global read-only access, including all information in Azure Active Directory, Identity Protection, Privileged Identity Management, as well as the ability to read Azure Active Directory sign-in reports and audit logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-155">**Security Reader**: Users with this role have global read-only access, including all information in Azure Active Directory, Identity Protection, Privileged Identity Management, as well as the ability to read Azure Active Directory sign-in reports and audit logs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-156">The role also grants read-only permission in Office 365 Security & Compliance Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-156">The role also grants read-only permission in Office 365 Security & Compliance Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-157">More information about Office 365 permissions is available at [Permissions in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Permissions-in-the-Office-365-Security-Compliance-Center-d10608af-7934-490a-818e-e68f17d0e9c1).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-157">More information about Office 365 permissions is available at [Permissions in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Permissions-in-the-Office-365-Security-Compliance-Center-d10608af-7934-490a-818e-e68f17d0e9c1).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-158">**Service Support Administrator**: Users with this role can open support requests with Microsoft for Azure and Office 365 services, and views the service dashboard and message center in the Azure portal and Office 365 admin portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-158">**Service Support Administrator**: Users with this role can open support requests with Microsoft for Azure and Office 365 services, and views the service dashboard and message center in the Azure portal and Office 365 admin portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-159">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-159">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-160">**SharePoint Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft SharePoint Online, when the service is present, as well as the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-160">**SharePoint Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft SharePoint Online, when the service is present, as well as the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-161">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-161">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-162">**Skype for Business / Lync Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Skype for Business, when the service is present, as well as manage Skype-specific user attributes in Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-162">**Skype for Business / Lync Service Administrator**: Users with this role have global permissions within Microsoft Skype for Business, when the service is present, as well as manage Skype-specific user attributes in Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-163">Additionally, this role grants the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-163">Additionally, this role grants the ability to manage support tickets and monitor service health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-164">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-164">More information at [About Office 365 admin roles](https://support.office.com/article/About-Office-365-admin-roles-da585eea-f576-4f55-a1e0-87090b6aaa9d).</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > In Microsoft Graph API, Azure AD Graph API and Azure AD PowerShell, this role is identified as "Lync Service Administrator". It is "Skype for Business Service Administrator" in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/).
  >
  >

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-167">**User Account Administrator**: Users with this role can create and manage all aspects of users and groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-167">**User Account Administrator**: Users with this role can create and manage all aspects of users and groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-168">Additionally, this role includes the ability to manage support tickets and monitors service health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-168">Additionally, this role includes the ability to manage support tickets and monitors service health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-169">Some restrictions apply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-169">Some restrictions apply.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-170">For example, this role does not allow deleting a global administrator, and while it does allow changing passwords for non-admins, it does not allow changing passwords for global administrators or other privileged administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-170">For example, this role does not allow deleting a global administrator, and while it does allow changing passwords for non-admins, it does not allow changing passwords for global administrators or other privileged administrators.</span></span>

## <a name="administrator-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-171">Administrator permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-171">Administrator permissions</span></span>

### <a name="billing-administrator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-172">Billing administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-172">Billing administrator</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-173">Can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-173">Can do</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-174">Cannot do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-174">Cannot do</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
|<p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-175">View company and user information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-175">View company and user information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-176">Manage Office support tickets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-176">Manage Office support tickets</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-177">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-177">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span></span></p> |<p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-178">Reset user passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-178">Reset user passwords</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-179">Create and manage user views</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-179">Create and manage user views</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-180">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-180">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-181">Manage domains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-181">Manage domains</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-182">Manage company information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-182">Manage company information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-183">Delegate administrative roles to others</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-183">Delegate administrative roles to others</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-184">Use directory synchronization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-184">Use directory synchronization</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-185">View audit logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-185">View audit logs</span></span></p>|

### <a name="global-administrator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-186">Global administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-186">Global administrator</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-187">Can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-187">Can do</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-188">Cannot do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-188">Cannot do</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
| <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-189">View company and user information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-189">View company and user information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-190">Manage Office support tickets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-190">Manage Office support tickets</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-191">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-191">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-192">Reset user passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-192">Reset user passwords</span></span></p>
<p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-193">Reset other administrator’s passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-193">Reset other administrator’s passwords</span></span></p> <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-194">Create and manage user views</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-194">Create and manage user views</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-195">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-195">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-196">Manage domains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-196">Manage domains</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-197">Manage company information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-197">Manage company information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-198">Delegate administrative roles to others</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-198">Delegate administrative roles to others</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-199">Use directory synchronization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-199">Use directory synchronization</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-200">Enable or disable multi-factor authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-200">Enable or disable multi-factor authentication</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-201">View audit logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-201">View audit logs</span></span></p> |<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-202">N/A</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-202">N/A</span></span> |

### <a name="password-administrator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-203">Password administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-203">Password administrator</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-204">Can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-204">Can do</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-205">Cannot do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-205">Cannot do</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
| <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-206">View company and user information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-206">View company and user information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-207">Manage Office support tickets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-207">Manage Office support tickets</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-208">Reset user passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-208">Reset user passwords</span></span></p> <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-209">Reset other administrator’s passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-209">Reset other administrator’s passwords</span></span></p>|<p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-210">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-210">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-211">Create and manage user views</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-211">Create and manage user views</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-212">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-212">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-213">Manage domains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-213">Manage domains</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-214">Manage company information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-214">Manage company information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-215">Delegate administrative roles to others</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-215">Delegate administrative roles to others</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-216">Use directory synchronization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-216">Use directory synchronization</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-217">View reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-217">View reports</span></span></p>|

### <a name="service-administrator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-218">Service administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-218">Service administrator</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-219">Can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-219">Can do</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-220">Cannot do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-220">Cannot do</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
| <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-221">View company and user information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-221">View company and user information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-222">Manage Office support tickets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-222">Manage Office support tickets</span></span></p> |<p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-223">Reset user passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-223">Reset user passwords</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-224">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-224">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-225">Create and manage user views</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-225">Create and manage user views</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-226">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-226">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-227">Manage domains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-227">Manage domains</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-228">Manage company information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-228">Manage company information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-229">Delegate administrative roles to others</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-229">Delegate administrative roles to others</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-230">Use directory synchronization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-230">Use directory synchronization</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-231">View audit logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-231">View audit logs</span></span></p> |

### <a name="user-administrator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-232">User administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-232">User administrator</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-233">Can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-233">Can do</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-234">Cannot do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-234">Cannot do</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
| <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-235">View company and user information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-235">View company and user information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-236">Manage Office support tickets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-236">Manage Office support tickets</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-237">Reset user passwords, with limitations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-237">Reset user passwords, with limitations.</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-238">Reset other administrator’s passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-238">Reset other administrator’s passwords</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-239">Reset other users' passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-239">Reset other users' passwords</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-240">Create and manage user views</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-240">Create and manage user views</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-241">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses, with limitations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-241">Create, edit, and delete users and groups, and manage user licenses, with limitations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-242">He or she cannot delete a global administrator or create other administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-242">He or she cannot delete a global administrator or create other administrators.</span></span></p> |<p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-243">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-243">Perform billing and purchasing operations for Office products</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-244">Manage domains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-244">Manage domains</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-245">Manage company information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-245">Manage company information</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-246">Delegate administrative roles to others</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-246">Delegate administrative roles to others</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-247">Use directory synchronization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-247">Use directory synchronization</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-248">Enable or disable multi-factor authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-248">Enable or disable multi-factor authentication</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-249">View audit logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-249">View audit logs</span></span></p> |

### <a name="security-reader"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-250">Security Reader</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-250">Security Reader</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-251">In</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-251">In</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-252">Can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-252">Can do</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-253">Identity Protection Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-253">Identity Protection Center</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-254">Read all security reports and settings information for security features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-254">Read all security reports and settings information for security features</span></span><ul><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-255">Anti-spam</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-255">Anti-spam</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-256">Encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-256">Encryption</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-257">Data loss prevention</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-257">Data loss prevention</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-258">Anti-malware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-258">Anti-malware</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-259">Advanced threat protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-259">Advanced threat protection</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-260">Anti-phishing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-260">Anti-phishing</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-261">Mailflow rules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-261">Mailflow rules</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-262">Privileged Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-262">Privileged Identity Management</span></span> |<p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-263">Has read-only access to all information surfaced in Azure AD PIM: Policies and reports for Azure AD role assignments, security reviews and in the future read access to policy data and reports for scenarios besides Azure AD role assignment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-263">Has read-only access to all information surfaced in Azure AD PIM: Policies and reports for Azure AD role assignments, security reviews and in the future read access to policy data and reports for scenarios besides Azure AD role assignment.</span></span><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-264">**Cannot** sign up for Azure AD PIM or make any changes to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-264">**Cannot** sign up for Azure AD PIM or make any changes to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-265">In PIM's portal or via PowerShell, someone in this role can activate additional roles (for example, Global Admin or Privileged Role Administrator), if the user is a candidate for them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-265">In PIM's portal or via PowerShell, someone in this role can activate additional roles (for example, Global Admin or Privileged Role Administrator), if the user is a candidate for them.</span></span> |
| <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-266">Monitor Office 365 Service Health</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-266">Monitor Office 365 Service Health</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-267">Office 365 Security & Compliance Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-267">Office 365 Security & Compliance Center</span></span></p> |<ul><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-268">Read and manage alerts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-268">Read and manage alerts</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-269">Read security policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-269">Read security policies</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-270">Read threat intelligence, Cloud App Discovery, and Quarantine in Search and Investigate</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-270">Read threat intelligence, Cloud App Discovery, and Quarantine in Search and Investigate</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-271">Read all reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-271">Read all reports</span></span> |

### <a name="security-administrator"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-272">Security Administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-272">Security Administrator</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-273">In</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-273">In</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-274">Can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-274">Can do</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-275">Identity Protection Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-275">Identity Protection Center</span></span> |<ul><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-276">All permissions of the Security Reader role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-276">All permissions of the Security Reader role.</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-277">Additionally, the ability to perform all IPC operations except for resetting passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-277">Additionally, the ability to perform all IPC operations except for resetting passwords.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-278">Privileged Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-278">Privileged Identity Management</span></span> |<ul><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-279">All permissions of the Security Reader role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-279">All permissions of the Security Reader role.</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-280">**Cannot** manage Azure AD role memberships or settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-280">**Cannot** manage Azure AD role memberships or settings.</span></span> |
| <p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-281">Monitor Office 365 Service Health</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-281">Monitor Office 365 Service Health</span></span></p><p><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-282">Office 365 Security & Compliance Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-282">Office 365 Security & Compliance Center</span></span> |<ul><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-283">All permissions of the Security Reader role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-283">All permissions of the Security Reader role.</span></span><li><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-284">Can configure all settings in the Advanced Threat Protection feature (malware & virus protection, malicious URL config, URL tracing, etc.).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-284">Can configure all settings in the Advanced Threat Protection feature (malware & virus protection, malicious URL config, URL tracing, etc.).</span></span> |

## <a name="details-about-the-global-administrator-role"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-285">Details about the global administrator role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-285">Details about the global administrator role</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-286">The global administrator has access to all administrative features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-286">The global administrator has access to all administrative features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-287">By default, the person who signs up for an Azure subscription is assigned the global administrator role for the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-287">By default, the person who signs up for an Azure subscription is assigned the global administrator role for the directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-288">Only global administrators can assign other administrator roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-288">Only global administrators can assign other administrator roles.</span></span>

## <a name="assign-or-remove-administrator-roles"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-289">Assign or remove administrator roles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-289">Assign or remove administrator roles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-290">To learn how to assign administrative roles to a user in Azure Active Directory, see [Assign a user to administrator roles in Azure Active Directory preview](active-directory-users-assign-role-azure-portal.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-290">To learn how to assign administrative roles to a user in Azure Active Directory, see [Assign a user to administrator roles in Azure Active Directory preview](active-directory-users-assign-role-azure-portal.md).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="d7a80-291">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-291">Next steps</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-292">To learn more about how to change administrators for an Azure subscription, see [How to add or change Azure administrator roles](../billing-add-change-azure-subscription-administrator.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-292">To learn more about how to change administrators for an Azure subscription, see [How to add or change Azure administrator roles](../billing-add-change-azure-subscription-administrator.md)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-293">To learn more about how resource access is controlled in Microsoft Azure, see [Understanding resource access in Azure](active-directory-understanding-resource-access.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-293">To learn more about how resource access is controlled in Microsoft Azure, see [Understanding resource access in Azure](active-directory-understanding-resource-access.md)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d7a80-294">For more information on how Azure Active Directory relates to your Azure subscription, see [How Azure subscriptions are associated with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-how-subscriptions-associated-directory.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-294">For more information on how Azure Active Directory relates to your Azure subscription, see [How Azure subscriptions are associated with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-how-subscriptions-associated-directory.md)</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-295">Manage users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-295">Manage users</span></span>](active-directory-create-users.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-296">Manage passwords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-296">Manage passwords</span></span>](active-directory-manage-passwords.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="d7a80-297">Manage groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d7a80-297">Manage groups</span></span>](active-directory-manage-groups.md)
