---
title: Automated SaaS App User Provisioning in Azure AD | Microsoft Docs
description: An introduction to how you can use Azure AD to automatically provision, de-provision, and continuously update user accounts across multiple third-party SaaS applications.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: asmalser-msft
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 58c5fa2d-bb33-4fba-8742-4441adf2cb62
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 02/09/2016
ms.author: asmalser
ms.openlocfilehash: 39714145f84f5f9229dbf4bbe136103d4d102bed
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554503"
---
# <a name="automate-user-provisioning-and-deprovisioning-to-saas-applications-with-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="880ed-103">Automate User Provisioning and Deprovisioning to SaaS Applications with Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-103">Automate User Provisioning and Deprovisioning to SaaS Applications with Azure Active Directory</span></span>
## <a name="what-is-automated-user-provisioning-for-saas-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="880ed-104">What is Automated User Provisioning for SaaS Apps?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-104">What is Automated User Provisioning for SaaS Apps?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="880ed-105">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) allows you to automate the creation, maintenance, and removal of user identities in cloud ([SaaS](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-saas/)) applications such as Dropbox, Salesforce, ServiceNow, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-105">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) allows you to automate the creation, maintenance, and removal of user identities in cloud ([SaaS](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-saas/)) applications such as Dropbox, Salesforce, ServiceNow, and more.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-106">**Below are some examples of what this feature allows you to do:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-106">**Below are some examples of what this feature allows you to do:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-107">Automatically create new accounts in the right SaaS apps for new people when they join your team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-107">Automatically create new accounts in the right SaaS apps for new people when they join your team.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-108">Automatically deactivate accounts from SaaS apps when people inevitably leave the team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-108">Automatically deactivate accounts from SaaS apps when people inevitably leave the team.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-109">Ensure that the identities in your SaaS apps are kept up to date based on changes in the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-109">Ensure that the identities in your SaaS apps are kept up to date based on changes in the directory.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-110">Provision non-user objects, such as groups, to SaaS apps that support them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-110">Provision non-user objects, such as groups, to SaaS apps that support them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-111">**Automated user provisioning also includes the following functionality:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-111">**Automated user provisioning also includes the following functionality:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-112">The ability to match existing identities between Azure AD and SaaS apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-112">The ability to match existing identities between Azure AD and SaaS apps.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-113">Customization options to help Azure AD fit the current configurations of the SaaS apps that your organization is currently using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-113">Customization options to help Azure AD fit the current configurations of the SaaS apps that your organization is currently using.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-114">Optional email alerts for provisioning errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-114">Optional email alerts for provisioning errors.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-115">Reporting and activity logs to help with monitoring and troubleshooting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-115">Reporting and activity logs to help with monitoring and troubleshooting.</span></span>

## <a name="why-use-automated-provisioning"></a><span data-ttu-id="880ed-116">Why Use Automated Provisioning?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-116">Why Use Automated Provisioning?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="880ed-117">Some common motivations for using this feature include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-117">Some common motivations for using this feature include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-118">To avoid the costs, inefficiencies, and human error associated with manual provisioning processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-118">To avoid the costs, inefficiencies, and human error associated with manual provisioning processes.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-119">To secure your organization by instantly removing users' identities from key SaaS apps when they leave the organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-119">To secure your organization by instantly removing users' identities from key SaaS apps when they leave the organization.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-120">To easily import a bulk number of users into a particular SaaS application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-120">To easily import a bulk number of users into a particular SaaS application.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="880ed-121">To enjoy the convenience of having your provisioning solution run off of the same app access policies that you defined for Azure AD Single Sign-On.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-121">To enjoy the convenience of having your provisioning solution run off of the same app access policies that you defined for Azure AD Single Sign-On.</span></span>

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="880ed-122">Frequently Asked Questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-122">Frequently Asked Questions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="880ed-123">**How frequently does Azure AD write directory changes to the SaaS app?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-123">**How frequently does Azure AD write directory changes to the SaaS app?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-124">Azure AD checks for changes every five to ten minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-124">Azure AD checks for changes every five to ten minutes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-125">If the SaaS app is returning several errors (such as in the case of invalid admin credentials), then Azure AD will gradually slow its frequency to up to once per day until the errors are fixed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-125">If the SaaS app is returning several errors (such as in the case of invalid admin credentials), then Azure AD will gradually slow its frequency to up to once per day until the errors are fixed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-126">**How long will it take to provision my users?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-126">**How long will it take to provision my users?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-127">Incremental changes happen nearly instantly but if you are trying to provision most of your directory, then it depends on the number of users and groups that you have.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-127">Incremental changes happen nearly instantly but if you are trying to provision most of your directory, then it depends on the number of users and groups that you have.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-128">Small directories take only a few minutes, medium-sized directories may take several minutes, and very large directories may take several hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-128">Small directories take only a few minutes, medium-sized directories may take several minutes, and very large directories may take several hours.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-129">**How can I track the progress of the current provisioning job?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-129">**How can I track the progress of the current provisioning job?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-130">You can review the Account Provisioning Report under the Reports section of your directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-130">You can review the Account Provisioning Report under the Reports section of your directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-131">Another option is to visit the Dashboard tab for the SaaS application that you are provisioning to, and look under the "Integration Status" section near the bottom of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-131">Another option is to visit the Dashboard tab for the SaaS application that you are provisioning to, and look under the "Integration Status" section near the bottom of the page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-132">**How will I know if users fail to get provisioned properly?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-132">**How will I know if users fail to get provisioned properly?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-133">At the end of the provisioning configuration wizard there is an option to subscribe to email notifications for provisioning failures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-133">At the end of the provisioning configuration wizard there is an option to subscribe to email notifications for provisioning failures.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-134">You can also check the Provisioning Errors Report to see which users failed to be provisioned and why.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-134">You can also check the Provisioning Errors Report to see which users failed to be provisioned and why.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-135">**Can Azure AD write changes from the SaaS app back to the directory?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-135">**Can Azure AD write changes from the SaaS app back to the directory?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-136">For most SaaS apps, provisioning is outbound-only, which means that users are written from the directory to the application, and changes from the application cannot be written back to the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-136">For most SaaS apps, provisioning is outbound-only, which means that users are written from the directory to the application, and changes from the application cannot be written back to the directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-137">For [Workday](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn762434.aspx), however, provisioning is inbound-only, which means that that users are imported into the directory from Workday, and likewise, changes in the directory do not get written back into Workday.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-137">For [Workday](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn762434.aspx), however, provisioning is inbound-only, which means that that users are imported into the directory from Workday, and likewise, changes in the directory do not get written back into Workday.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-138">**How can I submit feedback to the engineering team?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-138">**How can I submit feedback to the engineering team?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-139">Please contact us through the [Azure Active Directory feedback forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/169401-azure-active-directory/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-139">Please contact us through the [Azure Active Directory feedback forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/169401-azure-active-directory/).</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-automated-provisioning-work"></a><span data-ttu-id="880ed-140">How Does Automated Provisioning Work?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-140">How Does Automated Provisioning Work?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="880ed-141">Azure AD provisions users to SaaS apps by connecting to provisioning endpoints provided by each application vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-141">Azure AD provisions users to SaaS apps by connecting to provisioning endpoints provided by each application vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-142">These endpoints allow Azure AD to programmatically create, update, and remove users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-142">These endpoints allow Azure AD to programmatically create, update, and remove users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-143">Below is a brief overview of the different steps that Azure AD takes to automate provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-143">Below is a brief overview of the different steps that Azure AD takes to automate provisioning.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="880ed-144">When you enable provisioning for an application for the first time, the following actions are performed:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-144">When you enable provisioning for an application for the first time, the following actions are performed:</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="880ed-145">Azure AD will attempt to match any existing users in the SaaS app with their corresponding identities in the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-145">Azure AD will attempt to match any existing users in the SaaS app with their corresponding identities in the directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-146">When a user is matched, they are *not* automatically enabled for single sign-on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-146">When a user is matched, they are *not* automatically enabled for single sign-on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-147">In order for a user to have access to the application, they must be explicitly assigned to the app in Azure AD, either directly or via group membership.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-147">In order for a user to have access to the application, they must be explicitly assigned to the app in Azure AD, either directly or via group membership.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="880ed-148">If you have already specified which users should be assigned to the application, and if Azure AD fails to find existing accounts for those users, Azure AD will provision new accounts for them in the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-148">If you have already specified which users should be assigned to the application, and if Azure AD fails to find existing accounts for those users, Azure AD will provision new accounts for them in the application.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="880ed-149">Once the initial synchronization has been completed as described above, Azure AD will check every 10 minutes for the following changes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-149">Once the initial synchronization has been completed as described above, Azure AD will check every 10 minutes for the following changes:</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="880ed-150">If new users have been assigned to the application (either directly or through group membership), then they will be provisioned a new account in the SaaS app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-150">If new users have been assigned to the application (either directly or through group membership), then they will be provisioned a new account in the SaaS app.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="880ed-151">If a user's access has been removed, then their account in the SaaS app will be marked as disabled (users are never fully deleted, which protects you from data loss in the event of a misconfiguration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-151">If a user's access has been removed, then their account in the SaaS app will be marked as disabled (users are never fully deleted, which protects you from data loss in the event of a misconfiguration).</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="880ed-152">If a user was recently assigned to the application and they already had an account in the SaaS app, that account will be marked as enabled, and certain user properties may be updated if they are out-of-date compared to the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-152">If a user was recently assigned to the application and they already had an account in the SaaS app, that account will be marked as enabled, and certain user properties may be updated if they are out-of-date compared to the directory.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="880ed-153">If a user's information (such as phone number, office location, etc) has been changed in the directory, then that information will also be updated in the SaaS application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-153">If a user's information (such as phone number, office location, etc) has been changed in the directory, then that information will also be updated in the SaaS application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-154">For more information on how attributes are mapped between Azure AD and your SaaS app, see the article on [Customizing Attribute Mappings](active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-154">For more information on how attributes are mapped between Azure AD and your SaaS app, see the article on [Customizing Attribute Mappings](active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings.md).</span></span>

## <a name="list-of-apps-that-support-automated-user-provisioning"></a><span data-ttu-id="880ed-155">List of Apps that Support Automated User Provisioning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-155">List of Apps that Support Automated User Provisioning</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="880ed-156">All of the "Featured" apps in the Azure AD application gallery support automated user provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-156">All of the "Featured" apps in the Azure AD application gallery support automated user provisioning.</span></span> [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-157">The list of featured apps can be viewed here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-157">The list of featured apps can be viewed here.</span></span>](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/category/azure-active-directory-apps?page=1&subcategories=featured)

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-158">In order for an application to support automated user provisioning, it must first provide the necessary endpoints that allow for external programs to automate the creation, maintenance, and removal of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-158">In order for an application to support automated user provisioning, it must first provide the necessary endpoints that allow for external programs to automate the creation, maintenance, and removal of users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-159">Therefore, not all SaaS apps are compatible with this feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-159">Therefore, not all SaaS apps are compatible with this feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880ed-160">For apps that do support this, the Azure AD engineering team will then be able to build a provisioning connector to those apps, and this work is prioritized by the needs of current and prospective customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-160">For apps that do support this, the Azure AD engineering team will then be able to build a provisioning connector to those apps, and this work is prioritized by the needs of current and prospective customers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880ed-161">To contact the Azure AD engineering team to request provisioning support for additional applications, please submit a message through the [Azure Active Directory feedback forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/374982-azure-active-directory-application-requests/category/172035-user-provisioning).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-161">To contact the Azure AD engineering team to request provisioning support for additional applications, please submit a message through the [Azure Active Directory feedback forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/374982-azure-active-directory-application-requests/category/172035-user-provisioning).</span></span>

## <a name="related-articles"></a><span data-ttu-id="880ed-162">Related Articles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-162">Related Articles</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-163">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-163">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-apps-index.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-164">Customizing Attribute Mappings for User Provisioning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-164">Customizing Attribute Mappings for User Provisioning</span></span>](active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-165">Writing Expressions for Attribute Mappings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-165">Writing Expressions for Attribute Mappings</span></span>](active-directory-saas-writing-expressions-for-attribute-mappings.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-166">Scoping Filters for User Provisioning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-166">Scoping Filters for User Provisioning</span></span>](active-directory-saas-scoping-filters.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-167">Using SCIM to enable automatic provisioning of users and groups from Azure Active Directory to applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-167">Using SCIM to enable automatic provisioning of users and groups from Azure Active Directory to applications</span></span>](active-directory-scim-provisioning.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-168">Account Provisioning Notifications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-168">Account Provisioning Notifications</span></span>](active-directory-saas-account-provisioning-notifications.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="880ed-169">List of Tutorials on How to Integrate SaaS Apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880ed-169">List of Tutorials on How to Integrate SaaS Apps</span></span>](active-directory-saas-tutorial-list.md)

