---
title: Conditional access device policies for Office 365 services | Microsoft Docs
description: Details on how device-based conditions control access to Office 365 services. While Information Workers (IWs) want to access Office 365 services like Exchange and SharePoint Online at work or school from their personal devices, their IT admin wants the access to be secure.IT admins can provision conditional access device policies to secure corporate resources, while at the same time allowing IWs on compliant devices to access the services.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: femila
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 8664c0bb-bba1-4012-b321-e9c8363080a0
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/22/2017
ms.author: markvi
ms.openlocfilehash: 3764389626735e8b372fd678842350c6da9b383a
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555676"
---
# <a name="conditional-access-device-policies-for-office-365-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="3004f-104">Conditional access device policies for Office 365 services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-104">Conditional access device policies for Office 365 services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3004f-105">The term, “Conditional access” has many conditions associated with it such as multi-factor authenticated user, authenticated device, compliant device etc. This topic primarily focusses on device-based conditions to control access to Office 365 services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-105">The term, “Conditional access” has many conditions associated with it such as multi-factor authenticated user, authenticated device, compliant device etc. This topic primarily focusses on device-based conditions to control access to Office 365 services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-106">While Information Workers (IWs) want to access Office 365 services like Exchange and SharePoint Online at work or school from their personal devices, their IT admin wants the access to be secure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-106">While Information Workers (IWs) want to access Office 365 services like Exchange and SharePoint Online at work or school from their personal devices, their IT admin wants the access to be secure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-107">IT admins can provision conditional access device policies to secure corporate resources, while at the same time allowing IWs on compliant devices to access the services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-107">IT admins can provision conditional access device policies to secure corporate resources, while at the same time allowing IWs on compliant devices to access the services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-108">Conditional access policies to Office 365 may be configured from Microsoft Intune conditional access portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-108">Conditional access policies to Office 365 may be configured from Microsoft Intune conditional access portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3004f-109">Azure Active Directory enforces conditional access policies to secure access to Office 365 services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-109">Azure Active Directory enforces conditional access policies to secure access to Office 365 services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-110">A tenant admin can create a conditional access policy that blocks a user on a non-compliant device from accessing an O365 service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-110">A tenant admin can create a conditional access policy that blocks a user on a non-compliant device from accessing an O365 service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-111">The user must conform to company’s device policies before access can be granted to the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-111">The user must conform to company’s device policies before access can be granted to the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-112">Alternately, the admin can also create a policy that requires users to just enroll their devices to gain access to an O365 service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-112">Alternately, the admin can also create a policy that requires users to just enroll their devices to gain access to an O365 service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-113">Policies may be applied to all users of an organization, or limited to a few target groups and enhanced over time to include additional target groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-113">Policies may be applied to all users of an organization, or limited to a few target groups and enhanced over time to include additional target groups.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3004f-114">A prerequisite for enforcing device policies is for users to register their devices with Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-114">A prerequisite for enforcing device policies is for users to register their devices with Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-115">You can opt to enable Multi-factor authentication (MFA) for registering devices with Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-115">You can opt to enable Multi-factor authentication (MFA) for registering devices with Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-116">MFA is recommended for Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-116">MFA is recommended for Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-117">When MFA is enabled, users registering their devices with Azure Active Directory Device Registration service are challenged for second factor authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-117">When MFA is enabled, users registering their devices with Azure Active Directory Device Registration service are challenged for second factor authentication.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-conditional-access-policy-work"></a><span data-ttu-id="3004f-118">How does conditional access policy work?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-118">How does conditional access policy work?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3004f-119">When a user requests access to O365 service from a supported device platform, Azure Active Directory authenticates the user and device from which the user launches the request; and grants access to the service only when the user conforms to the policy set for the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-119">When a user requests access to O365 service from a supported device platform, Azure Active Directory authenticates the user and device from which the user launches the request; and grants access to the service only when the user conforms to the policy set for the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-120">Users that do not have their device enrolled are given remedial instructions on how to enroll and become compliant to access corporate O365 services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-120">Users that do not have their device enrolled are given remedial instructions on how to enroll and become compliant to access corporate O365 services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-121">Users on iOS and Android devices will be required to enroll their devices using Company Portal application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-121">Users on iOS and Android devices will be required to enroll their devices using Company Portal application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-122">When a user enrolls his/her device, the device is registered with Azure Active Directory, and enrolled for device management and compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-122">When a user enrolls his/her device, the device is registered with Azure Active Directory, and enrolled for device management and compliance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-123">Customers must use the Azure Active Directory Device Registration service in conjunction with Microsoft Intune to enable mobile device management for Office 365 service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-123">Customers must use the Azure Active Directory Device Registration service in conjunction with Microsoft Intune to enable mobile device management for Office 365 service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-124">Device enrollment is a pre-requisite for users to access Office 365 services when device policies are enforced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-124">Device enrollment is a pre-requisite for users to access Office 365 services when device policies are enforced.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3004f-125">When a user enrolls his/her device successfully, the device becomes trusted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-125">When a user enrolls his/her device successfully, the device becomes trusted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-126">Azure Active Directory provides Single-Sign-On to access company applications and enforces conditional access policy to grant access to a service not only the first time the user requests access, but every time the user requests to renew access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-126">Azure Active Directory provides Single-Sign-On to access company applications and enforces conditional access policy to grant access to a service not only the first time the user requests access, but every time the user requests to renew access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-127">The user will be denied access to services when sign-in credentials are changed, device is lost/stolen, or the policy is not met at the time of request for renewal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-127">The user will be denied access to services when sign-in credentials are changed, device is lost/stolen, or the policy is not met at the time of request for renewal.</span></span>

## <a name="deployment-considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="3004f-128">Deployment Considerations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-128">Deployment Considerations:</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3004f-129">Must use Azure Active Directory Device Registration service for device registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-129">Must use Azure Active Directory Device Registration service for device registration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3004f-130">When users are to be authenticated on premises, Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) (1.0 and above) is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-130">When users are to be authenticated on premises, Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) (1.0 and above) is required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-131">Multi-Factor Authentication for Workplace Join will fail when the identity provider is not capable of multi-factor authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-131">Multi-Factor Authentication for Workplace Join will fail when the identity provider is not capable of multi-factor authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-132">For example, AD FS 2.0 is not multi-factor authentication-capable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-132">For example, AD FS 2.0 is not multi-factor authentication-capable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-133">Tenant admin must ensure that the on-premises AD FS is MFA capable and a valid MFA method is enabled, before enabling MFA on Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-133">Tenant admin must ensure that the on-premises AD FS is MFA capable and a valid MFA method is enabled, before enabling MFA on Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-134">For example, AD FS on Windows Server 2012 R2 has MFA capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-134">For example, AD FS on Windows Server 2012 R2 has MFA capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-135">You must also enable an additional valid authentication (MFA) method on the AD FS server before enabling MFA on Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-135">You must also enable an additional valid authentication (MFA) method on the AD FS server before enabling MFA on Azure Active Directory Device Registration service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-136">For more information on supported MFA methods in AD FS, see Configure Additional Authentication Methods for AD FS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-136">For more information on supported MFA methods in AD FS, see Configure Additional Authentication Methods for AD FS.</span></span>

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="3004f-137">Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-137">Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3004f-138">Q: What is the default exclusion policy for unsupported device platforms?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-138">Q: What is the default exclusion policy for unsupported device platforms?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3004f-139">A: At the present time, conditional access policies are selectively enforced on users on iOS and Android devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-139">A: At the present time, conditional access policies are selectively enforced on users on iOS and Android devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-140">Applications on other device platforms are, by default, unaffected by the conditional access policy for iOS and Android devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-140">Applications on other device platforms are, by default, unaffected by the conditional access policy for iOS and Android devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-141">Tenant admin may, however, choose to override the global policy to disallow access to users on unsupported platforms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-141">Tenant admin may, however, choose to override the global policy to disallow access to users on unsupported platforms.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3004f-142">It is on the roadmap to extend conditional access policy to users on other platforms, including Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-142">It is on the roadmap to extend conditional access policy to users on other platforms, including Windows.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3004f-143">Q: When will conditional access policy to Office 365 services be extended to Browser based apps (for example, OWA, browser-based SharePoint).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-143">Q: When will conditional access policy to Office 365 services be extended to Browser based apps (for example, OWA, browser-based SharePoint).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3004f-144">A: At the present time, conditional access to Office365 services is limited to rich applications on device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-144">A: At the present time, conditional access to Office365 services is limited to rich applications on device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3004f-145">It is on the roadmap to extend conditional access policy to users accessing the services from browsers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3004f-145">It is on the roadmap to extend conditional access policy to users accessing the services from browsers.</span></span>

