---
title: Azure Authenticator for Android | Microsoft Docs
description: Microsoft Azure Authenticator app can be used to sign-in to access work resources. The Azure Authenticator app notifies you of a pending two-factor verification request by displaying an alert to your mobile device.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: femila
manager: swadhwa
editor: ''
ms.assetid: b7ceca0d-5c9d-45c4-942c-b3a9b6bad36c
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/22/2017
ms.author: femila
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
ms.openlocfilehash: 5e644779ea7bf648cb692724107b4b8c24b594ad
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554296"
---
# <a name="azure-authenticator-for-android"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-104">Azure Authenticator for Android</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-104">Azure Authenticator for Android</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-105">Your IT administrator may have recommended you to use the Microsoft Azure Authenticator to sign-in to access your work resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-105">Your IT administrator may have recommended you to use the Microsoft Azure Authenticator to sign-in to access your work resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-106">This application provides these two sign-in options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-106">This application provides these two sign-in options:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fe134-107">Multi-Factor Authentication allows you to secure your work or school accounts with two-step verification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-107">Multi-Factor Authentication allows you to secure your work or school accounts with two-step verification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-108">You sign-in using something you know (for example, your password) and protect the account even further with something you have (a security key from this app).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-108">You sign-in using something you know (for example, your password) and protect the account even further with something you have (a security key from this app).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-109">The Azure Authenticator app notifies you of a pending two-factor verification request by displaying an alert to your mobile device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-109">The Azure Authenticator app notifies you of a pending two-factor verification request by displaying an alert to your mobile device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-110">You need to simply view the request in the app and tap verify or cancel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-110">You need to simply view the request in the app and tap verify or cancel.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-111">Alternately, you may be prompted to enter the passcode displayed in the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-111">Alternately, you may be prompted to enter the passcode displayed in the app.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe134-112">Work Account allows you to turn your Android phone or tablet into a trusted device and provide Single Sign-On (SSO) to company applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-112">Work Account allows you to turn your Android phone or tablet into a trusted device and provide Single Sign-On (SSO) to company applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-113">Your IT administrator may require you to add a work account in order to access company resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-113">Your IT administrator may require you to add a work account in order to access company resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-114">SSO lets you sign in once and automatically avail of signing in across all applications your company has made available to you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-114">SSO lets you sign in once and automatically avail of signing in across all applications your company has made available to you.</span></span>

## <a name="installing-the-azure-authenticator-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-115">Installing the Azure Authenticator app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-115">Installing the Azure Authenticator app</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-116">You can install the Azure Authenticator app from Google Play Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-116">You can install the Azure Authenticator app from Google Play Store.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-117">The instructions to add work account from Samsung Android device vs a non-Samsung Android device are slightly different.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-117">The instructions to add work account from Samsung Android device vs a non-Samsung Android device are slightly different.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-118">The instructions for both are listed below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-118">The instructions for both are listed below.</span></span>

## <a name="adding-the-work-account-from-samsung-android-device"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-119">Adding the work account from Samsung Android device</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-119">Adding the work account from Samsung Android device</span></span>
### <a name="adding-the-work-account-through-the-app-home-screen"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-120">Adding the work account through the app home screen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-120">Adding the work account through the app home screen</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-121">The following instructions are applicable to Samsung GS3 and above phones or Note2 and above tablets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-121">The following instructions are applicable to Samsung GS3 and above phones or Note2 and above tablets.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-122">On the home screen of the app, accept the end user license agreement (EULA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-122">On the home screen of the app, accept the end user license agreement (EULA).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-123">On the Activate Account screen, click the context menu on the right and select **Work account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-123">On the Activate Account screen, click the context menu on the right and select **Work account**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-124">On the Add Account screen, select\*\* Work Account\*\*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-124">On the Add Account screen, select\*\* Work Account\*\*.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-125">On Activate device administrator screen, click **Activate**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-125">On Activate device administrator screen, click **Activate**.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-126">On the Privacy Policy screen, select the checkbox and click **Confirm**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-126">On the Privacy Policy screen, select the checkbox and click **Confirm**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-127">On the Workplace Join screen, enter the userID provided by your organization and click **Join**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-127">On the Workplace Join screen, enter the userID provided by your organization and click **Join**.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-128">To sign in to the Azure Authenticator app, enter your organizational a\*\*\*\*ccount and password and click **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-128">To sign in to the Azure Authenticator app, enter your organizational a\*\*\*\*ccount and password and click **Sign in**.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-129">The next screen that displays information about multi-factor authentication (MFA) is for added security and is optional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-129">The next screen that displays information about multi-factor authentication (MFA) is for added security and is optional.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-130">You will see this screen if your work or school requires second-factor authentication for creating work account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-130">You will see this screen if your work or school requires second-factor authentication for creating work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-131">It provides instructions to further verify your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-131">It provides instructions to further verify your account.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-132">The Workplace Join screen displays the message, “**Joining your workplace**”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-132">The Workplace Join screen displays the message, “**Joining your workplace**”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-133">The Azure authenticator app is attempting to join your device to your workplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-133">The Azure authenticator app is attempting to join your device to your workplace.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-134">You should see the Workplace Joined message on the next screen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-134">You should see the Workplace Joined message on the next screen.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-135">You are allowed a single work account on your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-135">You are allowed a single work account on your device.</span></span>
> 
> 

### <a name="adding-the-work-account-from-the-settings-menu"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-136">Adding the work account from the settings menu</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-136">Adding the work account from the settings menu</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-137">After you have installed the Azure Authenticator app, you can also create a work account from the Android Account Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-137">After you have installed the Azure Authenticator app, you can also create a work account from the Android Account Manager.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-138">From the Settings menu, navigate to **Accounts** and click **Add Account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-138">From the Settings menu, navigate to **Accounts** and click **Add Account**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-139">Follow steps 3-10 in the procedure, Adding the work account through the app home screen, to add a work account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-139">Follow steps 3-10 in the procedure, Adding the work account through the app home screen, to add a work account.</span></span>

## <a name="adding-the-work-account-from-a-non-samsung-android-device"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-140">Adding the work account from a non-Samsung Android device</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-140">Adding the work account from a non-Samsung Android device</span></span>
### <a name="adding-the-work-account-through-the-app-home-screen"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-141">Adding the work account through the app home screen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-141">Adding the work account through the app home screen</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-142">On the home screen of the app, accept the end user license agreement (EULA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-142">On the home screen of the app, accept the end user license agreement (EULA).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-143">On the Activate Account screen, click the context menu on the right and select **Work account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-143">On the Activate Account screen, click the context menu on the right and select **Work account**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-144">On the Accounts screen, click **Add Account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-144">On the Accounts screen, click **Add Account**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-145">If you see the Accounts screen, click **Add account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-145">If you see the Accounts screen, click **Add account**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-146">If a work account is already created previously, you will see a Sync screen showing the existing work account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-146">If a work account is already created previously, you will see a Sync screen showing the existing work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-147">You can retain the work account by simply tapping the back arrow to the home screen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-147">You can retain the work account by simply tapping the back arrow to the home screen.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-148">Alternately, you can select the account to remove and recreate a new work account On the Workplace Join screen, enter the userID provided by your organization and click Join.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-148">Alternately, you can select the account to remove and recreate a new work account On the Workplace Join screen, enter the userID provided by your organization and click Join.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-149">To sign in to the Azure Authenticator app, enter your organizational account and password and click **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-149">To sign in to the Azure Authenticator app, enter your organizational account and password and click **Sign in**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-150">The next screen that displays information about multi-factor authentication (MFA) is for added security and is optional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-150">The next screen that displays information about multi-factor authentication (MFA) is for added security and is optional.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-151">You will see this screen if your work or school requires second-factor authentication for creating work account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-151">You will see this screen if your work or school requires second-factor authentication for creating work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-152">It provides instructions to further verify your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-152">It provides instructions to further verify your account.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-153">Click **OK** on the next screen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-153">Click **OK** on the next screen.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-154">Do not change the certificate name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-154">Do not change the certificate name.</span></span>
   <span data-ttu-id="fe134-155">the message, “Joining your workplace”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-155">the message, “Joining your workplace”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-156">The Azure authenticator app is attempting to join your device to your workplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-156">The Azure authenticator app is attempting to join your device to your workplace.</span></span>
   <span data-ttu-id="fe134-157">You should see the Workplace Joined message on the next screen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-157">You should see the Workplace Joined message on the next screen.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-158">You are allowed a single work account on your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-158">You are allowed a single work account on your device.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="fe134-159">After you have installed the Azure Authenticator app, you can also create a work account from the Android Account Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-159">After you have installed the Azure Authenticator app, you can also create a work account from the Android Account Manager.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-160">From the **Settings** menu, navigate to Accounts and click **Add Account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-160">From the **Settings** menu, navigate to Accounts and click **Add Account**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-161">Follow steps 2-7 in the procedure, Adding the work account through the app home screen\*\*, to add a work account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-161">Follow steps 2-7 in the procedure, Adding the work account through the app home screen\*\*, to add a work account.</span></span>

### <a name="how-to-find-out-which-version-is-installed"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-162">How to find out which version is installed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-162">How to find out which version is installed</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-163">You can find out which version of the Azure Authenticator app and associated service versions are installed on your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-163">You can find out which version of the Azure Authenticator app and associated service versions are installed on your device.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-164">From the pop up menu, click **About**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-164">From the pop up menu, click **About**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-165">The About screen displays the services of the app and the versions installed on your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-165">The About screen displays the services of the app and the versions installed on your device.</span></span>

### <a name="sending-log-files-to-report-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-166">Sending log files to report issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-166">Sending log files to report issues</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-167">Follow the guidance on Microsoft Support to report an incident with the Azure Authenticator app, obtain an incident number, and send log files against the assigned incident number as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-167">Follow the guidance on Microsoft Support to report an incident with the Azure Authenticator app, obtain an incident number, and send log files against the assigned incident number as follows:</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-168">From the pop up menu, click **Logging**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-168">From the pop up menu, click **Logging**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-169">If you have an open incident with Microsoft Support, make note of the incident number (you'll need it for a later step).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-169">If you have an open incident with Microsoft Support, make note of the incident number (you'll need it for a later step).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-170">If you have not already created a support incident and would like assistance, follow the guidance at [Microsoft Support](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/contactus) to open a new incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-170">If you have not already created a support incident and would like assistance, follow the guidance at [Microsoft Support](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/contactus) to open a new incident.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-171">On the logging screen, click **Send Now**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-171">On the logging screen, click **Send Now**.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-172">Select the email provider you want to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-172">Select the email provider you want to use.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-173">If you already have an open incident Microsoft Support, contact the Support Engineer assigned to your issue to find out how to send the log data and have it associated with your incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-173">If you already have an open incident Microsoft Support, contact the Support Engineer assigned to your issue to find out how to send the log data and have it associated with your incident.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-174">The Support Engineer will provide you with information for the email address and subject line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-174">The Support Engineer will provide you with information for the email address and subject line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-175">If you do not already have a support incident, please follow the guidance at Microsoft Support to open a new incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-175">If you do not already have a support incident, please follow the guidance at Microsoft Support to open a new incident.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-176">Edit the **To** line and **Subject** line with the information you have received from Microsoft Support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-176">Edit the **To** line and **Subject** line with the information you have received from Microsoft Support.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-177">The Azure Authenticator app attaches the log file to the email you are sending.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-177">The Azure Authenticator app attaches the log file to the email you are sending.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-178">Describe the problem you are experiencing, update recipient list (optional), and send the email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-178">Describe the problem you are experiencing, update recipient list (optional), and send the email.</span></span>

### <a name="deleting-the-work-account-and-leaving-your-workplace"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-179">Deleting the work account and leaving your workplace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-179">Deleting the work account and leaving your workplace</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-180">You can remove the work account you created at any time as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-180">You can remove the work account you created at any time as follows:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe134-181">**To delete the work account from the Settings menu**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-181">**To delete the work account from the Settings menu**</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-182">From the accounts manager, select **Work account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-182">From the accounts manager, select **Work account**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-183">On the Work Account screen, in **General Settings**, select **Account Settings – Leave your workplace network**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-183">On the Work Account screen, in **General Settings**, select **Account Settings – Leave your workplace network**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-184">Select **Leave** on the **Workplace Join** screen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-184">Select **Leave** on the **Workplace Join** screen.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-185">Click **OK** when the message “Are you sure you want to leave workplace” is displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-185">Click **OK** when the message “Are you sure you want to leave workplace” is displayed.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-186">This ensures that you have deleted your work account from your workplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-186">This ensures that you have deleted your work account from your workplace.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-187">It is recommended that you do not use the Remove Account option to delete a work account as this option might not work in some earlier versions of Android.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-187">It is recommended that you do not use the Remove Account option to delete a work account as this option might not work in some earlier versions of Android.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="uninstalling-the-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-188">Uninstalling the app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-188">Uninstalling the app</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-189">On a Samsung Android device, device administrator privileges must be removed as follows prior to uninstalling the</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-189">On a Samsung Android device, device administrator privileges must be removed as follows prior to uninstalling the</span></span> 

1. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-190">From **Settings**, under **System**, select **Security**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-190">From **Settings**, under **System**, select **Security**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fe134-191">Within D**evice Administration**, click **Device administrators**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-191">Within D**evice Administration**, click **Device administrators**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-192">Ensure that the check box next to **Azure Authenticator** is cleared.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-192">Ensure that the check box next to **Azure Authenticator** is cleared.</span></span>

## <a name="troubleshooting"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe134-193">Troubleshooting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-193">Troubleshooting</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe134-194">If you see the  **Keystore Error**, this could be because you don’t have the lock screen set up with a PIN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-194">If you see the  **Keystore Error**, this could be because you don’t have the lock screen set up with a PIN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe134-195">To work around this issue, uninstall the Azure Authenticator app, configure a PIN for your lock screen, and reinstall the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe134-195">To work around this issue, uninstall the Azure Authenticator app, configure a PIN for your lock screen, and reinstall the app.</span></span>

