---
title: Problem configuring password single sign-on for an Azure AD Gallery application | Microsoft Docs
description: Understand the common problems people face when configuring Password Single Sign-on for applications that are already listed in the Azure AD Application Gallery
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: ajamess
manager: femila
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/04/2017
ms.author: asteen
ms.openlocfilehash: 89066bc142cfc3217fe4315075b9075133b45428
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44672126"
---
# <a name="problem-configuring-password-single-sign-on-for-an-azure-ad-gallery-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7772-103">Problem configuring password single sign-on for an Azure AD Gallery application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-103">Problem configuring password single sign-on for an Azure AD Gallery application</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-104">This article help you to understand the common problems people face when configuring **Password Single Sign-on** with an Azure AD Gallery application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-104">This article help you to understand the common problems people face when configuring **Password Single Sign-on** with an Azure AD Gallery application.</span></span>

## <a name="credentials-are-filled-in-but-the-extension-does-not-submit-them"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7772-105">Credentials are filled in, but the extension does not submit them</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-105">Credentials are filled in, but the extension does not submit them</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-106">This typically happens if the application vendor has changed their sign in page recently to add a field, change an underlying identifier we used to detect the username and password fields, or modify how the sign in experience works for their application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-106">This typically happens if the application vendor has changed their sign in page recently to add a field, change an underlying identifier we used to detect the username and password fields, or modify how the sign in experience works for their application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-107">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-107">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-108">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when these integrations break, but sometimes we are not able to find these issues right away, or they take some time to fix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-108">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when these integrations break, but sometimes we are not able to find these issues right away, or they take some time to fix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-109">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, we would appreciate if you opened a support case so we can fix it as quickly as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-109">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, we would appreciate if you opened a support case so we can fix it as quickly as possible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-110">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-110">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-111">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-111">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="credentials-are-filled-in-and-submitted-but-the-page-indicates-the-credentials-are-incorrect"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7772-112">Credentials are filled in and submitted, but the page indicates the credentials are incorrect</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-112">Credentials are filled in and submitted, but the page indicates the credentials are incorrect</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-113">To resolve this issue, first check the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-113">To resolve this issue, first check the following:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f7772-114">Have the user first try to **sign in to the application website directly** with the credentials stored for them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-114">Have the user first try to **sign in to the application website directly** with the credentials stored for them.</span></span>

  * <span data-ttu-id="f7772-115">If that works, then have the user click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-115">If that works, then have the user click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="f7772-116">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-116">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f7772-117">If the user assigned their own credentials, have the user **check to be sure that their password has not expired in the application** and if so, **update their expired password** by signing in to the application directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-117">If the user assigned their own credentials, have the user **check to be sure that their password has not expired in the application** and if so, **update their expired password** by signing in to the application directly.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="f7772-118">After the password has been updated in the application, request the user to click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-118">After the password has been updated in the application, request the user to click the **Update credentials** button on the **Application Tile** in the **Apps** section of the [Application Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com/) to update them to the latest known working username and password.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="f7772-119">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-119">If you, or another administrator assigned the credentials for this user, find the user or group’s application assignment by navigating to the **Users & Groups** tab of the application, selecting the assignment and clicking the **Update Credentials** button.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f7772-120">Have the user update the access panel browser extension by following the steps below in the [How to install the Access Panel Browser extension](#how-to-install-the-access-panel-browser-extension) section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-120">Have the user update the access panel browser extension by following the steps below in the [How to install the Access Panel Browser extension](#how-to-install-the-access-panel-browser-extension) section.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f7772-121">Ensure that the access panel browser extension is running and enabled in your user’s browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-121">Ensure that the access panel browser extension is running and enabled in your user’s browser.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f7772-122">Ensure that your users are not trying to sign in to the application from the access panel while in **incognito, inPrivate, or Private mode**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-122">Ensure that your users are not trying to sign in to the application from the access panel while in **incognito, inPrivate, or Private mode**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-123">The access panel extension is not supported in these modes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-123">The access panel extension is not supported in these modes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-124">In case this does not work, it could be the case that a change has occurred on the application side which has temporarily broken the application’s integration with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-124">In case this does not work, it could be the case that a change has occurred on the application side which has temporarily broken the application’s integration with Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-125">For example, this can occur when the application vendor introduces a script on their page which behaves differently for manual vs automated input, which causes automated integration, like our own, to break.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-125">For example, this can occur when the application vendor introduces a script on their page which behaves differently for manual vs automated input, which causes automated integration, like our own, to break.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-126">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-126">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-127">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when these integrations break, but sometimes we are not able to find these issues right away, or they take some time to fix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-127">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when these integrations break, but sometimes we are not able to find these issues right away, or they take some time to fix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-128">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, we would appreciate if you opened a support case so we can fix it as quickly as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-128">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, we would appreciate if you opened a support case so we can fix it as quickly as possible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-129">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-129">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-130">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-130">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="the-extension-works-in-chrome-and-firefox-but-not-in-internet-explorer"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7772-131">The extension works in Chrome and Firefox, but not in Internet Explorer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-131">The extension works in Chrome and Firefox, but not in Internet Explorer</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-132">There are two main causes to this issue:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-132">There are two main causes to this issue:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f7772-133">Depending on the security settings enabled in Internet Explorer, if the website is not part of a **Trusted Zone**, sometimes our script be blocked from executing for the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-133">Depending on the security settings enabled in Internet Explorer, if the website is not part of a **Trusted Zone**, sometimes our script be blocked from executing for the application.</span></span>

  *  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-134">To resolve this, instruct the user to **Add the application’s website** to the **Trusted Sites** list within their **Internet Explorer security settings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-134">To resolve this, instruct the user to **Add the application’s website** to the **Trusted Sites** list within their **Internet Explorer security settings**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-135">You can send your users to the [How to add a site to my trusted sites list](https://answers.microsoft.com/ie/forum/ie9-windows_7/how-do-i-add-a-site-to-my-trusted-sites-list/98cc77c8-b364-e011-8dfc-68b599b31bf5) article for detailed instructions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-135">You can send your users to the [How to add a site to my trusted sites list](https://answers.microsoft.com/ie/forum/ie9-windows_7/how-do-i-add-a-site-to-my-trusted-sites-list/98cc77c8-b364-e011-8dfc-68b599b31bf5) article for detailed instructions.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f7772-136">In rare circumstances, Internet Explorer’s security validation can sometimes cause the page to load more slowly than the execution of our script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-136">In rare circumstances, Internet Explorer’s security validation can sometimes cause the page to load more slowly than the execution of our script.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="f7772-137">Unfortunately, this situation can vary depending on the browser version, computer speed, or site visited.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-137">Unfortunately, this situation can vary depending on the browser version, computer speed, or site visited.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-138">In this case, we suggest that you contact support so we can fix the integration for this specific application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-138">In this case, we suggest that you contact support so we can fix the integration for this specific application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-139">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-139">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-140">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-140">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="check-if-the-applications-login-page-has-changed-recently-or-requires-an-additional-field"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7772-141">Check if the application’s login page has changed recently or requires an additional field</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-141">Check if the application’s login page has changed recently or requires an additional field</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-142">If the application’s login page has changed drastically, sometimes this causes our integrations to break.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-142">If the application’s login page has changed drastically, sometimes this causes our integrations to break.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-143">An example of this is when an application vendor adds a sign in field, a captcha, or multi-factor authentication to their experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-143">An example of this is when an application vendor adds a sign in field, a captcha, or multi-factor authentication to their experiences.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-144">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-144">Fortunately, in many instances, Microsoft can work with application vendors to rapidly resolve these issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-145">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when these integrations break, but sometimes we are not able to find these issues right away.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-145">While Microsoft has technologies to automatically detect when these integrations break, but sometimes we are not able to find these issues right away.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-146">Otherwise they take some time to fix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-146">Otherwise they take some time to fix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-147">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, we would appreciate opening a support case so we can fix it as quickly as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-147">In the case when one of these integrations does not work correctly, we would appreciate opening a support case so we can fix it as quickly as possible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-148">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-148">In addition to this, **if you are in contact with this application’s vendor,** **send them our way** so we can work with them to natively integrate their application with Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-149">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-149">You can send the vendor to the [Listing your application in the Azure Active Directory application gallery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-app-gallery-listing) to get them started.</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-install-the-access-panel-browser-extension"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7772-150">How to install the Access Panel Browser extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-150">How to install the Access Panel Browser extension</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-151">To install the Access Panel Browser extension, follow the steps below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-151">To install the Access Panel Browser extension, follow the steps below:</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-152">Open the [Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com) in one of the supported browsers and sign in as a **user** in your Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-152">Open the [Access Panel](https://myapps.microsoft.com) in one of the supported browsers and sign in as a **user** in your Azure AD.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-153">click a **password-SSO application** in the Access Panel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-153">click a **password-SSO application** in the Access Panel.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-154">In the prompt asking to install the software, select **Install Now**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-154">In the prompt asking to install the software, select **Install Now**.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-155">Based on your browser you be directed to the download link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-155">Based on your browser you be directed to the download link.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7772-156">**Add** the extension to your browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-156">**Add** the extension to your browser.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-157">If your browser asks, select to either **Enable** or **Allow** the extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-157">If your browser asks, select to either **Enable** or **Allow** the extension.</span></span>

6.  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-158">Once installed, **restart** your browser session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-158">Once installed, **restart** your browser session.</span></span>

7.  <span data-ttu-id="f7772-159">Sign in into the Access Panel and see if you can **launch** your password-SSO applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-159">Sign in into the Access Panel and see if you can **launch** your password-SSO applications</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7772-160">You may also download the extension for Chrome and Firefox from the direct links below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-160">You may also download the extension for Chrome and Firefox from the direct links below:</span></span>

-   [<span data-ttu-id="f7772-161">Chrome Access Panel Extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-161">Chrome Access Panel Extension</span></span>](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/access-panel-extension/ggjhpefgjjfobnfoldnjipclpcfbgbhl)

-   [<span data-ttu-id="f7772-162">Firefox Access Panel Extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-162">Firefox Access Panel Extension</span></span>](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/access-panel-extension/)

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7772-163">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-163">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="f7772-164">Provide single sign-on to your apps with Application Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7772-164">Provide single sign-on to your apps with Application Proxy</span></span>](active-directory-application-proxy-sso-using-kcd.md)

