---
title: Problem configuring user provisioning to an Azure AD Gallery application | Microsoft Docs
description: How to troubleshoot common issues faced when configuring user provisioning to an application already listed in the Azure AD Application Gallery
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: ajamess
manager: femila
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/04/2017
ms.author: asteen
ms.openlocfilehash: d31d22b42a08f96ea46cd3515c6f622c18655ec7
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556629"
---
# <a name="problem-configuring-user-provisioning-to-an-azure-ad-gallery-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-103">Problem configuring user provisioning to an Azure AD Gallery application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-103">Problem configuring user provisioning to an Azure AD Gallery application</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-104">Configuring [automatic user provisioning](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-app-provisioning) for an app (where supported), requires that specific instructions be followed to prepare the application for automatic provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-104">Configuring [automatic user provisioning](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-app-provisioning) for an app (where supported), requires that specific instructions be followed to prepare the application for automatic provisioning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-105">Then you can use the Azure portal to configure the provisioning service to synchronize user accounts to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-105">Then you can use the Azure portal to configure the provisioning service to synchronize user accounts to the application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-106">You should always start by finding the setup tutorial specific to setting up provisioning for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-106">You should always start by finding the setup tutorial specific to setting up provisioning for your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-107">Then follow those steps to configure both the app and Azure AD to create the provisioning connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-107">Then follow those steps to configure both the app and Azure AD to create the provisioning connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-108">A list of app tutorials can be found at [List of Tutorials on How to Integrate SaaS Apps with Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-tutorial-list).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-108">A list of app tutorials can be found at [List of Tutorials on How to Integrate SaaS Apps with Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-tutorial-list).</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-see-if-provisioning-is-working"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-109">How to see if provisioning is working</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-109">How to see if provisioning is working</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-110">Once the service is configured, most insights into the operation of the service can be drawn from two places:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-110">Once the service is configured, most insights into the operation of the service can be drawn from two places:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-111">**Audit logs** – The provisioning audit logs record all the operations performed by the provisioning service, including querying Azure AD for assigned users that are in scope for provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-111">**Audit logs** – The provisioning audit logs record all the operations performed by the provisioning service, including querying Azure AD for assigned users that are in scope for provisioning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-112">Query the target app for the existence of those users, comparing the user objects between the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-112">Query the target app for the existence of those users, comparing the user objects between the system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-113">Then add, update, or disable the user account in the target system based on the comparison.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-113">Then add, update, or disable the user account in the target system based on the comparison.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-114">The provisioning audit logs can be accessed in the Azure portal, in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt; Audit Logs** tab. Filter the logs on the **Account Provisioning** category to only see the provisioning events for that app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-114">The provisioning audit logs can be accessed in the Azure portal, in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt; Audit Logs** tab. Filter the logs on the **Account Provisioning** category to only see the provisioning events for that app.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-115">**Provisioning status –** A summary of the last provisioning run for a given app can be seen in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt;Provisioning** section, at the bottom of the screen under the service settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-115">**Provisioning status –** A summary of the last provisioning run for a given app can be seen in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt;Provisioning** section, at the bottom of the screen under the service settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-116">This section summarizes how many users (and/or groups) are currently being synchronized between the two systems, and if there are any errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-116">This section summarizes how many users (and/or groups) are currently being synchronized between the two systems, and if there are any errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-117">Error details be in the audit logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-117">Error details be in the audit logs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-118">Note that the provisioning status not be populated until one full initial synchronization has been completed between Azure AD and the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-118">Note that the provisioning status not be populated until one full initial synchronization has been completed between Azure AD and the app.</span></span>

## <a name="general-problem-areas-with-provisioning-to-consider"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-119">General problem areas with provisioning to consider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-119">General problem areas with provisioning to consider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-120">Below is a list of the general problem areas that you can drill into if you have an idea of where to start.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-120">Below is a list of the general problem areas that you can drill into if you have an idea of where to start.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-121">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-121">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span></span>](#provisioning-service-does-not-appear-to-start)
* [<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-122">Can’t save configuration due to app credentials not working</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-122">Can’t save configuration due to app credentials not working</span></span>](#can’t-save-configuration-due-to-app-credentials-not-working)
* [<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-123">Audit logs say users are “skipped” and not provisioned, even though they are assigned</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-123">Audit logs say users are “skipped” and not provisioned, even though they are assigned</span></span>](#audit-logs-say-users-are-skipped-and-not-provisioned-even-though-they-are-assigned)

## <a name="provisioning-service-does-not-appear-to-start"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-124">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-124">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-125">If you set the **Provisioning Status** to be **On** in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt;Provisioning** section of the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-125">If you set the **Provisioning Status** to be **On** in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt;Provisioning** section of the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-126">However no other status details are shown on that page after subsequent reloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-126">However no other status details are shown on that page after subsequent reloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-127">It is likely that the service is running but has not completed an initial synchronization yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-127">It is likely that the service is running but has not completed an initial synchronization yet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-128">Check the **Audit logs** described above to determine what operations the service is performing, and if there are any errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-128">Check the **Audit logs** described above to determine what operations the service is performing, and if there are any errors.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-129">An initial sync can take anywhere from 20 minutes to several hours, depending on the size of the Azure AD directory and the number of users in scope for provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-129">An initial sync can take anywhere from 20 minutes to several hours, depending on the size of the Azure AD directory and the number of users in scope for provisioning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-130">Subsequent syncs after the initial sync be faster, as the provisioning service stores watermarks that represent the state of both systems after the initial sync, improving performance of subsequent syncs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-130">Subsequent syncs after the initial sync be faster, as the provisioning service stores watermarks that represent the state of both systems after the initial sync, improving performance of subsequent syncs.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="cant-save-configuration-due-to-app-credentials-not-working"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-131">Can’t save configuration due to app credentials not working</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-131">Can’t save configuration due to app credentials not working</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-132">In order for provisioning to work, Azure AD requires valid credentials that allow it to connect to a user management API provided by that app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-132">In order for provisioning to work, Azure AD requires valid credentials that allow it to connect to a user management API provided by that app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-133">If these credentials do not work, or you don’t know wat they are, review the tutorial for setting up this app, described previously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-133">If these credentials do not work, or you don’t know wat they are, review the tutorial for setting up this app, described previously.</span></span>

## <a name="audit-logs-say-users-are-skipped-and-not-provisioned-even-though-they-are-assigned"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-134">Audit logs say users are skipped and not provisioned even though they are assigned</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-134">Audit logs say users are skipped and not provisioned even though they are assigned</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-135">When a user shows up as “skipped” in the audit logs, it is very important to read the extended details in the log message to determine the reason.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-135">When a user shows up as “skipped” in the audit logs, it is very important to read the extended details in the log message to determine the reason.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-136">Below are common reasons and resolutions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-136">Below are common reasons and resolutions:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-137">**A scoping filter has been configured** **that is filtering the user out based on an attribute value**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-137">**A scoping filter has been configured** **that is filtering the user out based on an attribute value**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-138">For more information on scoping filters, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-scoping-filters>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-138">For more information on scoping filters, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-scoping-filters>.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-139">**The user is “not effectively entitled”.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-139">**The user is “not effectively entitled”.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-140">If you see this specific error message, it is because there is a problem with the user assignment record stored in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-140">If you see this specific error message, it is because there is a problem with the user assignment record stored in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-141">To fix this issue, un-assign the user (or group) from the app, and re-assign it again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-141">To fix this issue, un-assign the user (or group) from the app, and re-assign it again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-142">For more information on assignment, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-coreapps-assign-user-azure-portal>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-142">For more information on assignment, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-coreapps-assign-user-azure-portal>.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-143">**A required attribute is missing or not populated for a user.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-143">**A required attribute is missing or not populated for a user.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-144">An important thing to consider when setting up provisioning be to review and configure the attribute mappings and workflows that define which user (or group) properties flow from Azure AD to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-144">An important thing to consider when setting up provisioning be to review and configure the attribute mappings and workflows that define which user (or group) properties flow from Azure AD to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-145">This includes setting the “matching property” that be used to uniquely identify and match users/groups between the two systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-145">This includes setting the “matching property” that be used to uniquely identify and match users/groups between the two systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-146">For more information on this important process, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-146">For more information on this important process, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings>.</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-147">**Attribute mappings for groups:** Provisioning of the group name and group details, in addition to the members, if supported for some applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-147">**Attribute mappings for groups:** Provisioning of the group name and group details, in addition to the members, if supported for some applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-148">You can enable or disable this functionality by enabling or disabling the **Mapping** for group objects shown in the **Provisioning** tab. If provisioning groups is enabled, be sure to review the attribute mappings to ensure an appropriate field is being used for the “matching ID”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-148">You can enable or disable this functionality by enabling or disabling the **Mapping** for group objects shown in the **Provisioning** tab. If provisioning groups is enabled, be sure to review the attribute mappings to ensure an appropriate field is being used for the “matching ID”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-149">This can be the display name or email alias), as the group and its members not be provisioned if the matching property is empty or not populated for a group in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-149">This can be the display name or email alias), as the group and its members not be provisioned if the matching property is empty or not populated for a group in Azure AD.</span></span>

#<a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-150">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-150">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="8fd0d-151">Automate User Provisioning and Deprovisioning to SaaS Applications with Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fd0d-151">Automate User Provisioning and Deprovisioning to SaaS Applications with Azure Active Directory</span></span>](active-directory-saas-app-provisioning.md)
