---
title: No users are being provisioned to an Azure AD Gallery application | Microsoft Docs
description: How to troubleshoot common issues faced when you don't see users appearing in an an Azure AD Gallery Application you have configured for user provisioning with Azure AD
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: ajamess
manager: femila
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/04/2017
ms.author: asteen
ms.openlocfilehash: 3092abad21f4613ca29ee4aa04c2be0823c6a2b2
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44564319"
---
# <a name="no-users-are-being-provisioned-to-an-azure-ad-gallery-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-103">No users are being provisioned to an Azure AD Gallery application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-103">No users are being provisioned to an Azure AD Gallery application</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-104">Once automatic provisioning has been configured for an application (including verifying that the app credentials provided to Azure AD to connect to the app are valid).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-104">Once automatic provisioning has been configured for an application (including verifying that the app credentials provided to Azure AD to connect to the app are valid).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-105">Then users and/or groups are provisioned to the app is determined by the following things:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-105">Then users and/or groups are provisioned to the app is determined by the following things:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-106">Which users and groups have been **assigned** to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-106">Which users and groups have been **assigned** to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-107">For more information on assignment, see [Assign a user or group to an enterprise app in Azure Active Directory preview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-coreapps-assign-user-azure-portal).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-107">For more information on assignment, see [Assign a user or group to an enterprise app in Azure Active Directory preview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-coreapps-assign-user-azure-portal).</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-108">Whether or not **attribute mappings** are enabled, and configured to sync valid attributes from Azure AD to the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-108">Whether or not **attribute mappings** are enabled, and configured to sync valid attributes from Azure AD to the app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-109">For more information on attribute mappings, see [Customizing User Provisioning Attribute Mappings for SaaS Applications in Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-109">For more information on attribute mappings, see [Customizing User Provisioning Attribute Mappings for SaaS Applications in Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings).</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-110">Whether or not there is a **scoping filter** present that is filtering users based on specific attribute values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-110">Whether or not there is a **scoping filter** present that is filtering users based on specific attribute values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-111">For more information on scoping filters, see [Attribute-based application provisioning with scoping filters](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-scoping-filters).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-111">For more information on scoping filters, see [Attribute-based application provisioning with scoping filters](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-scoping-filters).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-112">When observing that users are not being provisioned, consult the Audit logs in Azure AD and search for log entries for a specific user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-112">When observing that users are not being provisioned, consult the Audit logs in Azure AD and search for log entries for a specific user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-113">The provisioning audit logs can be accessed in the Azure portal, in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt; Audit Logs** tab. Filter the logs on the **Account Provisioning** category to only see the provisioning events for that app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-113">The provisioning audit logs can be accessed in the Azure portal, in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt; Audit Logs** tab. Filter the logs on the **Account Provisioning** category to only see the provisioning events for that app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-114">You can search for users based on the “matching ID” that was configured for them in the attribute mappings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-114">You can search for users based on the “matching ID” that was configured for them in the attribute mappings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-115">For example, if you configured the “user principal name” or “email address” as the matching attribute on the Azure AD side, and the user not being provisioning has a value of “audrey@contoso.com”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-115">For example, if you configured the “user principal name” or “email address” as the matching attribute on the Azure AD side, and the user not being provisioning has a value of “audrey@contoso.com”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-116">Then search the audit logs for “audrey@contoso.com” and review then entries returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-116">Then search the audit logs for “audrey@contoso.com” and review then entries returned.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-117">The provisioning audit logs record all the operations performed by the provisioning service, including querying Azure AD for assigned users that are in scope for provisioning, querying the target app for the existence of those users, comparing the user objects between the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-117">The provisioning audit logs record all the operations performed by the provisioning service, including querying Azure AD for assigned users that are in scope for provisioning, querying the target app for the existence of those users, comparing the user objects between the system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-118">Then add, update, or disable the user account in the target system based on the comparison.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-118">Then add, update, or disable the user account in the target system based on the comparison.</span></span>

## <a name="general-problem-areas-with-provisioning-to-consider"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-119">General Problem Areas with Provisioning to consider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-119">General Problem Areas with Provisioning to consider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-120">Below is a list of the general problem areas that you can drill into if you have an idea of where to start.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-120">Below is a list of the general problem areas that you can drill into if you have an idea of where to start.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-121">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-121">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span></span>](#provisioning-service-does-not-appear-to-start)
* [<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-122">Audit logs say users are skipped and not provisioned, even though they are assigned</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-122">Audit logs say users are skipped and not provisioned, even though they are assigned</span></span>](#audit-logs-say-users-are-skipped-and-not-provisioned-even-though-they-are-assigned)

## <a name="provisioning-service-does-not-appear-to-start"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-123">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-123">Provisioning service does not appear to start</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-124">If you set the **Provisioning Status** to be **On** in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt;Provisioning** section of the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-124">If you set the **Provisioning Status** to be **On** in the **Azure Active Directory &gt; Enterprise Apps &gt; \[Application Name\] &gt;Provisioning** section of the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-125">However no other status details are shown on that page after subsequent reloads, it is likely that the service is running but has not completed an initial synchronization yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-125">However no other status details are shown on that page after subsequent reloads, it is likely that the service is running but has not completed an initial synchronization yet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-126">Check the **Audit logs** described above to determine what operations the service is performing, and if there are any errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-126">Check the **Audit logs** described above to determine what operations the service is performing, and if there are any errors.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-127">An initial sync can take anywhere from 20 minutes to several hours, depending on the size of the Azure AD directory and the number of users in scope for provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-127">An initial sync can take anywhere from 20 minutes to several hours, depending on the size of the Azure AD directory and the number of users in scope for provisioning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-128">Subsequent syncs after the initial sync are faster, as the provisioning service stores watermarks that represent the state of both systems after the initial sync. This improves performance of subsequent syncs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-128">Subsequent syncs after the initial sync are faster, as the provisioning service stores watermarks that represent the state of both systems after the initial sync. This improves performance of subsequent syncs.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="audit-logs-say-users-are-skipped-and-not-provisioned-even-though-they-are-assigned"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-129">Audit logs say users are skipped and not provisioned even though they are assigned</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-129">Audit logs say users are skipped and not provisioned even though they are assigned</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-130">When a user shows up as “skipped” in the audit logs, it is very important to read the extended details in the log message to determine the reason.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-130">When a user shows up as “skipped” in the audit logs, it is very important to read the extended details in the log message to determine the reason.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-131">Below are common reasons and resolutions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-131">Below are common reasons and resolutions:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-132">**A scoping filter has been configured** **that is filtering the user out based on an attribute value**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-132">**A scoping filter has been configured** **that is filtering the user out based on an attribute value**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-133">For more information on scoping filters, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-scoping-filters>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-133">For more information on scoping filters, see <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-scoping-filters>.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-134">**The user is “not effectively entitled”.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-134">**The user is “not effectively entitled”.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-135">If you see this specific error message, it is because there is a problem with the user assignment record stored in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-135">If you see this specific error message, it is because there is a problem with the user assignment record stored in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-136">To fix this issue, un-assign the user (or group) from the app, and re-assign it again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-136">To fix this issue, un-assign the user (or group) from the app, and re-assign it again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-137">For more information on assignment, see  <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-coreapps-assign-user-azure-portal>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-137">For more information on assignment, see  <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-coreapps-assign-user-azure-portal>.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-138">**A required attribute is missing or not populated for a user.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-138">**A required attribute is missing or not populated for a user.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-139">An important thing to consider when setting up provisioning be to review and configure the attribute mappings and workflows that define which user (or group) properties flow from Azure AD to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-139">An important thing to consider when setting up provisioning be to review and configure the attribute mappings and workflows that define which user (or group) properties flow from Azure AD to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-140">This includes setting the “matching property” that be used to uniquely identify and match users/groups between the two systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-140">This includes setting the “matching property” that be used to uniquely identify and match users/groups between the two systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-141">For more information on this important process, see [Customizing User Provisioning Attribute Mappings for SaaS Applications in Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-141">For more information on this important process, see [Customizing User Provisioning Attribute Mappings for SaaS Applications in Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-customizing-attribute-mappings).</span></span>

  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-142">**Attribute mappings for groups:** Provisioning of the group name and group details, in addition to the members, if supported for some applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-142">**Attribute mappings for groups:** Provisioning of the group name and group details, in addition to the members, if supported for some applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-143">You can enable or disable this functionality by enabling or disabling the **Mapping** for group objects shown in the **Provisioning** tab. If provisioning groups is enabled, be sure to review the attribute mappings to ensure an appropriate field is being used for the “matching ID”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-143">You can enable or disable this functionality by enabling or disabling the **Mapping** for group objects shown in the **Provisioning** tab. If provisioning groups is enabled, be sure to review the attribute mappings to ensure an appropriate field is being used for the “matching ID”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-144">This can be the display name or email alias), as the group and its members not be provisioned if the matching property is empty or not populated for a group in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-144">This can be the display name or email alias), as the group and its members not be provisioned if the matching property is empty or not populated for a group in Azure AD.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-145">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-145">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-146">Azure AD Connect sync: Understanding Declarative Provisioning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-146">Azure AD Connect sync: Understanding Declarative Provisioning</span></span>](active-directory-aadconnectsync-understanding-declarative-provisioning.md)

