---
title: How To Control Inbound Traffic to an App Service Environment
description: Learn about how to configure network security rules to control inbound traffic to an App Service Environment.
services: app-service
documentationcenter: ''
author: ccompy
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 4cc82439-8791-48a4-9485-de6d8e1d1a08
ms.service: app-service
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 01/11/2017
ms.author: stefsch
ms.openlocfilehash: ed72bf3202d6cb2d2161bc0df693d3e6a1fc58ef
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44865333"
---
# <a name="how-to-control-inbound-traffic-to-an-app-service-environment"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-103">How To Control Inbound Traffic to an App Service Environment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-103">How To Control Inbound Traffic to an App Service Environment</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-105">An App Service Environment can be created in **either** an Azure Resource Manager virtual network, **or** a classic deployment model [virtual network][virtualnetwork].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-105">An App Service Environment can be created in **either** an Azure Resource Manager virtual network, **or** a classic deployment model [virtual network][virtualnetwork].</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-106">A new virtual network and new subnet can be defined at the time an App Service Environment is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-106">A new virtual network and new subnet can be defined at the time an App Service Environment is created.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-107">Alternatively, an App Service Environment can be created in a pre-existing virtual network and pre-existing subnet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-107">Alternatively, an App Service Environment can be created in a pre-existing virtual network and pre-existing subnet.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-108">With a change made in June 2016, ASEs can also be deployed into virtual networks that use either public address ranges, or RFC1918 address spaces (i.e. private addresses).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-108">With a change made in June 2016, ASEs can also be deployed into virtual networks that use either public address ranges, or RFC1918 address spaces (i.e. private addresses).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-109">For more details on creating an App Service Environment see [How To Create an App Service Environment][HowToCreateAnAppServiceEnvironment].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-109">For more details on creating an App Service Environment see [How To Create an App Service Environment][HowToCreateAnAppServiceEnvironment].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-110">An App Service Environment must always be created within a subnet because a subnet provides a network boundary which can be used to lock down inbound traffic behind upstream devices and services such that HTTP and HTTPS traffic is only accepted from specific upstream IP addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-110">An App Service Environment must always be created within a subnet because a subnet provides a network boundary which can be used to lock down inbound traffic behind upstream devices and services such that HTTP and HTTPS traffic is only accepted from specific upstream IP addresses.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-111">Inbound and outbound network traffic on a subnet is controlled using a [network security group][NetworkSecurityGroups].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-111">Inbound and outbound network traffic on a subnet is controlled using a [network security group][NetworkSecurityGroups].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-112">Controlling inbound traffic requires creating network security rules in a network security group, and then assigning the network security group the subnet containing the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-112">Controlling inbound traffic requires creating network security rules in a network security group, and then assigning the network security group the subnet containing the App Service Environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-113">Once a network security group is assigned to a subnet, inbound traffic to apps in the App Service Environment is allowed/blocked based on the allow and deny rules defined in the network security group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-113">Once a network security group is assigned to a subnet, inbound traffic to apps in the App Service Environment is allowed/blocked based on the allow and deny rules defined in the network security group.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [app-service-web-to-api-and-mobile](../../../includes/app-service-web-to-api-and-mobile.md)]

## <a name="inbound-network-ports-used-in-an-app-service-environment"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-114">Inbound Network Ports Used in an App Service Environment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-114">Inbound Network Ports Used in an App Service Environment</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-115">Before locking down inbound network traffic with a network security group, it is important to know the set of required and optional network ports used by an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-115">Before locking down inbound network traffic with a network security group, it is important to know the set of required and optional network ports used by an App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-116">Accidentally closing off traffic to some ports can result in loss of functionality in an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-116">Accidentally closing off traffic to some ports can result in loss of functionality in an App Service Environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-117">The following is a list of ports used by an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-117">The following is a list of ports used by an App Service Environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-118">All ports are **TCP**, unless otherwise clearly noted:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-118">All ports are **TCP**, unless otherwise clearly noted:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-119">454:  **Required port** used by Azure infrastructure for managing and maintaining App Service Environments via SSL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-119">454:  **Required port** used by Azure infrastructure for managing and maintaining App Service Environments via SSL.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-120">Do not block traffic to this port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-120">Do not block traffic to this port.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-121">This port is always bound to the public VIP of an ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-121">This port is always bound to the public VIP of an ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-122">455:  **Required port** used by Azure infrastructure for managing and maintaining App Service Environments via SSL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-122">455:  **Required port** used by Azure infrastructure for managing and maintaining App Service Environments via SSL.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-123">Do not block traffic to this port.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-123">Do not block traffic to this port.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-124">This port is always bound to the public VIP of an ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-124">This port is always bound to the public VIP of an ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-125">80:  Default port for inbound HTTP traffic to apps running in App Service Plans in an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-125">80:  Default port for inbound HTTP traffic to apps running in App Service Plans in an App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-126">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-126">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-127">443: Default port for inbound SSL traffic to apps running in App Service Plans in an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-127">443: Default port for inbound SSL traffic to apps running in App Service Plans in an App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-128">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-128">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-129">21:  Control channel for FTP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-129">21:  Control channel for FTP.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-130">This port can be safely blocked if FTP is not being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-130">This port can be safely blocked if FTP is not being used.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-131">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port can be bound to the ILB address for an ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-131">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port can be bound to the ILB address for an ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-132">990:  Control channel for FTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-132">990:  Control channel for FTPS.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-133">This port can be safely blocked if FTPS is not being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-133">This port can be safely blocked if FTPS is not being used.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-134">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port can be bound to the ILB address for an ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-134">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port can be bound to the ILB address for an ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-135">10001-10020: Data channels for FTP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-135">10001-10020: Data channels for FTP.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-136">As with the control channel, these ports can be safely blocked if FTP is not being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-136">As with the control channel, these ports can be safely blocked if FTP is not being used.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-137">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port can be bound to the ASE's ILB address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-137">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port can be bound to the ASE's ILB address.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-138">4016: Used for remote debugging with Visual Studio 2012.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-138">4016: Used for remote debugging with Visual Studio 2012.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-139">This port can be safely blocked if the feature is not being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-139">This port can be safely blocked if the feature is not being used.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-140">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-140">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-141">4018: Used for remote debugging with Visual Studio 2013.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-141">4018: Used for remote debugging with Visual Studio 2013.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-142">This port can be safely blocked if the feature is not being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-142">This port can be safely blocked if the feature is not being used.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-143">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-143">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-144">4020: Used for remote debugging with Visual Studio 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-144">4020: Used for remote debugging with Visual Studio 2015.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-145">This port can be safely blocked if the feature is not being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-145">This port can be safely blocked if the feature is not being used.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-146">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-146">On an ILB-enabled ASE, this port is bound to the ILB address of the ASE.</span></span>

## <a name="outbound-connectivity-and-dns-requirements"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-147">Outbound Connectivity and DNS Requirements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-147">Outbound Connectivity and DNS Requirements</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-148">For an App Service Environment to function properly, it also requires outbound access to various endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-148">For an App Service Environment to function properly, it also requires outbound access to various endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-149">A full list of the external endpoints used by an ASE is in the "Required Network Connectivity" section of the [Network Configuration for ExpressRoute](app-service-app-service-environment-network-configuration-expressroute.md#required-network-connectivity) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-149">A full list of the external endpoints used by an ASE is in the "Required Network Connectivity" section of the [Network Configuration for ExpressRoute](app-service-app-service-environment-network-configuration-expressroute.md#required-network-connectivity) article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-150">App Service Environments require a valid DNS infrastructure configured for the virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-150">App Service Environments require a valid DNS infrastructure configured for the virtual network.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-151">If for any reason the DNS configuration is changed after an App Service Environment has been created, developers can force an App Service Environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-151">If for any reason the DNS configuration is changed after an App Service Environment has been created, developers can force an App Service Environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-152">Triggering a rolling environment reboot using the "Restart" icon located at the top of the App Service Environment management blade in the [Azure portal][NewPortal] will cause the environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-152">Triggering a rolling environment reboot using the "Restart" icon located at the top of the App Service Environment management blade in the [Azure portal][NewPortal] will cause the environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-153">It is also recommended that any custom DNS servers on the vnet be setup ahead of time prior to creating an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-153">It is also recommended that any custom DNS servers on the vnet be setup ahead of time prior to creating an App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-154">If a virtual network's DNS configuration is changed while an App Service Environment is being created, that will result in the App Service Environment creation process failing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-154">If a virtual network's DNS configuration is changed while an App Service Environment is being created, that will result in the App Service Environment creation process failing.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-155">In a similar vein, if a custom DNS server exists on the other end of a VPN gateway, and the DNS server is unreachable or unavailable, the App Service Environment creation process will also fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-155">In a similar vein, if a custom DNS server exists on the other end of a VPN gateway, and the DNS server is unreachable or unavailable, the App Service Environment creation process will also fail.</span></span>

## <a name="creating-a-network-security-group"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-156">Creating a Network Security Group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-156">Creating a Network Security Group</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-157">For full details on how network security groups work see the following [information][NetworkSecurityGroups].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-157">For full details on how network security groups work see the following [information][NetworkSecurityGroups].</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-158">The Azure Service Management example below touches on highlights of network security groups, with a focus on configuring and applying a network security group to a subnet that contains an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-158">The Azure Service Management example below touches on highlights of network security groups, with a focus on configuring and applying a network security group to a subnet that contains an App Service Environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-159">**Note:** Network security groups can be configured graphically using the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through Azure PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-159">**Note:** Network security groups can be configured graphically using the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through Azure PowerShell.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-160">Network security groups are first created as a standalone entity associated with a subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-160">Network security groups are first created as a standalone entity associated with a subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-161">Since network security groups are created in an Azure region, ensure that the network security group is created in the same region as the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-161">Since network security groups are created in an Azure region, ensure that the network security group is created in the same region as the App Service Environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-162">The following demonstrates creating a network security group:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-162">The following demonstrates creating a network security group:</span></span>

    New-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" -Location "South Central US" -Label "Example network security group for an app service environment"

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-163">Once a network security group is created, one or more network security rules are added to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-163">Once a network security group is created, one or more network security rules are added to it.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-164">Since the set of rules may change over time, it is recommended to space out the numbering scheme used for rule priorities to make it easy to insert additional rules over time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-164">Since the set of rules may change over time, it is recommended to space out the numbering scheme used for rule priorities to make it easy to insert additional rules over time.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-165">The example below shows a rule that explicitly grants access to the management ports needed by the Azure infrastructure to manage and maintain an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-165">The example below shows a rule that explicitly grants access to the management ports needed by the Azure infrastructure to manage and maintain an App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-166">Note that all management traffic flows over SSL and is secured by client certificates, so even though the ports are opened they are inaccessible by any entity other than Azure management infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-166">Note that all management traffic flows over SSL and is secured by client certificates, so even though the ports are opened they are inaccessible by any entity other than Azure management infrastructure.</span></span>

    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "ALLOW AzureMngmt" -Type Inbound -Priority 100 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix 'INTERNET'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '454-455' -Protocol TCP


<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-167">When locking down access to port 80 and 443 to "hide" an App Service Environment behind upstream devices or services, you will need to know the upstream IP address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-167">When locking down access to port 80 and 443 to "hide" an App Service Environment behind upstream devices or services, you will need to know the upstream IP address.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-168">For example, if you are using a web application firewall (WAF), the WAF will have its own IP address (or addresses) which it uses when proxying traffic to a downstream App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-168">For example, if you are using a web application firewall (WAF), the WAF will have its own IP address (or addresses) which it uses when proxying traffic to a downstream App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-169">You will need to use this IP address in the *SourceAddressPrefix* parameter of a network security rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-169">You will need to use this IP address in the *SourceAddressPrefix* parameter of a network security rule.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-170">In the example below, inbound traffic from a specific upstream IP address is explicitly allowed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-170">In the example below, inbound traffic from a specific upstream IP address is explicitly allowed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-171">The address *1.2.3.4* is used as a placeholder for the IP address of an upstream WAF.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-171">The address *1.2.3.4* is used as a placeholder for the IP address of an upstream WAF.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-172">Change the value to match the address used by your upstream device or service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-172">Change the value to match the address used by your upstream device or service.</span></span>

    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "RESTRICT HTTP" -Type Inbound -Priority 200 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix '1.2.3.4/32'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '80' -Protocol TCP
    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "RESTRICT HTTPS" -Type Inbound -Priority 300 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix '1.2.3.4/32'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '443' -Protocol TCP

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-173">If FTP support is desired, the following rules can be used as a template to grant access to the FTP control port and data channel ports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-173">If FTP support is desired, the following rules can be used as a template to grant access to the FTP control port and data channel ports.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-174">Since FTP is a stateful protocol, you may not be able to route FTP traffic through a traditional HTTP/HTTPS firewall or proxy device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-174">Since FTP is a stateful protocol, you may not be able to route FTP traffic through a traditional HTTP/HTTPS firewall or proxy device.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-175">In this case you will need to set the *SourceAddressPrefix* to a different value - for example the IP address range of developer or deployment machines on which FTP clients are running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-175">In this case you will need to set the *SourceAddressPrefix* to a different value - for example the IP address range of developer or deployment machines on which FTP clients are running.</span></span> 

    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "RESTRICT FTPCtrl" -Type Inbound -Priority 400 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix '1.2.3.4/32'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '21' -Protocol TCP
    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "RESTRICT FTPDataRange" -Type Inbound -Priority 500 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix '1.2.3.4/32'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '10001-10020' -Protocol TCP

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-176">(**Note:**  the data channel port range may change during the preview period.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-176">(**Note:**  the data channel port range may change during the preview period.)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-177">If remote debugging with Visual Studio is used, the following rules demonstrate how to grant access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-177">If remote debugging with Visual Studio is used, the following rules demonstrate how to grant access.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-178">There is a separate rule for each supported version of Visual Studio since each version uses a different port for remote debugging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-178">There is a separate rule for each supported version of Visual Studio since each version uses a different port for remote debugging.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-179">As with FTP access, remote debugging traffic may not flow properly through a traditional WAF or proxy device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-179">As with FTP access, remote debugging traffic may not flow properly through a traditional WAF or proxy device.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-180">The *SourceAddressPrefix* can instead be set to the IP address range of developer machines running Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-180">The *SourceAddressPrefix* can instead be set to the IP address range of developer machines running Visual Studio.</span></span>

    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "RESTRICT RemoteDebuggingVS2012" -Type Inbound -Priority 600 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix '1.2.3.4/32'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '4016' -Protocol TCP
    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "RESTRICT RemoteDebuggingVS2013" -Type Inbound -Priority 700 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix '1.2.3.4/32'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '4018' -Protocol TCP
    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityRule -Name "RESTRICT RemoteDebuggingVS2015" -Type Inbound -Priority 800 -Action Allow -SourceAddressPrefix '1.2.3.4/32'  -SourcePortRange '*' -DestinationAddressPrefix '*' -DestinationPortRange '4020' -Protocol TCP

## <a name="assigning-a-network-security-group-to-a-subnet"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-181">Assigning a Network Security Group to a Subnet</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-181">Assigning a Network Security Group to a Subnet</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-182">A network security group has a default security rule which denies access to all external traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-182">A network security group has a default security rule which denies access to all external traffic.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-183">The result from combining the network security rules described above, and the default security rule blocking inbound traffic, is that only traffic from source address ranges associated with an *Allow* action will be able to send traffic to apps running in an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-183">The result from combining the network security rules described above, and the default security rule blocking inbound traffic, is that only traffic from source address ranges associated with an *Allow* action will be able to send traffic to apps running in an App Service Environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-184">After a network security group is populated with security rules, it needs to be assigned to the subnet containing the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-184">After a network security group is populated with security rules, it needs to be assigned to the subnet containing the App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-185">The assignment command references both the name of the virtual network where the App Service Environment resides, as well as the name of the subnet where the App Service Environment was created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-185">The assignment command references both the name of the virtual network where the App Service Environment resides, as well as the name of the subnet where the App Service Environment was created.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-186">The example below shows a network security group being assigned to a subnet and virtual network:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-186">The example below shows a network security group being assigned to a subnet and virtual network:</span></span>

    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Set-AzureNetworkSecurityGroupToSubnet -VirtualNetworkName 'testVNet' -SubnetName 'Subnet-test'

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-187">Once the network security group assignment succeeds (the assignment is a long-running operations and can take a few minutes to complete), only inbound traffic matching *Allow* rules will successfully reach apps in the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-187">Once the network security group assignment succeeds (the assignment is a long-running operations and can take a few minutes to complete), only inbound traffic matching *Allow* rules will successfully reach apps in the App Service Environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-188">For completeness the following example shows how to remove and thus dis-associate the network security group from the subnet:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-188">For completeness the following example shows how to remove and thus dis-associate the network security group from the subnet:</span></span>

    Get-AzureNetworkSecurityGroup -Name "testNSGexample" | Remove-AzureNetworkSecurityGroupFromSubnet -VirtualNetworkName 'testVNet' -SubnetName 'Subnet-test'

## <a name="special-considerations-for-explicit-ip-ssl"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-189">Special Considerations for Explicit IP-SSL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-189">Special Considerations for Explicit IP-SSL</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-190">If an app is configured with an explicit IP-SSL address (applicable *only* to ASEs that have a public VIP), instead of using the default IP address of the App Service Environment, both HTTP and HTTPS traffic flows into the subnet over a different set of ports other than ports 80 and 443.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-190">If an app is configured with an explicit IP-SSL address (applicable *only* to ASEs that have a public VIP), instead of using the default IP address of the App Service Environment, both HTTP and HTTPS traffic flows into the subnet over a different set of ports other than ports 80 and 443.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-191">The individual pair of ports used by each IP-SSL address can be found in the portal user interface from the App Service Environment's details UX blade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-191">The individual pair of ports used by each IP-SSL address can be found in the portal user interface from the App Service Environment's details UX blade.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-192">Select "All settings" --> "IP addresses".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-192">Select "All settings" --> "IP addresses".</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-193">The "IP addresses" blade shows a table of all explicitly configured IP-SSL addresses for the App Service Environment, along with the special port pair that is used to route HTTP and HTTPS traffic associated with each IP-SSL address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-193">The "IP addresses" blade shows a table of all explicitly configured IP-SSL addresses for the App Service Environment, along with the special port pair that is used to route HTTP and HTTPS traffic associated with each IP-SSL address.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-194">It is this port pair that needs to be used for the DestinationPortRange parameters when configuring rules in a network security group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-194">It is this port pair that needs to be used for the DestinationPortRange parameters when configuring rules in a network security group.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-195">When an app on an ASE is configured to use IP-SSL, external customers will not see and do not need to worry about the special port pair mapping.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-195">When an app on an ASE is configured to use IP-SSL, external customers will not see and do not need to worry about the special port pair mapping.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-196">Traffic to the apps will flow normally to the configured IP-SSL address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-196">Traffic to the apps will flow normally to the configured IP-SSL address.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-197">The translation to the special port pair automatically happens internally during the final leg of routing traffic into the subnet containing the ASE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-197">The translation to the special port pair automatically happens internally during the final leg of routing traffic into the subnet containing the ASE.</span></span> 

## <a name="getting-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-198">Getting started</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-198">Getting started</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-199">To get started with App Service Environments, see [Introduction to App Service Environment][IntroToAppServiceEnvironment]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-199">To get started with App Service Environments, see [Introduction to App Service Environment][IntroToAppServiceEnvironment]</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8fc5e-200">For details around apps securely connecting to backend resource from an App Service Environment, see [Securely connecting to Backend resources from an App Service Environment][SecurelyConnecttoBackend]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8fc5e-200">For details around apps securely connecting to backend resource from an App Service Environment, see [Securely connecting to Backend resources from an App Service Environment][SecurelyConnecttoBackend]</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [app-service-web-try-app-service](../../../includes/app-service-web-try-app-service.md)]

<!-- LINKS -->
[virtualnetwork]: https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/virtual-networks-faq/
[HowToCreateAnAppServiceEnvironment]: app-service-web-how-to-create-an-app-service-environment.md
[NetworkSecurityGroups]: https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/virtual-networks-nsg/
[IntroToAppServiceEnvironment]:  app-service-app-service-environment-intro.md
[SecurelyConnecttoBackend]:  app-service-app-service-environment-securely-connecting-to-backend-resources.md
[NewPortal]:  https://portal.azure.com  

<!-- IMAGES -->

