---
title: Azure Relay frequently asked questions (FAQ) | Microsoft Docs
description: Answers some frequently-asked questions about Azure Relay.
services: service-bus-relay
documentationcenter: na
author: jtaubensee
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 886d2c7f-838f-4938-bd23-466662fb1c8e
ms.service: service-bus-relay
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 02/02/2017
ms.author: jotaub;sethm
ms.openlocfilehash: ca2767340cb232722def8f06277cc84d5c76c1bf
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553503"
---
# <a name="relay-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-103">Relay FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-103">Relay FAQ</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="46901-104">This article answers some frequently-asked questions about [Microsoft Azure Relay](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/service-bus/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-104">This article answers some frequently-asked questions about [Microsoft Azure Relay](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/service-bus/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-105">You can also visit the [Azure Support FAQ](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185083) for general Azure pricing and support information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-105">You can also visit the [Azure Support FAQ](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185083) for general Azure pricing and support information.</span></span>

## <a name="general-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-106">General questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-106">General questions</span></span>
### <a name="what-is-azure-relay"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-107">What is Azure Relay?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-107">What is Azure Relay?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-108">The [Azure Relay service](relay-what-is-it.md) facilitates your hybrid applications by enabling you to securely expose services that reside within a corporate enterprise network to the public cloud, without having to open a firewall connection, or require intrusive changes to a corporate network infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-108">The [Azure Relay service](relay-what-is-it.md) facilitates your hybrid applications by enabling you to securely expose services that reside within a corporate enterprise network to the public cloud, without having to open a firewall connection, or require intrusive changes to a corporate network infrastructure.</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-a-relay-namespace"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-109">What is a Relay namespace?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-109">What is a Relay namespace?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-110">A [namespace](relay-create-namespace-portal.md) provides a scoping container for addressing Relay resources within your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-110">A [namespace](relay-create-namespace-portal.md) provides a scoping container for addressing Relay resources within your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-111">Creating a namespace is necessary to use Relay and will be one of the first steps in getting started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-111">Creating a namespace is necessary to use Relay and will be one of the first steps in getting started.</span></span>

### <a name="what-happened-to-the-previously-named-relay-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-112">What happened to the previously named Relay service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-112">What happened to the previously named Relay service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-113">The previously named Service Bus **Relay** service is now called *WCF Relay*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-113">The previously named Service Bus **Relay** service is now called *WCF Relay*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-114">You can continue to use this service as usual.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-114">You can continue to use this service as usual.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-115">Hybrid Connections is an updated version of a service transplanted from BizTalk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-115">Hybrid Connections is an updated version of a service transplanted from BizTalk.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-116">Both WCF Relay and Hybrid Connections will continue to be supported going forward.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-116">Both WCF Relay and Hybrid Connections will continue to be supported going forward.</span></span>

## <a name="pricing"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-117">Pricing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-117">Pricing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-118">This section answers some frequently-asked questions about the Relay pricing structure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-118">This section answers some frequently-asked questions about the Relay pricing structure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-119">You can also visit the [Azure Support FAQ](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185083) for general Microsoft Azure pricing information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-119">You can also visit the [Azure Support FAQ](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=185083) for general Microsoft Azure pricing information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-120">For complete information about Relay pricing, see [Service Bus pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/service-bus/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-120">For complete information about Relay pricing, see [Service Bus pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/service-bus/).</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-you-charge-for-hybrid-connections-and-wcf-relay"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-121">How do you charge for Hybrid Connections and WCF Relay?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-121">How do you charge for Hybrid Connections and WCF Relay?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-122">For complete information about Relay pricing, please see [Service Bus pricing details][Pricing overview].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-122">For complete information about Relay pricing, please see [Service Bus pricing details][Pricing overview].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-123">In addition to the prices noted, you are charged for associated data transfers for egress outside of the data center in which your application is provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-123">In addition to the prices noted, you are charged for associated data transfers for egress outside of the data center in which your application is provisioned.</span></span>

### <a name="how-am-i-billed-for-hybrid-connections"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-124">How am I billed for Hybrid Connections?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-124">How am I billed for Hybrid Connections?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-125">Here are three example scenarios:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-125">Here are three example scenarios:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="46901-126">If you have a single listener, such as an instance of the Hybrid Connections Manager installed and continuously running for the entire month and you send 3 GB of data across the connection during the course of the month, your total charge will be $5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-126">If you have a single listener, such as an instance of the Hybrid Connections Manager installed and continuously running for the entire month and you send 3 GB of data across the connection during the course of the month, your total charge will be $5.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="46901-127">If you have a single listener, such as an instance of the Hybrid Connections Manager installed and continuously running for the entire month and you send 10 GB of data across the connection during the course of the month, your total charge will be $7.50: $5 for the connection and first 5 GB + $2.50 for the additional 5 GB of data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-127">If you have a single listener, such as an instance of the Hybrid Connections Manager installed and continuously running for the entire month and you send 10 GB of data across the connection during the course of the month, your total charge will be $7.50: $5 for the connection and first 5 GB + $2.50 for the additional 5 GB of data.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="46901-128">If you have two instances, A and B, of the Hybrid Connections Manager installed and continuously running for the entire month and you send 3 GB of data across connection A and 6 GB across connection B, your total charge will be $10.50: $5 for connection A + $5 for connection B + $0.50(for the 6th GB on connection B).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-128">If you have two instances, A and B, of the Hybrid Connections Manager installed and continuously running for the entire month and you send 3 GB of data across connection A and 6 GB across connection B, your total charge will be $10.50: $5 for connection A + $5 for connection B + $0.50(for the 6th GB on connection B).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="46901-129">Please note that the prices used in the examples are applicable only during the preview period and are subject to change upon general availability of Hybrid Connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-129">Please note that the prices used in the examples are applicable only during the preview period and are subject to change upon general availability of Hybrid Connections.</span></span>

### <a name="how-are-wcf-relay-hours-calculated"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-130">How are WCF Relay hours calculated?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-130">How are WCF Relay hours calculated?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-131">Relay hours are billed for the cumulative amount of time during which each Service Bus Relay is "open."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-131">Relay hours are billed for the cumulative amount of time during which each Service Bus Relay is "open."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-132">A Relay is implicitly instantiated and opened at a given Service Bus address (service namespace URL) when a Relay-enabled WCF service, or “Relay listener,” first connects to that address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-132">A Relay is implicitly instantiated and opened at a given Service Bus address (service namespace URL) when a Relay-enabled WCF service, or “Relay listener,” first connects to that address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-133">It is closed only when the last listener disconnects from its address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-133">It is closed only when the last listener disconnects from its address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-134">Therefore, for billing purposes a Relay is considered "open" from the time the first Relay listener connects, to the time the last Relay listener disconnects from the Service Bus address of that Relay.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-134">Therefore, for billing purposes a Relay is considered "open" from the time the first Relay listener connects, to the time the last Relay listener disconnects from the Service Bus address of that Relay.</span></span>

### <a name="what-if-i-have-more-than-one-listener-connected-to-a-given-relay"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-135">What if I have more than one listener connected to a given Relay?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-135">What if I have more than one listener connected to a given Relay?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-136">In some cases, a single Relay may have multiple connected listeners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-136">In some cases, a single Relay may have multiple connected listeners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-137">A Relay is considered "open" when at least one Relay listener is connected to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-137">A Relay is considered "open" when at least one Relay listener is connected to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-138">Adding additional listeners to an open Relay will result in additional relay hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-138">Adding additional listeners to an open Relay will result in additional relay hours.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-139">The number of Relay senders (clients that invoke or send messages to Relays) connected to a Relay also has no effect on the calculation of Relay hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-139">The number of Relay senders (clients that invoke or send messages to Relays) connected to a Relay also has no effect on the calculation of Relay hours.</span></span>

### <a name="how-is-the-messages-meter-calculated-for-wcf-relays"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-140">How is the messages meter calculated for WCF Relays?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-140">How is the messages meter calculated for WCF Relays?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-141">**This is only applicable to WCF Relays and is not a cost of Hybrid Connections**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-141">**This is only applicable to WCF Relays and is not a cost of Hybrid Connections**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="46901-142">In general, billable messages are calculated for Relays using the same method as described above for brokered entities (queues, topics, and subscriptions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-142">In general, billable messages are calculated for Relays using the same method as described above for brokered entities (queues, topics, and subscriptions).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-143">However, there are several notable differences:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-143">However, there are several notable differences:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="46901-144">Sending a message to a Service Bus Relay is treated as a "full through" send to the Relay listener that receives the message, rather than a send to the Service Bus Relay followed by a delivery to the Relay listener.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-144">Sending a message to a Service Bus Relay is treated as a "full through" send to the Relay listener that receives the message, rather than a send to the Service Bus Relay followed by a delivery to the Relay listener.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-145">Therefore, a request-reply style service invocation (of up to 64 KB) against a Relay listener will result in two billable messages: one billable message for the request and one billable message for the response (assuming the response is also \<= 64 KB).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-145">Therefore, a request-reply style service invocation (of up to 64 KB) against a Relay listener will result in two billable messages: one billable message for the request and one billable message for the response (assuming the response is also \<= 64 KB).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-146">This differs from using a queue to mediate between a client and a service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-146">This differs from using a queue to mediate between a client and a service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-147">In the latter case, the same request-reply pattern would require a request send to the queue, followed by a dequeue/delivery from the queue to the service, followed by a response send to another queue, and a dequeue/delivery from that queue to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-147">In the latter case, the same request-reply pattern would require a request send to the queue, followed by a dequeue/delivery from the queue to the service, followed by a response send to another queue, and a dequeue/delivery from that queue to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-148">Using the same (\<= 64 KB) size assumptions throughout, the mediated queue pattern would thus result in four billable messages, twice the number billed to implement the same pattern using Relay.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-148">Using the same (\<= 64 KB) size assumptions throughout, the mediated queue pattern would thus result in four billable messages, twice the number billed to implement the same pattern using Relay.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-149">Of course, there are benefits to using queues to achieve this pattern, such as durability and load leveling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-149">Of course, there are benefits to using queues to achieve this pattern, such as durability and load leveling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-150">These benefits may justify the additional expense.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-150">These benefits may justify the additional expense.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="46901-151">Relays that are opened using the netTCPRelay WCF binding treat messages not as individual messages but as a stream of data flowing through the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-151">Relays that are opened using the netTCPRelay WCF binding treat messages not as individual messages but as a stream of data flowing through the system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-152">In other words, only the sender and listener have visibility into the framing of the individual messages sent/received using this binding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-152">In other words, only the sender and listener have visibility into the framing of the individual messages sent/received using this binding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-153">Thus, for Relays using the netTCPRelay binding, all data is treated as a stream for the purpose of calculating billable messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-153">Thus, for Relays using the netTCPRelay binding, all data is treated as a stream for the purpose of calculating billable messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-154">In this case, Service Bus will calculate the total amount of data sent or received via each individual Relay on a 5-minute basis and divide that total by 64 KB in order to determine the number of billable messages for the Relay in question during that time period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-154">In this case, Service Bus will calculate the total amount of data sent or received via each individual Relay on a 5-minute basis and divide that total by 64 KB in order to determine the number of billable messages for the Relay in question during that time period.</span></span>

## <a name="quotas"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-155">Quotas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-155">Quotas</span></span>
| <span data-ttu-id="46901-156">Quota Name</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-156">Quota Name</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="46901-157">Scope</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-157">Scope</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="46901-158">Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-158">Type</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="46901-159">Behavior when exceeded</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-159">Behavior when exceeded</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="46901-160">Value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-160">Value</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="46901-161">Concurrent listeners on a relay</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-161">Concurrent listeners on a relay</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-162">Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-162">Entity</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-163">Static</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-163">Static</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-164">Subsequent requests for additional connections will be rejected and an exception will be received by the calling code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-164">Subsequent requests for additional connections will be rejected and an exception will be received by the calling code.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-165">25</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-165">25</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="46901-166">Concurrent relay listeners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-166">Concurrent relay listeners</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-167">System-wide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-167">System-wide</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-168">Static</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-168">Static</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-169">Subsequent requests for additional connections will be rejected and an exception will be received by the calling code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-169">Subsequent requests for additional connections will be rejected and an exception will be received by the calling code.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-170">2,000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-170">2,000</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="46901-171">Concurrent relay connections per all relay endpoints in a service namespace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-171">Concurrent relay connections per all relay endpoints in a service namespace</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-172">System-wide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-172">System-wide</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-173">Static</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-173">Static</span></span> |- |<span data-ttu-id="46901-174">5,000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-174">5,000</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="46901-175">Relay endpoints per service namespace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-175">Relay endpoints per service namespace</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-176">System-wide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-176">System-wide</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-177">Static</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-177">Static</span></span> |- |<span data-ttu-id="46901-178">10,000</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-178">10,000</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="46901-179">Message size for [NetOnewayRelayBinding](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.netonewayrelaybinding.aspx) and [NetEventRelayBinding](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.neteventrelaybinding.aspx) relays</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-179">Message size for [NetOnewayRelayBinding](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.netonewayrelaybinding.aspx) and [NetEventRelayBinding](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.neteventrelaybinding.aspx) relays</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-180">System-wide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-180">System-wide</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-181">Static</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-181">Static</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-182">Incoming messages that exceed these quotas will be rejected and an exception will be received by the calling code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-182">Incoming messages that exceed these quotas will be rejected and an exception will be received by the calling code.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-183">64KB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-183">64KB</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="46901-184">Message size for [HttpRelayTransportBindingElement](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.httprelaytransportbindingelement.aspx) and [NetTcpRelayBinding](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.nettcprelaybinding.aspx) relays</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-184">Message size for [HttpRelayTransportBindingElement](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.httprelaytransportbindingelement.aspx) and [NetTcpRelayBinding](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/microsoft.servicebus.nettcprelaybinding.aspx) relays</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-185">System-wide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-185">System-wide</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="46901-186">Static</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-186">Static</span></span> |- |<span data-ttu-id="46901-187">Unlimited</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-187">Unlimited</span></span> |

### <a name="does-relay-have-any-usage-quotas"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-188">Does Relay have any usage quotas?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-188">Does Relay have any usage quotas?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-189">By default, for any cloud service Microsoft sets an aggregate monthly usage quota that is calculated across all of a customer's subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-189">By default, for any cloud service Microsoft sets an aggregate monthly usage quota that is calculated across all of a customer's subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-190">Because we understand that you may need more than these limits, please contact customer service at any time so that we can understand your needs and adjust these limits appropriately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-190">Because we understand that you may need more than these limits, please contact customer service at any time so that we can understand your needs and adjust these limits appropriately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-191">For Service Bus, the aggregate usage quotas are as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-191">For Service Bus, the aggregate usage quotas are as follows:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="46901-192">5 billion messages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-192">5 billion messages</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="46901-193">2 million Relay hours</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-193">2 million Relay hours</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="46901-194">While we do reserve the right to disable a customer account that has exceeded its usage quotas in a given month, we will provide e-mail notification and make multiple attempts to contact a customer before taking any action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-194">While we do reserve the right to disable a customer account that has exceeded its usage quotas in a given month, we will provide e-mail notification and make multiple attempts to contact a customer before taking any action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-195">Customers exceeding these quotas will still be responsible for charges that exceed the quotas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-195">Customers exceeding these quotas will still be responsible for charges that exceed the quotas.</span></span>

### <a name="naming-restrictions"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-196">Naming restrictions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-196">Naming restrictions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-197">A Relay namespace name can only be between 6-50 characters in length.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-197">A Relay namespace name can only be between 6-50 characters in length.</span></span>

## <a name="subscription-and-namespace-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-198">Subscription and namespace management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-198">Subscription and namespace management</span></span>
### <a name="how-do-i-migrate-a-namespace-to-another-azure-subscription"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-199">How do I migrate a namespace to another Azure subscription?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-199">How do I migrate a namespace to another Azure subscription?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-200">You can use PowerShell commands (found in the article [here](../service-bus-messaging/service-bus-powershell-how-to-provision.md)) to move a namespace from one Azure subscription to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-200">You can use PowerShell commands (found in the article [here](../service-bus-messaging/service-bus-powershell-how-to-provision.md)) to move a namespace from one Azure subscription to another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-201">In order to execute the operation, the namespace must already be active.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-201">In order to execute the operation, the namespace must already be active.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-202">Also the user executing the commands must be an administrator on both the source and target subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-202">Also the user executing the commands must be an administrator on both the source and target subscriptions.</span></span>

## <a name="troubleshooting"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-203">Troubleshooting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-203">Troubleshooting</span></span>
### <a name="what-are-some-of-the-exceptions-generated-by-azure-relay-apis-and-their-suggested-actions"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-204">What are some of the exceptions generated by Azure Relay APIs and their suggested actions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-204">What are some of the exceptions generated by Azure Relay APIs and their suggested actions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-205">The [Relay exceptions][Relay exceptions] article describes some exceptions with suggested actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-205">The [Relay exceptions][Relay exceptions] article describes some exceptions with suggested actions.</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-a-shared-access-signature-and-which-languages-support-generating-a-signature"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-206">What is a Shared Access Signature and which languages support generating a signature?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-206">What is a Shared Access Signature and which languages support generating a signature?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-207">Shared Access Signatures are an authentication mechanism based on SHA – 256 secure hashes or URIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-207">Shared Access Signatures are an authentication mechanism based on SHA – 256 secure hashes or URIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-208">For information about how to generate your own signatures in Node, PHP, Java and C\#, see the [Shared Access Signatures][Shared Access Signatures] article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-208">For information about how to generate your own signatures in Node, PHP, Java and C\#, see the [Shared Access Signatures][Shared Access Signatures] article.</span></span>

[Pricing overview]: https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/service-bus/
[Relay exceptions]: relay-exceptions.md
[Shared Access Signatures]: ../service-bus-messaging/service-bus-sas-overview.md

### <a name="is-it-possible-to-whitelist-relay-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-209">Is it possible to whitelist Relay endpoints?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-209">Is it possible to whitelist Relay endpoints?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="46901-210">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-210">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-211">The Relay client makes connections to the Relay service using fully qualified domain names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-211">The Relay client makes connections to the Relay service using fully qualified domain names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="46901-212">This enables customers to add an entry for `*.servicebus.windows.net` on firewalls that support DNS whitelisting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-212">This enables customers to add an entry for `*.servicebus.windows.net` on firewalls that support DNS whitelisting.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="46901-213">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-213">Next steps</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="46901-214">Create a namespace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-214">Create a namespace</span></span>](relay-create-namespace-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="46901-215">Get started with .NET</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-215">Get started with .NET</span></span>](relay-hybrid-connections-dotnet-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="46901-216">Get started with Node</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="46901-216">Get started with Node</span></span>](relay-hybrid-connections-node-get-started.md)
