---
title: Use Habitat to deploy your application to Azure
description: Learn how to consistently deploy your application to Azure virtual machines and containers
keywords: azure, chef, devops, virtual machines, overview, automate, habitat
ms.service: virtual-machines-linux
author: tomarcher
manager: jeconnoc
ms.author: tarcher
ms.date: 05/15/2018
ms.topic: article
ms.openlocfilehash: 73c6834eb53c0496fa673dd25ab90abc18a6a139
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869667"
---
# <a name="use-habitat-to-deploy-your-application-to-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="bfc54-104">Use Habitat to deploy your application to Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-104">Use Habitat to deploy your application to Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-105">[Habitat](https://www.habitat.sh/) is a first of its kind open-source project that offers an entirely new approach to application management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-105">[Habitat](https://www.habitat.sh/) is a first of its kind open-source project that offers an entirely new approach to application management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-106">Habitat makes the application and its automation the unit of deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-106">Habitat makes the application and its automation the unit of deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-107">When applications are wrapped in a lightweight “habitat,” the runtime environment, whether it is a container, bare metal, or PaaS, is no longer the focus and does not constrain the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-107">When applications are wrapped in a lightweight “habitat,” the runtime environment, whether it is a container, bare metal, or PaaS, is no longer the focus and does not constrain the application.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-108">This article describes the benefits of using Habitat.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-108">This article describes the benefits of using Habitat.</span></span>

## <a name="support-for-the-modern-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="bfc54-109">Support for the modern application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-109">Support for the modern application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-110">Habitat packages include everything that an application needs to run throughout its lifecycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-110">Habitat packages include everything that an application needs to run throughout its lifecycle.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-111">Habitat’s core components are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-111">Habitat’s core components are:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-112">Packaging format - Applications in a Habitat package are atomic, immutable, and auditable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-112">Packaging format - Applications in a Habitat package are atomic, immutable, and auditable.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-113">The Habitat supervisor runs application packages with awareness of the packages’ peer relationships, upgrade strategy, and security policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-113">The Habitat supervisor runs application packages with awareness of the packages’ peer relationships, upgrade strategy, and security policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-114">The Habitat supervisor configures and manages the application for whatever environment is present.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-114">The Habitat supervisor configures and manages the application for whatever environment is present.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-115">The Habitat ecosystem also provides a build service that takes a Habitat build plan, creates the Habitat package, and publishes it to a depot.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-115">The Habitat ecosystem also provides a build service that takes a Habitat build plan, creates the Habitat package, and publishes it to a depot.</span></span>

## <a name="run-any-application-anywhere"></a><span data-ttu-id="bfc54-116">Run any application anywhere</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-116">Run any application anywhere</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-117">With Habitat, applications can run unmodified in any runtime environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-117">With Habitat, applications can run unmodified in any runtime environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-118">This includes everything from bare metal and virtual machines to containers (such as Docker), cluster-management systems (such as Mesosphere or Kubernetes), and PaaS systems (such as Pivotal Cloud Foundry).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-118">This includes everything from bare metal and virtual machines to containers (such as Docker), cluster-management systems (such as Mesosphere or Kubernetes), and PaaS systems (such as Pivotal Cloud Foundry).</span></span>

## <a name="easily-port-legacy-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="bfc54-119">Easily port legacy applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-119">Easily port legacy applications</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-120">When legacy applications are wrapped in a Habitat package, the applications are independent of the environment for which they were originally designed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-120">When legacy applications are wrapped in a Habitat package, the applications are independent of the environment for which they were originally designed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-121">The packages can quickly be moved to more modern environments such as the cloud or containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-121">The packages can quickly be moved to more modern environments such as the cloud or containers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-122">Also, because Habitat packages have a standard, outward facing interface, legacy applications become much easier to manage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-122">Also, because Habitat packages have a standard, outward facing interface, legacy applications become much easier to manage.</span></span>

## <a name="improve-the-container-experience"></a><span data-ttu-id="bfc54-123">Improve the container experience</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-123">Improve the container experience</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-124">Habitat reduces the complexity of managing containers in production environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-124">Habitat reduces the complexity of managing containers in production environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-125">By automating application configuration within a container, Habitat addresses the challenges developers face when moving container-based applications from development environments into production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-125">By automating application configuration within a container, Habitat addresses the challenges developers face when moving container-based applications from development environments into production.</span></span>

## <a name="integrate-into-the-chef-devops-workflow"></a><span data-ttu-id="bfc54-126">Integrate into the Chef DevOps workflow</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-126">Integrate into the Chef DevOps workflow</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-127">The Habitat project is sponsored by Chef.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-127">The Habitat project is sponsored by Chef.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-128">Habitat leverages Chef’s deep experience with infrastructure automation to bring unprecedented automation capabilities to applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-128">Habitat leverages Chef’s deep experience with infrastructure automation to bring unprecedented automation capabilities to applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bfc54-129">Chef will offer commercial support for Habitat and ensure seamless integration between Habitat and Chef Delivery to fully automate the application release cycle, from development to deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-129">Chef will offer commercial support for Habitat and ensure seamless integration between Habitat and Chef Delivery to fully automate the application release cycle, from development to deployment.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="bfc54-130">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-130">Next steps</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="bfc54-131">Create a Windows virtual machine on Azure using Chef</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bfc54-131">Create a Windows virtual machine on Azure using Chef</span></span>](/azure/virtual-machines/windows/chef-automation)