---
title: Cortana Intelligence Competitions FAQ | Microsoft Docs
description: Frequently asked questions about Microsoft Cortana Intelligence Competitions.
services: machine-learning
documentationcenter: ''
author: hning86
ms.author: haining
manager: mwinkle
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: 9bac5154-a56c-4e78-9d67-34368b9d1624
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: studio
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 12/18/2017
ms.openlocfilehash: 1db1b8ee7ba3611f8d1d69f711f1ec72308c7d06
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44870852"
---
# <a name="microsoft-cortana-intelligence-competitions-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="91f4d-103">Microsoft Cortana Intelligence Competitions FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-103">Microsoft Cortana Intelligence Competitions FAQ</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-104">**What is Cortana Intelligence Competitions?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-104">**What is Cortana Intelligence Competitions?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-105">The Microsoft Cortana Intelligence Competitions unites a global community of data enthusiasts by collectively solving some of the world’s most complex data science problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-105">The Microsoft Cortana Intelligence Competitions unites a global community of data enthusiasts by collectively solving some of the world’s most complex data science problems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-106">Cortana Intelligence Competitions allow data enthusiasts from across the world to compete and build highly accurate and intelligent data science models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-106">Cortana Intelligence Competitions allow data enthusiasts from across the world to compete and build highly accurate and intelligent data science models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-107">These hosted competitions are based on unique data sets that have been made available publically for the first time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-107">These hosted competitions are based on unique data sets that have been made available publically for the first time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-108">Participants can win rewards or get recognition via the top 10 public leaderboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-108">Participants can win rewards or get recognition via the top 10 public leaderboard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-109">You can access the Competitions home page at [aka.ms/CIComp](http://aka.ms/CIComp).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-109">You can access the Competitions home page at [aka.ms/CIComp](http://aka.ms/CIComp).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-110">**How often will Microsoft release new competitions?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-110">**How often will Microsoft release new competitions?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-111">We will be launching 1st-party, Microsoft-owned competitions on a regular basis, approximately every 8-12 weeks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-111">We will be launching 1st-party, Microsoft-owned competitions on a regular basis, approximately every 8-12 weeks.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-112">**Where can I ask general questions about data science?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-112">**Where can I ask general questions about data science?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-113">For general questions, you can use the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning forum](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/forums/azure/home?forum=MachineLearning).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-113">For general questions, you can use the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning forum](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/forums/azure/home?forum=MachineLearning).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-114">**How do I enter a competition?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-114">**How do I enter a competition?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-115">Access the [Competitions](https://gallery.cortanaintelligence.com/competitions) home page in the [Azure AI Gallery](https://gallery.cortanaintelligence.com/), or go to [http://aka.ms/CIComp](http://aka.ms/CIComp).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-115">Access the [Competitions](https://gallery.cortanaintelligence.com/competitions) home page in the [Azure AI Gallery](https://gallery.cortanaintelligence.com/), or go to [http://aka.ms/CIComp](http://aka.ms/CIComp).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-116">The home page lists all competitions that are currently running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-116">The home page lists all competitions that are currently running.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-117">Each competition has detailed instructions and participation rules, prizes, and duration on its sign-up page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-117">Each competition has detailed instructions and participation rules, prizes, and duration on its sign-up page.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-118">Find the competition you’d like to participate in, read all the instructions and watch the tutorial video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-118">Find the competition you’d like to participate in, read all the instructions and watch the tutorial video.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-119">Then click the **Enter Competition** button and copy the Starter Experiment into your existing Azure Machine Learning workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-119">Then click the **Enter Competition** button and copy the Starter Experiment into your existing Azure Machine Learning workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-120">If you don’t already have access to a workspace, you must create one beforehand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-120">If you don’t already have access to a workspace, you must create one beforehand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-121">Run the Starter Experiment, observe the performance metric, then use your creativity to improve the performance of the model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-121">Run the Starter Experiment, observe the performance metric, then use your creativity to improve the performance of the model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-122">You'll likely spend the majority of your time in this step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-122">You'll likely spend the majority of your time in this step.</span></span>   

2. <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-123">Create a Predictive Experiment with the trained model out of your Starter Experiment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-123">Create a Predictive Experiment with the trained model out of your Starter Experiment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-124">Then carefully adjust the input and output schema of the web service to ensure they conform to the requirements specified in the competition documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-124">Then carefully adjust the input and output schema of the web service to ensure they conform to the requirements specified in the competition documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-125">The tutorial document generally has detailed instructions for this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-125">The tutorial document generally has detailed instructions for this.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-126">You can also watch the tutorial video, if available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-126">You can also watch the tutorial video, if available.</span></span>   

3. <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-127">Deploy a web service out of your Predictive Experiment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-127">Deploy a web service out of your Predictive Experiment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-128">Test your web service using the **Test** button or the Excel template automatically created for you to ensure it's working properly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-128">Test your web service using the **Test** button or the Excel template automatically created for you to ensure it's working properly.</span></span>   

4. <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-129">Submit your web service as the competition entry and see your public score in the Azure AI Gallery competition page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-129">Submit your web service as the competition entry and see your public score in the Azure AI Gallery competition page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-130">And celebrate if you make it onto the leaderboard!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-130">And celebrate if you make it onto the leaderboard!</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-131">After you successfully submit an entry, you can go back to your copied Starter Experiment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-131">After you successfully submit an entry, you can go back to your copied Starter Experiment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-132">Then iterate and update your Predictive Experiment, update the web service, and submit a new entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-132">Then iterate and update your Predictive Experiment, update the web service, and submit a new entry.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-133">**Can I use open-source tools for participating in these competitions?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-133">**Can I use open-source tools for participating in these competitions?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-134">The competition participants use Azure Machine Learning Studio, a cloud-based service within Cortana Intelligence Suite, for development of the data science models and to create competition entries for submission.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-134">The competition participants use Azure Machine Learning Studio, a cloud-based service within Cortana Intelligence Suite, for development of the data science models and to create competition entries for submission.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-135">Machine Learning Studio not only provides a GUI interface for constructing machine learning experiments, it also allows you to bring your own R and/or Python scripts for native execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-135">Machine Learning Studio not only provides a GUI interface for constructing machine learning experiments, it also allows you to bring your own R and/or Python scripts for native execution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-136">The R and Python runtimes in Studio come with a rich set of open-source R/Python packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-136">The R and Python runtimes in Studio come with a rich set of open-source R/Python packages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-137">You can import your own packages as part of the experiment as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-137">You can import your own packages as part of the experiment as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-138">Studio also has a built-in Jupyter Notebook service for you to do free style data exploration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-138">Studio also has a built-in Jupyter Notebook service for you to do free style data exploration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-139">Of course, you can always download the datasets used in the competition and explore it in your favorite tool outside of Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-139">Of course, you can always download the datasets used in the competition and explore it in your favorite tool outside of Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-140">**Do I need to be a data scientist to enter?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-140">**Do I need to be a data scientist to enter?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-141">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-141">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-142">In fact, we encourage data enthusiasts, anyone curious about data science, and other aspiring data scientists to enter our contest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-142">In fact, we encourage data enthusiasts, anyone curious about data science, and other aspiring data scientists to enter our contest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-143">We have designed supporting documents to allow everyone to compete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-143">We have designed supporting documents to allow everyone to compete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-144">The target audience is:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-144">The target audience is:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-145">**Data Developers**, **Data Scientists**, **BI** and **Analytics Professionals**: those who are responsible for producing data and analytics content for others to consume</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-145">**Data Developers**, **Data Scientists**, **BI** and **Analytics Professionals**: those who are responsible for producing data and analytics content for others to consume</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-146">**Data Stewards**: those who have the knowledge about the data, what it means, and how it's intended to be used and for which purpose</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-146">**Data Stewards**: those who have the knowledge about the data, what it means, and how it's intended to be used and for which purpose</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-147">**Students** & **Researchers:** those who are learning and gaining data-related skills via academic programs in universities, or participants in Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-147">**Students** & **Researchers:** those who are learning and gaining data-related skills via academic programs in universities, or participants in Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-148">**Can I enter with my colleagues as a team?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-148">**Can I enter with my colleagues as a team?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-149">The competition platform currently doesn't support team participation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-149">The competition platform currently doesn't support team participation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-150">Each competition entry is tied to a single user identity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-150">Each competition entry is tied to a single user identity.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-151">**Do I need to pay to participate in a competition?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-151">**Do I need to pay to participate in a competition?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-152">Competitions are free to participate in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-152">Competitions are free to participate in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-153">You do, however, need access to an Azure Machine Learning workspace to participate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-153">You do, however, need access to an Azure Machine Learning workspace to participate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-154">You can create a Free workspace without a credit card by simply logging in with a valid Microsoft account, or an Office 365 account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-154">You can create a Free workspace without a credit card by simply logging in with a valid Microsoft account, or an Office 365 account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-155">If you're already an Azure or Cortana Intelligence Suite customer, you can create and use a Standard workspace under the same Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-155">If you're already an Azure or Cortana Intelligence Suite customer, you can create and use a Standard workspace under the same Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-156">If you'd like to purchase an Azure subscription, go to the [Azure pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-156">If you'd like to purchase an Azure subscription, go to the [Azure pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing) page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-157">Note that the standard rates will apply when using a Standard workspace to construct experiments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-157">Note that the standard rates will apply when using a Standard workspace to construct experiments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-158">For more information, see [Azure Machine Learning pricing information](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-158">For more information, see [Azure Machine Learning pricing information](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/).</span></span> 

[!INCLUDE [machine-learning-free-trial](../../../includes/machine-learning-free-trial.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-159">**What are public and private scores?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-159">**What are public and private scores?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-160">In most competitions, you'll notice that you'll receive a public score for every submission you make, generally within 10-20 minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-160">In most competitions, you'll notice that you'll receive a public score for every submission you make, generally within 10-20 minutes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-161">But after the competition ends, you'll receive a private score which is used for final ranking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-161">But after the competition ends, you'll receive a private score which is used for final ranking.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-162">Here's what happens:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-162">Here's what happens:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-163">The entire dataset used in the competition is randomly split with stratification into training and testing (the remaining) data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-163">The entire dataset used in the competition is randomly split with stratification into training and testing (the remaining) data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-164">The random split is stratified to ensure that the distributions of labels in both training and testing data are consistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-164">The random split is stratified to ensure that the distributions of labels in both training and testing data are consistent.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-165">The training data is uploaded and given to you as part of the Starter Experiment in the Import Data module configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-165">The training data is uploaded and given to you as part of the Starter Experiment in the Import Data module configuration.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-166">The testing data is further split into public and private testing data, using the same stratification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-166">The testing data is further split into public and private testing data, using the same stratification.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-167">The public testing data is used for the initial round of scoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-167">The public testing data is used for the initial round of scoring.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-168">The result is referred to as the public score.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-168">The result is referred to as the public score.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-169">It's what you see in your submission history when you submit your entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-169">It's what you see in your submission history when you submit your entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-170">This score is calculated for every entry you submit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-170">This score is calculated for every entry you submit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-171">This public score is used to rank you on the public leaderboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-171">This public score is used to rank you on the public leaderboard.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-172">The private testing data is used for the final round of scoring after the competition ends.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-172">The private testing data is used for the final round of scoring after the competition ends.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-173">This is referred to as private score.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-173">This is referred to as private score.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-174">For each participant, a fixed number of entries with the highest public scores are automatically selected to enter the private scoring round (this number can vary depending on the competition).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-174">For each participant, a fixed number of entries with the highest public scores are automatically selected to enter the private scoring round (this number can vary depending on the competition).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-175">The entry with the highest private score is then selected to enter the final ranking, which ultimately determines the prize winners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-175">The entry with the highest private score is then selected to enter the final ranking, which ultimately determines the prize winners.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-176">**Can customers host a competition on our platform?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-176">**Can customers host a competition on our platform?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-177">We welcome 3rd-party organizations to partner with us and host both public and private competitions on our platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-177">We welcome 3rd-party organizations to partner with us and host both public and private competitions on our platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-178">We have a competition onboarding team who will be happy to discuss the onboarding process for such competitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-178">We have a competition onboarding team who will be happy to discuss the onboarding process for such competitions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-179">Please get in touch with us at [compsupport@microsoft.com](mailto:compsupport@microsoft.com) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-179">Please get in touch with us at [compsupport@microsoft.com](mailto:compsupport@microsoft.com) for more details.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-180">**What are the limitations for submissions?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-180">**What are the limitations for submissions?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-181">A typical competition may choose to limit the number of entries you can submit within a 24-hour span (UTC time 00:00:00 to 23:59:59), and the total number of entries you can submit over the duration of the competition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-181">A typical competition may choose to limit the number of entries you can submit within a 24-hour span (UTC time 00:00:00 to 23:59:59), and the total number of entries you can submit over the duration of the competition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-182">You'll receive appropriate error messages when a limitation is exceeded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-182">You'll receive appropriate error messages when a limitation is exceeded.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-183">**What happens if I win a competition?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-183">**What happens if I win a competition?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-184">Microsoft will verify the results of the private leaderboard, and then we'll contact you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-184">Microsoft will verify the results of the private leaderboard, and then we'll contact you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-185">Please make sure that your email address in your user profile is up-to-date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-185">Please make sure that your email address in your user profile is up-to-date.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-186">**How will I get the prize money if I win a competition?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-186">**How will I get the prize money if I win a competition?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-187">If you are a competition winner, you will need to sign a declaration of eligibility, license, and release from.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-187">If you are a competition winner, you will need to sign a declaration of eligibility, license, and release from.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-188">This form reiterates the Competition Rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-188">This form reiterates the Competition Rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-189">Winners need to fill out a US Tax form W-9, or a Form W-8BEN if they are not US taxpayers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-189">Winners need to fill out a US Tax form W-9, or a Form W-8BEN if they are not US taxpayers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-190">We will contact all winners as part of the rewards disbursement process by using their registration email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-190">We will contact all winners as part of the rewards disbursement process by using their registration email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-191">Please refer to our [Terms and Conditions](http://aka.ms/comptermsandconditions) for additional details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-191">Please refer to our [Terms and Conditions](http://aka.ms/comptermsandconditions) for additional details.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-192">**What if more than one entry receives the same score?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-192">**What if more than one entry receives the same score?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-193">The submission time is the tie-breaker.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-193">The submission time is the tie-breaker.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-194">The entry submitted earlier outranks the entry submitted later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-194">The entry submitted earlier outranks the entry submitted later.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-195">**Can I participate using guest workspace?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-195">**Can I participate using guest workspace?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-196">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-196">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-197">You must use a Free or a Standard workspace to participate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-197">You must use a Free or a Standard workspace to participate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-198">You can open the competition starter experiment in a Guest workspace, but you'll not be able to create a valid entry for submission from that workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-198">You can open the competition starter experiment in a Guest workspace, but you'll not be able to create a valid entry for submission from that workspace.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-199">**Can I participate using a workspace in any Azure region?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-199">**Can I participate using a workspace in any Azure region?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-200">Currently, the competition platform only supports entries submitted from a workspace in the **South Central US** Azure region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-200">Currently, the competition platform only supports entries submitted from a workspace in the **South Central US** Azure region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-201">All Free workspaces reside in South Central US, so you can submit an entry from any Free workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-201">All Free workspaces reside in South Central US, so you can submit an entry from any Free workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-202">If you choose to use a Standard workspace, just ensure that it resides in the South Central US Azure region, otherwise your submission won't succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-202">If you choose to use a Standard workspace, just ensure that it resides in the South Central US Azure region, otherwise your submission won't succeed.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-203">**Do we keep users’ competitions solutions and entries?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-203">**Do we keep users’ competitions solutions and entries?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="91f4d-204">User entries are only retained for evaluation purposes to identify the winning solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-204">User entries are only retained for evaluation purposes to identify the winning solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="91f4d-205">Please refer to our [Terms and Conditions](http://aka.ms/comptermsandconditions) for specifics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91f4d-205">Please refer to our [Terms and Conditions](http://aka.ms/comptermsandconditions) for specifics.</span></span>

