---
title: Azure Machine Learning frequently asked questions (FAQs) | Microsoft Docs
description: 'Azure Machine Learning introduction: FAQ covering billing, capabilities, and limitations of a cloud service for streamlined predictive modeling.'
keywords: machine learning introduction,predictive modeling,what is machine learning
services: machine-learning
documentationcenter: ''
author: heatherbshapiro
ms.author: hshapiro
manager: hjerez
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: a4a32a06-dbed-4727-a857-c10da774ce66
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: studio
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.date: 06/02/2017
ms.openlocfilehash: a557e33b7513435430f7eb9d5af504b306978559
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44867365"
---
# <a name="azure-machine-learning-frequently-asked-questions-billing-capabilities-limitations-and-support"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-104">Azure Machine Learning frequently asked questions: Billing, capabilities, limitations, and support</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-104">Azure Machine Learning frequently asked questions: Billing, capabilities, limitations, and support</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-105">Here are some frequently asked questions (FAQs) and corresponding answers about Azure Machine Learning, a cloud service for developing predictive models and operationalizing solutions through web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-105">Here are some frequently asked questions (FAQs) and corresponding answers about Azure Machine Learning, a cloud service for developing predictive models and operationalizing solutions through web services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-106">These FAQs provide questions about how to use the service, which includes the billing model, capabilities, limitations, and support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-106">These FAQs provide questions about how to use the service, which includes the billing model, capabilities, limitations, and support.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-107">**Have a question you can't find here?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-107">**Have a question you can't find here?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-108">Azure Machine Learning has a forum on MSDN where members of the data science community can ask questions about Azure Machine Learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-108">Azure Machine Learning has a forum on MSDN where members of the data science community can ask questions about Azure Machine Learning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-109">The Azure Machine Learning team monitors the forum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-109">The Azure Machine Learning team monitors the forum.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-110">Go to the [Azure Machine Learning Forum](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/windowsazure/home?forum=MachineLearning) to search for answers or to post a new question of your own.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-110">Go to the [Azure Machine Learning Forum](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/windowsazure/home?forum=MachineLearning) to search for answers or to post a new question of your own.</span></span>

## <a name="general-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-111">General questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-111">General questions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-112">**What is Azure Machine Learning?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-112">**What is Azure Machine Learning?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-113">Azure Machine Learning is a fully managed service that you can use to create, test, operate, and manage predictive analytic solutions in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-113">Azure Machine Learning is a fully managed service that you can use to create, test, operate, and manage predictive analytic solutions in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-114">With only a browser, you can sign in, upload data, and immediately start machine-learning experiments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-114">With only a browser, you can sign in, upload data, and immediately start machine-learning experiments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-115">Drag-and-drop predictive modeling, a large pallet of modules, and a library of starting templates make common machine-learning tasks simple and quick.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-115">Drag-and-drop predictive modeling, a large pallet of modules, and a library of starting templates make common machine-learning tasks simple and quick.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-116">For more information, see the [Azure Machine Learning service overview](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/machine-learning/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-116">For more information, see the [Azure Machine Learning service overview](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/machine-learning/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-117">For an introduction to machine learning that explains key terminology and concepts, see [Introduction to Azure Machine Learning](what-is-machine-learning.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-117">For an introduction to machine learning that explains key terminology and concepts, see [Introduction to Azure Machine Learning](what-is-machine-learning.md).</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [machine-learning-free-trial](../../../includes/machine-learning-free-trial.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-118">**What is Machine Learning Studio?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-118">**What is Machine Learning Studio?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-119">Machine Learning Studio is a workbench environment that you access by using a web browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-119">Machine Learning Studio is a workbench environment that you access by using a web browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-120">Machine Learning Studio hosts a pallet of modules in a visual composition interface that helps you build an end-to-end, data-science workflow in the form of an experiment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-120">Machine Learning Studio hosts a pallet of modules in a visual composition interface that helps you build an end-to-end, data-science workflow in the form of an experiment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-121">For more information about Machine Learning Studio, see [What is Machine Learning Studio?](what-is-ml-studio.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-121">For more information about Machine Learning Studio, see [What is Machine Learning Studio?](what-is-ml-studio.md)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-122">**What is the Machine Learning API service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-122">**What is the Machine Learning API service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-123">The Machine Learning API service enables you to deploy predictive models, like those that are built into Machine Learning Studio, as scalable, fault-tolerant, web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-123">The Machine Learning API service enables you to deploy predictive models, like those that are built into Machine Learning Studio, as scalable, fault-tolerant, web services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-124">The web services that the Machine Learning API service creates are REST APIs that provide an interface for communication between external applications and your predictive analytics models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-124">The web services that the Machine Learning API service creates are REST APIs that provide an interface for communication between external applications and your predictive analytics models.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-125">For more information, see [How to consume an Azure Machine Learning Web service](consume-web-services.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-125">For more information, see [How to consume an Azure Machine Learning Web service](consume-web-services.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-126">**Where are my Classic web services listed? Where are my New (Azure Resource Manager-based) web services listed?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-126">**Where are my Classic web services listed? Where are my New (Azure Resource Manager-based) web services listed?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-127">Web services created using the Classic deployment model and web services created using the New Azure Resource Manager deployment model are listed in the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/) portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-127">Web services created using the Classic deployment model and web services created using the New Azure Resource Manager deployment model are listed in the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/) portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-128">Classic web services are also listed in [Machine Learning Studio](http://studio.azureml.net) on the **Web services** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-128">Classic web services are also listed in [Machine Learning Studio](http://studio.azureml.net) on the **Web services** tab.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-machine-learning-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-129">Azure Machine Learning questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-129">Azure Machine Learning questions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-130">**What are Azure Machine Learning web services?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-130">**What are Azure Machine Learning web services?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-131">Machine Learning web services provide an interface between an application and a Machine Learning workflow scoring model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-131">Machine Learning web services provide an interface between an application and a Machine Learning workflow scoring model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-132">An external application can use Azure Machine Learning to communicate with a Machine Learning workflow scoring model in real time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-132">An external application can use Azure Machine Learning to communicate with a Machine Learning workflow scoring model in real time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-133">A call to a Machine Learning web service returns prediction results to an external application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-133">A call to a Machine Learning web service returns prediction results to an external application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-134">To make a call to a web service, you pass an API key that was created when you deployed the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-134">To make a call to a web service, you pass an API key that was created when you deployed the web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-135">A Machine Learning web service is based on REST, a popular architecture choice for web programming projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-135">A Machine Learning web service is based on REST, a popular architecture choice for web programming projects.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-136">Azure Machine Learning has two types of web services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-136">Azure Machine Learning has two types of web services:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-137">Request-Response Service (RRS): A low latency, highly scalable service that provides an interface to the stateless models created and deployed by using Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-137">Request-Response Service (RRS): A low latency, highly scalable service that provides an interface to the stateless models created and deployed by using Machine Learning Studio.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-138">Batch Execution Service (BES): An asynchronous service that scores a batch for data records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-138">Batch Execution Service (BES): An asynchronous service that scores a batch for data records.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-139">There are several ways to consume the REST API and access the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-139">There are several ways to consume the REST API and access the web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-140">For example, you can write an application in C#, R, or Python by using the sample code that's generated for you when you deployed the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-140">For example, you can write an application in C#, R, or Python by using the sample code that's generated for you when you deployed the web service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-141">The sample code is available on:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-141">The sample code is available on:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-142">The Consume page for the web service in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-142">The Consume page for the web service in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-143">The API Help Page in the web service dashboard in Machine Learning Studio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-143">The API Help Page in the web service dashboard in Machine Learning Studio</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-144">You can also use the sample Microsoft Excel workbook that's created for you and is available in the web service dashboard in Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-144">You can also use the sample Microsoft Excel workbook that's created for you and is available in the web service dashboard in Machine Learning Studio.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-145">**What are the main updates to Azure Machine Learning?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-145">**What are the main updates to Azure Machine Learning?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-146">For the latest updates, see [What's new in Azure Machine Learning](../../active-directory/fundamentals/whats-new.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-146">For the latest updates, see [What's new in Azure Machine Learning](../../active-directory/fundamentals/whats-new.md).</span></span>

## <a name="machine-learning-studio-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-147">Machine Learning Studio questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-147">Machine Learning Studio questions</span></span>
### <a name="import-and-export-data-for-machine-learning"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-148">Import and export data for Machine Learning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-148">Import and export data for Machine Learning</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-149">**What data sources does Machine Learning support?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-149">**What data sources does Machine Learning support?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-150">You can download data to a Machine Learning Studio experiment in three ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-150">You can download data to a Machine Learning Studio experiment in three ways:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-151">Upload a local file as a dataset</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-151">Upload a local file as a dataset</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-152">Use a module to import data from cloud data services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-152">Use a module to import data from cloud data services</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-153">Import a dataset saved from another experiment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-153">Import a dataset saved from another experiment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-154">To learn more about supported file formats, see [Import training data into Machine Learning Studio](import-data.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-154">To learn more about supported file formats, see [Import training data into Machine Learning Studio](import-data.md).</span></span>

#### <a id="ModuleLimit"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-155">How large can the data set be for my modules?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-155">How large can the data set be for my modules?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-156">Modules in Machine Learning Studio support datasets of up to 10 GB of dense numerical data for common use cases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-156">Modules in Machine Learning Studio support datasets of up to 10 GB of dense numerical data for common use cases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-157">If a module takes more than one input, the 10 GB value is the total of all input sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-157">If a module takes more than one input, the 10 GB value is the total of all input sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-158">You can also sample larger datasets by using queries from Hive or Azure SQL Database, or you can use Learning by Counts preprocessing before ingestion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-158">You can also sample larger datasets by using queries from Hive or Azure SQL Database, or you can use Learning by Counts preprocessing before ingestion.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-159">The following types of data can expand to larger datasets during feature normalization and are limited to less than 10 GB:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-159">The following types of data can expand to larger datasets during feature normalization and are limited to less than 10 GB:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-160">Sparse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-160">Sparse</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-161">Categorical</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-161">Categorical</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-162">Strings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-162">Strings</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-163">Binary data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-163">Binary data</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-164">The following modules are limited to datasets less than 10 GB:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-164">The following modules are limited to datasets less than 10 GB:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-165">Recommender modules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-165">Recommender modules</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-166">Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE) module</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-166">Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE) module</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-167">Scripting modules: R, Python, SQL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-167">Scripting modules: R, Python, SQL</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-168">Modules where the output data size can be larger than input data size, such as Join or Feature Hashing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-168">Modules where the output data size can be larger than input data size, such as Join or Feature Hashing</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-169">Cross-validation, Tune Model Hyperparameters, Ordinal Regression, and One-vs-All Multiclass, when the number of iterations is very large</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-169">Cross-validation, Tune Model Hyperparameters, Ordinal Regression, and One-vs-All Multiclass, when the number of iterations is very large</span></span>

#### <a id="UploadLimit"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-170">What are the limits for data upload?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-170">What are the limits for data upload?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-171">For datasets that are larger than a couple GBs, upload data to Azure Storage or Azure SQL Database, or use Azure HDInsight rather than directly uploading from a local file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-171">For datasets that are larger than a couple GBs, upload data to Azure Storage or Azure SQL Database, or use Azure HDInsight rather than directly uploading from a local file.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-172">**Can I read data from Amazon S3?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-172">**Can I read data from Amazon S3?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-173">If you have a small amount of data and want to expose it via an HTTP URL, then you can use the [Import Data][import-data] module.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-173">If you have a small amount of data and want to expose it via an HTTP URL, then you can use the [Import Data][import-data] module.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-174">For larger amounts of data, transfer it to Azure Storage first, and then use the [Import Data][import-data] module to bring it into your experiment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-174">For larger amounts of data, transfer it to Azure Storage first, and then use the [Import Data][import-data] module to bring it into your experiment.</span></span>
<!--

<SEE CLOUD DS PROCESS>
-->

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-175">**Is there a built-in image input capability?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-175">**Is there a built-in image input capability?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-176">You can learn about image input capability in the [Import Images][image-reader] reference.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-176">You can learn about image input capability in the [Import Images][image-reader] reference.</span></span>

### <a name="modules"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-177">Modules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-177">Modules</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-178">**The algorithm, data source, data format, or data transformation operation that I am looking for isn't in Azure Machine Learning Studio. What are my options?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-178">**The algorithm, data source, data format, or data transformation operation that I am looking for isn't in Azure Machine Learning Studio. What are my options?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-179">You can go to the [user feedback forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=404231) to see feature requests that we are tracking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-179">You can go to the [user feedback forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=404231) to see feature requests that we are tracking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-180">Add your vote to a request if a capability that you're looking for has already been requested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-180">Add your vote to a request if a capability that you're looking for has already been requested.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-181">If the capability that you're looking for doesn't exist, create a new request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-181">If the capability that you're looking for doesn't exist, create a new request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-182">You can view the status of your request in this forum, too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-182">You can view the status of your request in this forum, too.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-183">We track this list closely and update the status of feature availability frequently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-183">We track this list closely and update the status of feature availability frequently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-184">In addition, you can use the built-in support for R and Python to create custom transformations when needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-184">In addition, you can use the built-in support for R and Python to create custom transformations when needed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-185">**Can I bring my existing code into Machine Learning Studio?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-185">**Can I bring my existing code into Machine Learning Studio?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-186">Yes, you can bring your existing R or Python code into Machine Learning Studio, run it in the same experiment with Azure Machine Learning learners, and deploy the solution as a web service via Azure Machine Learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-186">Yes, you can bring your existing R or Python code into Machine Learning Studio, run it in the same experiment with Azure Machine Learning learners, and deploy the solution as a web service via Azure Machine Learning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-187">For more information, see [Extend your experiment with R](extend-your-experiment-with-r.md) and [Execute Python machine learning scripts in Azure Machine Learning Studio](execute-python-scripts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-187">For more information, see [Extend your experiment with R](extend-your-experiment-with-r.md) and [Execute Python machine learning scripts in Azure Machine Learning Studio](execute-python-scripts.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-188">**Is it possible to use something like [PMML](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Predictive_Model_Markup_Language) to define a model?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-188">**Is it possible to use something like [PMML](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Predictive_Model_Markup_Language) to define a model?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-189">No, Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML) is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-189">No, Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML) is not supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-190">You can use custom R and Python code to define a module.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-190">You can use custom R and Python code to define a module.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-191">**How many modules can I execute in parallel in my experiment?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-191">**How many modules can I execute in parallel in my experiment?**</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-192">You can execute up to four modules in parallel in an experiment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-192">You can execute up to four modules in parallel in an experiment.</span></span>

### <a name="data-processing"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-193">Data processing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-193">Data processing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-194">**Is there an ability to visualize data (beyond R visualizations) interactively within the experiment?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-194">**Is there an ability to visualize data (beyond R visualizations) interactively within the experiment?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-195">Click the output of a module to visualize the data and get statistics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-195">Click the output of a module to visualize the data and get statistics.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-196">**When previewing results or data in a browser, the number of rows and columns is limited. Why?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-196">**When previewing results or data in a browser, the number of rows and columns is limited. Why?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-197">Because large amounts of data might be sent to a browser, data size is limited to prevent slowing down Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-197">Because large amounts of data might be sent to a browser, data size is limited to prevent slowing down Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-198">To visualize all the data/results, it's better to download the data and use Excel or another tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-198">To visualize all the data/results, it's better to download the data and use Excel or another tool.</span></span>

### <a name="algorithms"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-199">Algorithms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-199">Algorithms</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-200">**What existing algorithms are supported in Machine Learning Studio?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-200">**What existing algorithms are supported in Machine Learning Studio?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-201">Machine Learning Studio provides state-of-the-art algorithms, such as Scalable Boosted Decision trees, Bayesian Recommendation systems, Deep Neural Networks, and Decision Jungles developed at Microsoft Research.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-201">Machine Learning Studio provides state-of-the-art algorithms, such as Scalable Boosted Decision trees, Bayesian Recommendation systems, Deep Neural Networks, and Decision Jungles developed at Microsoft Research.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-202">Scalable open-source machine learning packages, like Vowpal Wabbit, are also included.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-202">Scalable open-source machine learning packages, like Vowpal Wabbit, are also included.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-203">Machine Learning Studio supports machine learning algorithms for multiclass and binary classification, regression, and clustering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-203">Machine Learning Studio supports machine learning algorithms for multiclass and binary classification, regression, and clustering.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-204">See the complete list of [Machine Learning Modules][machine-learning-modules].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-204">See the complete list of [Machine Learning Modules][machine-learning-modules].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-205">**Do you automatically suggest the right Machine Learning algorithm to use for my data?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-205">**Do you automatically suggest the right Machine Learning algorithm to use for my data?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-206">No, but Machine Learning Studio has various ways to compare the results of each algorithm to determine the right one for your problem.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-206">No, but Machine Learning Studio has various ways to compare the results of each algorithm to determine the right one for your problem.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-207">**Do you have any guidelines on picking one algorithm over another for the provided algorithms?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-207">**Do you have any guidelines on picking one algorithm over another for the provided algorithms?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-208">See [How to choose an algorithm](algorithm-choice.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-208">See [How to choose an algorithm](algorithm-choice.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-209">**Are the provided algorithms written in R or Python?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-209">**Are the provided algorithms written in R or Python?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-210">No, these algorithms are mostly written in compiled languages to provide better performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-210">No, these algorithms are mostly written in compiled languages to provide better performance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-211">**Are any details of the algorithms provided?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-211">**Are any details of the algorithms provided?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-212">The documentation provides some information about the algorithms and parameters for tuning are described to optimize the algorithm for your use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-212">The documentation provides some information about the algorithms and parameters for tuning are described to optimize the algorithm for your use.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-213">**Is there any support for online learning?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-213">**Is there any support for online learning?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-214">No, currently only programmatic retraining is supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-214">No, currently only programmatic retraining is supported.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-215">**Can I visualize the layers of a Neural Net Model by using the built-in module?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-215">**Can I visualize the layers of a Neural Net Model by using the built-in module?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-216">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-216">No.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-217">**Can I create my own modules in C# or some other language?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-217">**Can I create my own modules in C# or some other language?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-218">Currently, you can only use R to create new custom modules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-218">Currently, you can only use R to create new custom modules.</span></span>

### <a name="r-module"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-219">R module</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-219">R module</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-220">**What R packages are available in Machine Learning Studio?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-220">**What R packages are available in Machine Learning Studio?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-221">Machine Learning Studio supports more than 400 CRAN R packages today, and here is the [current list](http://az754797.vo.msecnd.net/docs/RPackages.xlsx) of all included packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-221">Machine Learning Studio supports more than 400 CRAN R packages today, and here is the [current list](http://az754797.vo.msecnd.net/docs/RPackages.xlsx) of all included packages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-222">Also, see [Extend your experiment with R](extend-your-experiment-with-r.md) to learn how to retrieve this list yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-222">Also, see [Extend your experiment with R](extend-your-experiment-with-r.md) to learn how to retrieve this list yourself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-223">If the package that you want is not in this list, provide the name of the package at the [user feedback forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=404231).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-223">If the package that you want is not in this list, provide the name of the package at the [user feedback forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=404231).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-224">**Is it possible to build a custom R module?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-224">**Is it possible to build a custom R module?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-225">Yes, see [Author custom R modules in Azure Machine Learning](custom-r-modules.md) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-225">Yes, see [Author custom R modules in Azure Machine Learning](custom-r-modules.md) for more information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-226">**Is there a REPL environment for R?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-226">**Is there a REPL environment for R?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-227">No, there is no Read-Eval-Print-Loop (REPL) environment for R in the studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-227">No, there is no Read-Eval-Print-Loop (REPL) environment for R in the studio.</span></span>

### <a name="python-module"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-228">Python module</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-228">Python module</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-229">**Is it possible to build a custom Python module?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-229">**Is it possible to build a custom Python module?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-230">Not currently, but you can use one or more [Execute Python Script][python] modules to get the same result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-230">Not currently, but you can use one or more [Execute Python Script][python] modules to get the same result.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-231">**Is there a REPL environment for Python?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-231">**Is there a REPL environment for Python?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-232">You can use the Jupyter Notebooks in Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-232">You can use the Jupyter Notebooks in Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-233">For more information, see [Introducing Jupyter Notebooks in Azure Machine Learning Studio](http://blogs.technet.com/b/machinelearning/archive/2015/07/24/introducing-jupyter-notebooks-in-azure-ml-studio.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-233">For more information, see [Introducing Jupyter Notebooks in Azure Machine Learning Studio](http://blogs.technet.com/b/machinelearning/archive/2015/07/24/introducing-jupyter-notebooks-in-azure-ml-studio.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-234">Web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-234">Web service</span></span>
### <a name="retrain"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-235">Retrain</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-235">Retrain</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-236">**How do I retrain Azure Machine Learning models programmatically?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-236">**How do I retrain Azure Machine Learning models programmatically?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-237">Use the retraining APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-237">Use the retraining APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-238">For more information, see [Retrain Machine Learning models programmatically](retrain-models-programmatically.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-238">For more information, see [Retrain Machine Learning models programmatically](retrain-models-programmatically.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-239">Sample code is also available in the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Retraining Demo](https://azuremlretrain.codeplex.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-239">Sample code is also available in the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Retraining Demo](https://azuremlretrain.codeplex.com/).</span></span>

### <a name="create"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-240">Create</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-240">Create</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-241">**Can I deploy the model locally or in an application that doesn't have an Internet connection?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-241">**Can I deploy the model locally or in an application that doesn't have an Internet connection?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-242">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-242">No.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-243">**Is there a baseline latency that is expected for all web services?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-243">**Is there a baseline latency that is expected for all web services?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-244">See the [Azure subscription limits](../../azure-subscription-service-limits.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-244">See the [Azure subscription limits](../../azure-subscription-service-limits.md).</span></span>

### <a name="use"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-245">Use</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-245">Use</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-246">**When would I want to run my predictive model as a Batch Execution service versus a Request Response service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-246">**When would I want to run my predictive model as a Batch Execution service versus a Request Response service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-247">The Request Response service (RRS) is a low-latency, high-scale web service that is used to provide an interface to stateless models that are created and deployed from the experimentation environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-247">The Request Response service (RRS) is a low-latency, high-scale web service that is used to provide an interface to stateless models that are created and deployed from the experimentation environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-248">The Batch Execution service (BES) is a service that asynchronously scores a batch of data records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-248">The Batch Execution service (BES) is a service that asynchronously scores a batch of data records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-249">The input for BES is like data input that RRS uses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-249">The input for BES is like data input that RRS uses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-250">The main difference is that BES reads a block of records from a variety of sources, such as Azure Blob storage, Azure Table storage, Azure SQL Database, HDInsight (hive query), and HTTP sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-250">The main difference is that BES reads a block of records from a variety of sources, such as Azure Blob storage, Azure Table storage, Azure SQL Database, HDInsight (hive query), and HTTP sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-251">For more information, see [How to consume an Azure Machine Learning Web service](consume-web-services.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-251">For more information, see [How to consume an Azure Machine Learning Web service](consume-web-services.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-252">**How do I update the model for the deployed web service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-252">**How do I update the model for the deployed web service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-253">To update a predictive model for an already deployed service, modify and rerun the experiment that you used to author and save the trained model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-253">To update a predictive model for an already deployed service, modify and rerun the experiment that you used to author and save the trained model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-254">After you have a new version of the trained model available, Machine Learning Studio asks you if you want to update your web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-254">After you have a new version of the trained model available, Machine Learning Studio asks you if you want to update your web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-255">For details about how to update a deployed web service, see [Deploy a Machine Learning web service](publish-a-machine-learning-web-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-255">For details about how to update a deployed web service, see [Deploy a Machine Learning web service](publish-a-machine-learning-web-service.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-256">You can also use the Retraining APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-256">You can also use the Retraining APIs.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-257">For more information, see [Retrain Machine Learning models programmatically](retrain-models-programmatically.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-257">For more information, see [Retrain Machine Learning models programmatically](retrain-models-programmatically.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-258">Sample code is also available in the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Retraining Demo](https://azuremlretrain.codeplex.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-258">Sample code is also available in the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Retraining Demo](https://azuremlretrain.codeplex.com/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-259">**How do I monitor my web service deployed in production?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-259">**How do I monitor my web service deployed in production?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-260">After you deploy a predictive model, you can monitor it from the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-260">After you deploy a predictive model, you can monitor it from the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-261">Each deployed service has its own dashboard where you can see monitoring information for that service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-261">Each deployed service has its own dashboard where you can see monitoring information for that service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-262">For more information about how to manage your deployed web services, see [Manage a Web service using the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal](manage-new-webservice.md) and [Manage an Azure Machine Learning workspace](manage-workspace.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-262">For more information about how to manage your deployed web services, see [Manage a Web service using the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal](manage-new-webservice.md) and [Manage an Azure Machine Learning workspace](manage-workspace.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-263">**Is there a place where I can see the output of my RRS/BES?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-263">**Is there a place where I can see the output of my RRS/BES?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-264">For RRS, the web service response is typically where you see the result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-264">For RRS, the web service response is typically where you see the result.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-265">You can also write it to Azure Blob storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-265">You can also write it to Azure Blob storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-266">For BES, the output is written to a blob by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-266">For BES, the output is written to a blob by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-267">You can also write the output to a database or table by using the [Export Data][export-data] module.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-267">You can also write the output to a database or table by using the [Export Data][export-data] module.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-268">**Can I create web services only from models that were created in Machine Learning Studio?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-268">**Can I create web services only from models that were created in Machine Learning Studio?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-269">No, you can also create web services directly by using Jupyter Notebooks and RStudio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-269">No, you can also create web services directly by using Jupyter Notebooks and RStudio.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-270">**Where can I find information about error codes?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-270">**Where can I find information about error codes?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-271">See [Machine Learning Module Error Codes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn905910.aspx) for a list of error codes and descriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-271">See [Machine Learning Module Error Codes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn905910.aspx) for a list of error codes and descriptions.</span></span>

## <a name="scalability"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-272">Scalability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-272">Scalability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-273">**What is the scalability of the web service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-273">**What is the scalability of the web service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-274">Currently, the default endpoint is provisioned with 20 concurrent RRS requests per endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-274">Currently, the default endpoint is provisioned with 20 concurrent RRS requests per endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-275">You can scale this to 200 concurrent requests per endpoint, and you can scale each web service to 10,000 endpoints per web service as described in [Scaling a Web Service](scaling-webservice.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-275">You can scale this to 200 concurrent requests per endpoint, and you can scale each web service to 10,000 endpoints per web service as described in [Scaling a Web Service](scaling-webservice.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-276">For BES, each endpoint can process 40 requests at a time, and additional requests beyond 40 requests are queued.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-276">For BES, each endpoint can process 40 requests at a time, and additional requests beyond 40 requests are queued.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-277">These queued requests run automatically as the queue drains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-277">These queued requests run automatically as the queue drains.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-278">**Are R jobs spread across nodes?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-278">**Are R jobs spread across nodes?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-279">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-279">No.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-280">**How much data can I use for training?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-280">**How much data can I use for training?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-281">Modules in Machine Learning Studio support datasets of up to 10 GB of dense numerical data for common use cases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-281">Modules in Machine Learning Studio support datasets of up to 10 GB of dense numerical data for common use cases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-282">If a module takes more than one input, the total size for all inputs is 10 GB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-282">If a module takes more than one input, the total size for all inputs is 10 GB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-283">You can also sample larger datasets via Hive queries, via Azure SQL Database queries, or by preprocessing with [Learning with Counts][counts] modules before ingestion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-283">You can also sample larger datasets via Hive queries, via Azure SQL Database queries, or by preprocessing with [Learning with Counts][counts] modules before ingestion.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-284">The following types of data can expand to larger datasets during feature normalization and are limited to less than 10 GB:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-284">The following types of data can expand to larger datasets during feature normalization and are limited to less than 10 GB:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-285">Sparse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-285">Sparse</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-286">Categorical</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-286">Categorical</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-287">Strings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-287">Strings</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-288">Binary data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-288">Binary data</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-289">The following modules are limited to datasets less than 10 GB:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-289">The following modules are limited to datasets less than 10 GB:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-290">Recommender modules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-290">Recommender modules</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-291">Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE) module</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-291">Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE) module</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-292">Scripting modules: R, Python, SQL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-292">Scripting modules: R, Python, SQL</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-293">Modules where the output data size can be larger than input data size, such as Join or Feature Hashing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-293">Modules where the output data size can be larger than input data size, such as Join or Feature Hashing</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-294">Cross-Validate, Tune Model Hyperparameters, Ordinal Regression, and One-vs-All Multiclass, when number of iterations is very large</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-294">Cross-Validate, Tune Model Hyperparameters, Ordinal Regression, and One-vs-All Multiclass, when number of iterations is very large</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-295">For datasets that are larger than a few GBs, upload data to Azure Storage or Azure SQL Database, or use HDInsight rather than directly uploading from a local file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-295">For datasets that are larger than a few GBs, upload data to Azure Storage or Azure SQL Database, or use HDInsight rather than directly uploading from a local file.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-296">**Are there any vector size limitations?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-296">**Are there any vector size limitations?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-297">Rows and columns are each limited to the .NET limitation of Max Int: 2,147,483,647.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-297">Rows and columns are each limited to the .NET limitation of Max Int: 2,147,483,647.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-298">**Can I adjust the size of the virtual machine that runs the web service?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-298">**Can I adjust the size of the virtual machine that runs the web service?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-299">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-299">No.</span></span>  

## <a name="security-and-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-300">Security and availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-300">Security and availability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-301">**Who can access the http endpoint for the web service by default? How do I restrict access to the endpoint?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-301">**Who can access the http endpoint for the web service by default? How do I restrict access to the endpoint?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-302">After a web service is deployed, a default endpoint is created for that service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-302">After a web service is deployed, a default endpoint is created for that service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-303">The default endpoint can be called by using its API key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-303">The default endpoint can be called by using its API key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-304">You can add more endpoints with their own keys from the Web Services portal or programmatically by using the Web Service Management APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-304">You can add more endpoints with their own keys from the Web Services portal or programmatically by using the Web Service Management APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-305">Access keys are needed to make calls to the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-305">Access keys are needed to make calls to the web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-306">For more information, see [How to consume an Azure Machine Learning Web service](consume-web-services.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-306">For more information, see [How to consume an Azure Machine Learning Web service](consume-web-services.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-307">**What happens if my Azure storage account can't be found?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-307">**What happens if my Azure storage account can't be found?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-308">Machine Learning Studio relies on a user-supplied Azure storage account to save intermediary data when it executes the workflow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-308">Machine Learning Studio relies on a user-supplied Azure storage account to save intermediary data when it executes the workflow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-309">This storage account is provided to Machine Learning Studio when a workspace is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-309">This storage account is provided to Machine Learning Studio when a workspace is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-310">After the workspace is created, if the storage account is deleted and can no longer be found, the workspace will stop functioning, and all experiments in that workspace will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-310">After the workspace is created, if the storage account is deleted and can no longer be found, the workspace will stop functioning, and all experiments in that workspace will fail.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-311">If you accidentally deleted the storage account, recreate the storage account with the same name in the same region as the deleted storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-311">If you accidentally deleted the storage account, recreate the storage account with the same name in the same region as the deleted storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-312">After that, resync the access key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-312">After that, resync the access key.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-313">**What happens if my storage account access key is out of sync?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-313">**What happens if my storage account access key is out of sync?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-314">Machine Learning Studio relies on a user-supplied Azure storage account to store intermediary data when it executes the workflow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-314">Machine Learning Studio relies on a user-supplied Azure storage account to store intermediary data when it executes the workflow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-315">This storage account is provided to Machine Learning Studio when a workspace is created, and the access keys are associated with that workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-315">This storage account is provided to Machine Learning Studio when a workspace is created, and the access keys are associated with that workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-316">If the access keys are changed after the workspace is created, the workspace can no longer access the storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-316">If the access keys are changed after the workspace is created, the workspace can no longer access the storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-317">It will stop functioning and all experiments in that workspace will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-317">It will stop functioning and all experiments in that workspace will fail.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-318">If you changed storage account access keys, resync the access keys in the workspace by using the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-318">If you changed storage account access keys, resync the access keys in the workspace by using the Azure portal.</span></span>  

## <a name="support-and-training"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-319">Support and training</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-319">Support and training</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-320">**Where can I get training for Azure Machine Learning?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-320">**Where can I get training for Azure Machine Learning?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-321">The [Azure Machine Learning Documentation Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/machine-learning/) hosts video tutorials and how-to guides.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-321">The [Azure Machine Learning Documentation Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/machine-learning/) hosts video tutorials and how-to guides.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-322">These step-by-step guides introduce the services and explain the data science life cycle of importing data, cleaning data, building predictive models, and deploying them in production by using Azure Machine Learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-322">These step-by-step guides introduce the services and explain the data science life cycle of importing data, cleaning data, building predictive models, and deploying them in production by using Azure Machine Learning.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-323">We add new material to the Machine Learning Center on an ongoing basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-323">We add new material to the Machine Learning Center on an ongoing basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-324">You can submit requests for additional learning material on Machine Learning Center at the [user feedback forum](https://windowsazure.uservoice.com/forums/257792-machine-learning).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-324">You can submit requests for additional learning material on Machine Learning Center at the [user feedback forum](https://windowsazure.uservoice.com/forums/257792-machine-learning).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-325">You can also find training at [Microsoft Virtual Academy](http://www.microsoftvirtualacademy.com/training-courses/getting-started-with-microsoft-azure-machine-learning).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-325">You can also find training at [Microsoft Virtual Academy](http://www.microsoftvirtualacademy.com/training-courses/getting-started-with-microsoft-azure-machine-learning).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-326">**How do I get support for Azure Machine Learning?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-326">**How do I get support for Azure Machine Learning?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-327">To get technical support for Azure Machine Learning, go to [Azure Support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), and select **Machine Learning**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-327">To get technical support for Azure Machine Learning, go to [Azure Support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), and select **Machine Learning**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-328">Azure Machine Learning also has a community forum on MSDN where you can ask questions about Azure Machine Learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-328">Azure Machine Learning also has a community forum on MSDN where you can ask questions about Azure Machine Learning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-329">The Azure Machine Learning team monitors the forum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-329">The Azure Machine Learning team monitors the forum.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-330">Go to [Azure Forum](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/windowsazure/home?forum=MachineLearning).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-330">Go to [Azure Forum](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/windowsazure/home?forum=MachineLearning).</span></span>

## <a name="billing-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-331">Billing questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-331">Billing questions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-332">**How does Machine Learning billing work?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-332">**How does Machine Learning billing work?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-333">Azure Machine Learning has two components: Machine Learning Studio and Machine Learning web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-333">Azure Machine Learning has two components: Machine Learning Studio and Machine Learning web services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-334">While you are evaluating Machine Learning Studio, you can use the Free billing tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-334">While you are evaluating Machine Learning Studio, you can use the Free billing tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-335">The Free tier also lets you deploy a Classic web service that has limited capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-335">The Free tier also lets you deploy a Classic web service that has limited capacity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-336">If you decide that Azure Machine Learning meets your needs, you can sign up for the Standard tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-336">If you decide that Azure Machine Learning meets your needs, you can sign up for the Standard tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-337">To sign up, you must have a Microsoft Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-337">To sign up, you must have a Microsoft Azure subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-338">In the Standard tier, you are billed monthly for each workspace that you define in Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-338">In the Standard tier, you are billed monthly for each workspace that you define in Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-339">When you run an experiment in the studio, you are billed for compute resources when you are running an experiment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-339">When you run an experiment in the studio, you are billed for compute resources when you are running an experiment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-340">When you deploy a Classic web service, transactions and compute hours are billed on the Pay As You Go basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-340">When you deploy a Classic web service, transactions and compute hours are billed on the Pay As You Go basis.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-341">New (Resource Manager-based) web services introduce billing plans that allow for more predictability in costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-341">New (Resource Manager-based) web services introduce billing plans that allow for more predictability in costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-342">Tiered pricing offers discounted rates to customers who need a large amount of capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-342">Tiered pricing offers discounted rates to customers who need a large amount of capacity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-343">When you create a plan, you commit to a fixed cost that comes with an included quantity of API compute hours and API transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-343">When you create a plan, you commit to a fixed cost that comes with an included quantity of API compute hours and API transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-344">If you need more included quantities, you can add instances to your plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-344">If you need more included quantities, you can add instances to your plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-345">If you need a lot more included quantities, you can choose a higher tier plan that provides considerably more included quantities and a better discounted rate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-345">If you need a lot more included quantities, you can choose a higher tier plan that provides considerably more included quantities and a better discounted rate.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-346">After the included quantities in existing instances are used up, additional usage is charged at the overage rate that's associated with the billing plan tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-346">After the included quantities in existing instances are used up, additional usage is charged at the overage rate that's associated with the billing plan tier.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-347">Included quantities are reallocated every 30 days, and unused included quantities do not roll over to the next period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-347">Included quantities are reallocated every 30 days, and unused included quantities do not roll over to the next period.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-348">For additional billing and pricing information, see [Machine Learning Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-348">For additional billing and pricing information, see [Machine Learning Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-349">**Does Machine Learning have a free trial?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-349">**Does Machine Learning have a free trial?**</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-350">Azure Machine Learning has a free subscription option that's explained in [Machine Learning Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-350">Azure Machine Learning has a free subscription option that's explained in [Machine Learning Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-351">Machine Learning Studio has an eight-hour quick evaluation trial that's available when you sign in to [Machine Learning Studio](https://studio.azureml.net/?selectAccess=true&o=2).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-351">Machine Learning Studio has an eight-hour quick evaluation trial that's available when you sign in to [Machine Learning Studio](https://studio.azureml.net/?selectAccess=true&o=2).</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-352">In addition, when you sign up for an Azure free trial, you can try any Azure services for a month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-352">In addition, when you sign up for an Azure free trial, you can try any Azure services for a month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-353">To learn more about the Azure free trial, visit [Azure free trial FAQ](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial-faq/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-353">To learn more about the Azure free trial, visit [Azure free trial FAQ](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial-faq/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-354">**What is a transaction?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-354">**What is a transaction?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-355">A transaction represents an API call that Azure Machine Learning responds to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-355">A transaction represents an API call that Azure Machine Learning responds to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-356">Transactions from Request-Response Service (RRS) and Batch Execution Service (BES) calls are aggregated and charged against your billing plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-356">Transactions from Request-Response Service (RRS) and Batch Execution Service (BES) calls are aggregated and charged against your billing plan.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-357">**Can I use the included transaction quantities in a plan for both RRS and BES transactions?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-357">**Can I use the included transaction quantities in a plan for both RRS and BES transactions?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-358">Yes, your transactions from your RRS and BES are aggregated and charged against your billing plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-358">Yes, your transactions from your RRS and BES are aggregated and charged against your billing plan.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-359">**What is an API compute hour?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-359">**What is an API compute hour?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-360">An API compute hour is the billing unit for the time that API calls take to run by using Machine Learning compute resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-360">An API compute hour is the billing unit for the time that API calls take to run by using Machine Learning compute resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-361">All your calls are aggregated for billing purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-361">All your calls are aggregated for billing purposes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-362">**How long does a typical production API call take?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-362">**How long does a typical production API call take?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-363">Production API call times can vary significantly, generally ranging from hundreds of milliseconds to a few seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-363">Production API call times can vary significantly, generally ranging from hundreds of milliseconds to a few seconds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-364">Some API calls might require minutes depending on the complexity of the data processing and machine-learning model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-364">Some API calls might require minutes depending on the complexity of the data processing and machine-learning model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-365">The best way to estimate production API call times is to benchmark a model on the Machine Learning service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-365">The best way to estimate production API call times is to benchmark a model on the Machine Learning service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-366">**What is a Studio compute hour?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-366">**What is a Studio compute hour?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-367">A Studio compute hour is the billing unit for the aggregate time that your experiments use compute resources in studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-367">A Studio compute hour is the billing unit for the aggregate time that your experiments use compute resources in studio.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-368">**In New (Azure Resource Manager-based) web services, what is the Dev/Test tier meant for?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-368">**In New (Azure Resource Manager-based) web services, what is the Dev/Test tier meant for?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-369">Resource Manager-based web services provide multiple tiers that you can use to provision your billing plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-369">Resource Manager-based web services provide multiple tiers that you can use to provision your billing plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-370">The Dev/Test pricing tier provides limited, included quantities that allow you to test your experiment as a web service without incurring costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-370">The Dev/Test pricing tier provides limited, included quantities that allow you to test your experiment as a web service without incurring costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-371">You have the opportunity to see how it works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-371">You have the opportunity to see how it works.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-372">**Are there separate storage charges?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-372">**Are there separate storage charges?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-373">The Machine Learning Free tier does not require or allow separate storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-373">The Machine Learning Free tier does not require or allow separate storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-374">The Machine Learning Standard tier requires users to have an Azure storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-374">The Machine Learning Standard tier requires users to have an Azure storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-375">Azure Storage is [billed separately](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-375">Azure Storage is [billed separately](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-376">**Does Machine Learning support high availability?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-376">**Does Machine Learning support high availability?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-377">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-377">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-378">For details, see [Machine Learning Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/) for a description of the service level agreement (SLA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-378">For details, see [Machine Learning Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/machine-learning/) for a description of the service level agreement (SLA).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-379">**What specific kind of compute resources will my production API calls be run on?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-379">**What specific kind of compute resources will my production API calls be run on?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-380">The Machine Learning service is a multitenant service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-380">The Machine Learning service is a multitenant service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-381">Actual compute resources that are used on the back end vary and are optimized for performance and predictability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-381">Actual compute resources that are used on the back end vary and are optimized for performance and predictability.</span></span>

### <a name="management-of-new-resource-manager-based-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-382">Management of New (Resource Manager-based) web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-382">Management of New (Resource Manager-based) web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-383">**What happens if I delete my plan?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-383">**What happens if I delete my plan?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-384">The plan is removed from your subscription, and you are billed for prorated usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-384">The plan is removed from your subscription, and you are billed for prorated usage.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-385">You cannot delete a plan that a web service is using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-385">You cannot delete a plan that a web service is using.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-386">To delete the plan, you must either assign a new plan to the web service or delete the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-386">To delete the plan, you must either assign a new plan to the web service or delete the web service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-387">**What is a plan instance?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-387">**What is a plan instance?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-388">A plan instance is a unit of included quantities that you can add to your billing plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-388">A plan instance is a unit of included quantities that you can add to your billing plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-389">When you select a billing tier for your billing plan, it comes with one instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-389">When you select a billing tier for your billing plan, it comes with one instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-390">If you need more included quantities, you can add instances of the selected billing tier to your plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-390">If you need more included quantities, you can add instances of the selected billing tier to your plan.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-391">**How many plan instances can I add?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-391">**How many plan instances can I add?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-392">You can have one instance of the Dev/Test pricing tier in a subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-392">You can have one instance of the Dev/Test pricing tier in a subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-393">For Standard S1, Standard S2, and Standard S3 tiers, you can add as many as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-393">For Standard S1, Standard S2, and Standard S3 tiers, you can add as many as necessary.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-394">Depending on your anticipated usage, it might be more cost effective to upgrade to a tier that has more included quantities rather than add instances to the current tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-394">Depending on your anticipated usage, it might be more cost effective to upgrade to a tier that has more included quantities rather than add instances to the current tier.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-395">**What happens when I change plan tiers (upgrade / downgrade)?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-395">**What happens when I change plan tiers (upgrade / downgrade)?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-396">The old plan is deleted and the current usage is billed on a prorated basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-396">The old plan is deleted and the current usage is billed on a prorated basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-397">A new plan with the full included quantities of the upgraded/downgraded tier is created for the rest of the period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-397">A new plan with the full included quantities of the upgraded/downgraded tier is created for the rest of the period.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-398">Included quantities are allocated per period, and unused quantities do not roll over.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-398">Included quantities are allocated per period, and unused quantities do not roll over.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-399">**What happens when I increase the instances in a plan?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-399">**What happens when I increase the instances in a plan?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-400">Quantities are included on a prorated basis and may take 24 hours to be effective.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-400">Quantities are included on a prorated basis and may take 24 hours to be effective.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-401">**What happens when I delete an instance of a plan?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-401">**What happens when I delete an instance of a plan?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-402">The instance is removed from your subscription, and you are billed for prorated usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-402">The instance is removed from your subscription, and you are billed for prorated usage.</span></span>

### <a name="sign-up-for-new-resource-manager-based-web-services-plans"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-403">Sign up for New (Resource Manager-based) web services plans</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-403">Sign up for New (Resource Manager-based) web services plans</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-404">**How do I sign up for a plan?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-404">**How do I sign up for a plan?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-405">You have two ways to create billing plans.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-405">You have two ways to create billing plans.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-406">When you first deploy a Resource Manager-based web service, you can choose an existing plan or create a new plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-406">When you first deploy a Resource Manager-based web service, you can choose an existing plan or create a new plan.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-407">Plans that you create in this manner are in your default region, and your web service will be deployed to that region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-407">Plans that you create in this manner are in your default region, and your web service will be deployed to that region.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-408">If you want to deploy services to regions other than your default region, you may want to define your billing plans before you deploy your service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-408">If you want to deploy services to regions other than your default region, you may want to define your billing plans before you deploy your service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-409">In that case, you can sign in to the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, and go to the Plans page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-409">In that case, you can sign in to the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, and go to the Plans page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-410">From there, you can add plans, delete plans, and modify existing plans.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-410">From there, you can add plans, delete plans, and modify existing plans.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-411">**Which plan should I choose to start off with?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-411">**Which plan should I choose to start off with?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-412">We recommend you that you start with the Standard S1 tier and monitor your service for usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-412">We recommend you that you start with the Standard S1 tier and monitor your service for usage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-413">If you find that you are using your included quantities rapidly, you can add instances or move to a higher tier and get better discounted rates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-413">If you find that you are using your included quantities rapidly, you can add instances or move to a higher tier and get better discounted rates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-414">You can adjust your billing plan as needed throughout your billing cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-414">You can adjust your billing plan as needed throughout your billing cycle.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-415">**Which regions are the new plans available in?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-415">**Which regions are the new plans available in?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-416">The new billing plans are available in the three production regions in which we support the new web services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-416">The new billing plans are available in the three production regions in which we support the new web services:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-417">South Central US</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-417">South Central US</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-418">West Europe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-418">West Europe</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-419">South East Asia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-419">South East Asia</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-420">**I have web services in multiple regions. Do I need a plan for every region?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-420">**I have web services in multiple regions. Do I need a plan for every region?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-421">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-421">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-422">Plan pricing varies by region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-422">Plan pricing varies by region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-423">When you deploy a web service to another region, you need to assign it a plan that is specific to that region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-423">When you deploy a web service to another region, you need to assign it a plan that is specific to that region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-424">For more information, see [Products available by region]( https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-424">For more information, see [Products available by region]( https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/).</span></span>

### <a name="new-web-services-overages"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-425">New web services: Overages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-425">New web services: Overages</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-426">**How do I check if I exceeded my web service usage?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-426">**How do I check if I exceeded my web service usage?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-427">You can view the usage on all your plans on the Plans page in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-427">You can view the usage on all your plans on the Plans page in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-428">Sign in to the portal, and then click the **Plans** menu option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-428">Sign in to the portal, and then click the **Plans** menu option.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-429">In the **Transactions** and **Compute** columns of the table, you can see the included quantities of the plan and the percentage used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-429">In the **Transactions** and **Compute** columns of the table, you can see the included quantities of the plan and the percentage used.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-430">**What happens when I use up the include quantities in the Dev/Test pricing tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-430">**What happens when I use up the include quantities in the Dev/Test pricing tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-431">Services that have a Dev/Test pricing tier assigned to them are stopped until the next period or until you move them to a paid tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-431">Services that have a Dev/Test pricing tier assigned to them are stopped until the next period or until you move them to a paid tier.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-432">**For Classic web services and overages of New (Resource Manager-based) web services, how are prices calculated for Request Response (RRS) and Batch (BES) workloads?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-432">**For Classic web services and overages of New (Resource Manager-based) web services, how are prices calculated for Request Response (RRS) and Batch (BES) workloads?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-433">For an RRS workload, you are charged for every API transaction call that you make and for the compute time that's associated with those requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-433">For an RRS workload, you are charged for every API transaction call that you make and for the compute time that's associated with those requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-434">Your RRS production API transaction costs are calculated as the total number of API calls that you make multiplied by the price per 1,000 transactions (prorated by individual transaction).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-434">Your RRS production API transaction costs are calculated as the total number of API calls that you make multiplied by the price per 1,000 transactions (prorated by individual transaction).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-435">Your RRS API production API compute hour costs are calculated as the amount of time required for each API call to run, multiplied by the total number of API transactions, multiplied by the price per production API compute hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-435">Your RRS API production API compute hour costs are calculated as the amount of time required for each API call to run, multiplied by the total number of API transactions, multiplied by the price per production API compute hour.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-436">For example, for Standard S1 overage, 1,000,000 API transactions that take 0.72 seconds each to run would result in (1,000,000 \* $0.50/1K API transactions) in $500 in production API transaction costs and (1,000,000 \* 0.72 sec \* $2/hr) $400 in production API compute hours, for a total of $900.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-436">For example, for Standard S1 overage, 1,000,000 API transactions that take 0.72 seconds each to run would result in (1,000,000 \* $0.50/1K API transactions) in $500 in production API transaction costs and (1,000,000 \* 0.72 sec \* $2/hr) $400 in production API compute hours, for a total of $900.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-437">For a BES workload, you are charged in the same manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-437">For a BES workload, you are charged in the same manner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-438">However, the API transaction costs represent the number of batch jobs that you submit, and the compute costs represent the compute time that's associated with those batch jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-438">However, the API transaction costs represent the number of batch jobs that you submit, and the compute costs represent the compute time that's associated with those batch jobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-439">Your BES production API transaction costs are calculated as the total number of jobs submitted multiplied by the price per 1,000 transactions (prorated by individual transaction).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-439">Your BES production API transaction costs are calculated as the total number of jobs submitted multiplied by the price per 1,000 transactions (prorated by individual transaction).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-440">Your BES API production API compute hour costs are calculated as the amount of time required for each row in your job to run multiplied by the total number of rows in your job multiplied by the total number of jobs multiplied by the price per production API compute hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-440">Your BES API production API compute hour costs are calculated as the amount of time required for each row in your job to run multiplied by the total number of rows in your job multiplied by the total number of jobs multiplied by the price per production API compute hour.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-441">When you use the Machine Learning calculator, the transaction meter represents the number of jobs that you plan to submit, and the time-per-transaction field represents the combined time that's needed for all rows in each job to run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-441">When you use the Machine Learning calculator, the transaction meter represents the number of jobs that you plan to submit, and the time-per-transaction field represents the combined time that's needed for all rows in each job to run.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-442">For example, assume Standard S1 overage, and you submit 100 jobs per day that each consist of 500 rows that take 0.72 seconds each.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-442">For example, assume Standard S1 overage, and you submit 100 jobs per day that each consist of 500 rows that take 0.72 seconds each.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-443">Your monthly overage costs would be (100 jobs per day = 3,100 jobs/mo \* $0.50/1K API transactions) $1.55 in production API transaction costs and (500 rows \* 0.72 sec \* 3,100 Jobs \* $2/hr) $620 in production API compute hours, for a total of $621.55.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-443">Your monthly overage costs would be (100 jobs per day = 3,100 jobs/mo \* $0.50/1K API transactions) $1.55 in production API transaction costs and (500 rows \* 0.72 sec \* 3,100 Jobs \* $2/hr) $620 in production API compute hours, for a total of $621.55.</span></span>

### <a name="azure-machine-learning-classic-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-444">Azure Machine Learning Classic web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-444">Azure Machine Learning Classic web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-445">**Is Pay As You Go still available?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-445">**Is Pay As You Go still available?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-446">Yes, Classic web services are still available in Azure Machine Learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-446">Yes, Classic web services are still available in Azure Machine Learning.</span></span>  

### <a name="azure-machine-learning-free-and-standard-tier"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-447">Azure Machine Learning Free and Standard tier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-447">Azure Machine Learning Free and Standard tier</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-448">**What is included in the Azure Machine Learning Free tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-448">**What is included in the Azure Machine Learning Free tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-449">The Azure Machine Learning Free tier is intended to provide an in-depth introduction to the Azure Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-449">The Azure Machine Learning Free tier is intended to provide an in-depth introduction to the Azure Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-450">All you need is a Microsoft account to sign up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-450">All you need is a Microsoft account to sign up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-451">The Free tier includes free access to one Azure Machine Learning Studio workspace per [Microsoft account](https://account.microsoft.com/account).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-451">The Free tier includes free access to one Azure Machine Learning Studio workspace per [Microsoft account](https://account.microsoft.com/account).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-452">In this tier, you can use up to 10 GB of storage and operationalize models as staging APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-452">In this tier, you can use up to 10 GB of storage and operationalize models as staging APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-453">Free tier workloads are not covered by an SLA and are intended for development and personal use only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-453">Free tier workloads are not covered by an SLA and are intended for development and personal use only.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-454">Free tier workspaces have the following limitations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-454">Free tier workspaces have the following limitations:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-455">Workloads can't access data by connecting to an on-premises server that runs SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-455">Workloads can't access data by connecting to an on-premises server that runs SQL Server.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-456">You cannot deploy New Resource Manager base web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-456">You cannot deploy New Resource Manager base web services.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-457">**What is included in the Azure Machine Learning Standard tier and plans?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-457">**What is included in the Azure Machine Learning Standard tier and plans?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-458">The Azure Machine Learning Standard tier is a paid production version of Azure Machine Learning Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-458">The Azure Machine Learning Standard tier is a paid production version of Azure Machine Learning Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-459">The Azure Machine Learning Studio monthly fee is billed on a per workspace per month basis and prorated for partial months.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-459">The Azure Machine Learning Studio monthly fee is billed on a per workspace per month basis and prorated for partial months.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-460">Azure Machine Learning Studio experiment hours are billed per compute hour for active experimentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-460">Azure Machine Learning Studio experiment hours are billed per compute hour for active experimentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-461">Billing is prorated for partial hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-461">Billing is prorated for partial hours.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-462">The Azure Machine Learning API service is billed depending on whether it's a Classic web service or a New (Resource Manager-based) web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-462">The Azure Machine Learning API service is billed depending on whether it's a Classic web service or a New (Resource Manager-based) web service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-463">The following charges are aggregated per workspace for your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-463">The following charges are aggregated per workspace for your subscription.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-464">Machine Learning Workspace Subscription: The Machine Learning workspace subscription is a monthly fee that provides access to a Machine Learning Studio workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-464">Machine Learning Workspace Subscription: The Machine Learning workspace subscription is a monthly fee that provides access to a Machine Learning Studio workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-465">The subscription is required to run experiments in the studio and to utilize the production APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-465">The subscription is required to run experiments in the studio and to utilize the production APIs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-466">Studio Experiment hours: This meter aggregates all compute charges that are accrued by running experiments in Machine Learning Studio and running production API calls in the staging environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-466">Studio Experiment hours: This meter aggregates all compute charges that are accrued by running experiments in Machine Learning Studio and running production API calls in the staging environment.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-467">Access data by connecting to an on-premises server that runs SQL Server in your models for your training and scoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-467">Access data by connecting to an on-premises server that runs SQL Server in your models for your training and scoring.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-468">For Classic web services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-468">For Classic web services:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-469">Production API Compute Hours: This meter includes compute charges that are accrued by web services running in production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-469">Production API Compute Hours: This meter includes compute charges that are accrued by web services running in production.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-470">Production API Transactions (in 1000s): This meter includes charges that are accrued per call to your production web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-470">Production API Transactions (in 1000s): This meter includes charges that are accrued per call to your production web service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-471">Apart from the preceding charges, in the case of Resource Manager-based web service, charges are aggregated to the selected plan:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-471">Apart from the preceding charges, in the case of Resource Manager-based web service, charges are aggregated to the selected plan:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-472">Standard S1/S2/S3 API Plan (Units): This meter represents the type of instance that's selected for Resource Manager-based web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-472">Standard S1/S2/S3 API Plan (Units): This meter represents the type of instance that's selected for Resource Manager-based web services.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-473">Standard S1/S2/S3 Overage API Compute Hours: This meter includes compute charges that are accrued by Resource Manager-based web services that run in production after the included quantities in existing instances are used up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-473">Standard S1/S2/S3 Overage API Compute Hours: This meter includes compute charges that are accrued by Resource Manager-based web services that run in production after the included quantities in existing instances are used up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-474">The additional usage is charged at the overate rate that's associated with S1/S2/S3 plan tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-474">The additional usage is charged at the overate rate that's associated with S1/S2/S3 plan tier.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-475">Standard S1/S2/S3 Overage API Transactions (in 1,000s): This meter includes charges that are accrued per call to your production Resource Manager-based web service after the included quantities in existing instances are used up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-475">Standard S1/S2/S3 Overage API Transactions (in 1,000s): This meter includes charges that are accrued per call to your production Resource Manager-based web service after the included quantities in existing instances are used up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-476">The additional usage is charged at the overate rate associated with S1/S2/S3 plan tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-476">The additional usage is charged at the overate rate associated with S1/S2/S3 plan tier.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-477">Included Quantity API Compute Hours: With Resource Manager-based web services, this meter represents the included quantity of API compute hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-477">Included Quantity API Compute Hours: With Resource Manager-based web services, this meter represents the included quantity of API compute hours.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-478">Included Quantity API Transactions (in 1,000s): With Resource Manager-based web services, this meter represents the included quantity of API transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-478">Included Quantity API Transactions (in 1,000s): With Resource Manager-based web services, this meter represents the included quantity of API transactions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-479">**How do I sign up for Azure Machine Learning Free tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-479">**How do I sign up for Azure Machine Learning Free tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-480">All you need is a Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-480">All you need is a Microsoft account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-481">Go to [Azure Machine Learning home](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/machine-learning/), and then click **Start Now**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-481">Go to [Azure Machine Learning home](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/machine-learning/), and then click **Start Now**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-482">Sign in with your Microsoft account and a workspace in Free tier is created for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-482">Sign in with your Microsoft account and a workspace in Free tier is created for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-483">You can start to explore and create Machine Learning experiments right away.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-483">You can start to explore and create Machine Learning experiments right away.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-484">**How do I sign up for Azure Machine Learning Standard tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-484">**How do I sign up for Azure Machine Learning Standard tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-485">You must first have access to an Azure subscription to create a Standard Machine Learning workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-485">You must first have access to an Azure subscription to create a Standard Machine Learning workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-486">You can sign up for a 30-day free trial Azure subscription and later upgrade to a paid Azure subscription, or you can purchase a paid Azure subscription outright.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-486">You can sign up for a 30-day free trial Azure subscription and later upgrade to a paid Azure subscription, or you can purchase a paid Azure subscription outright.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-487">You can then create a Machine Learning workspace from the Microsoft Azure portal after you gain access to the subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-487">You can then create a Machine Learning workspace from the Microsoft Azure portal after you gain access to the subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-488">View the [step-by-step instructions](https://azure.microsoft.com/trial/get-started-machine-learning-b/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-488">View the [step-by-step instructions](https://azure.microsoft.com/trial/get-started-machine-learning-b/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-489">Alternatively, you can be invited by a Standard Machine Learning workspace owner to access the owner's workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-489">Alternatively, you can be invited by a Standard Machine Learning workspace owner to access the owner's workspace.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-490">**Can I specify my own Azure Blob storage account to use with the Free tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-490">**Can I specify my own Azure Blob storage account to use with the Free tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-491">No, the Standard tier is equivalent to the version of the Machine Learning service that was available before the tiers were introduced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-491">No, the Standard tier is equivalent to the version of the Machine Learning service that was available before the tiers were introduced.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-492">**Can I deploy my machine learning models as APIs in the Free tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-492">**Can I deploy my machine learning models as APIs in the Free tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-493">Yes, you can operationalize machine learning models to staging API services as part of the Free tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-493">Yes, you can operationalize machine learning models to staging API services as part of the Free tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-494">To put the staging API service into production and get a production endpoint for the operationalized service, you must use the Standard tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-494">To put the staging API service into production and get a production endpoint for the operationalized service, you must use the Standard tier.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-495">**What is the difference between Azure free trial and Azure Machine Learning Free tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-495">**What is the difference between Azure free trial and Azure Machine Learning Free tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-496">The [Microsoft Azure free trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) offers credits that you can apply to any Azure service for one month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-496">The [Microsoft Azure free trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) offers credits that you can apply to any Azure service for one month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-497">The Azure Machine Learning Free tier offers continuous access specifically to Azure Machine Learning for non-production workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-497">The Azure Machine Learning Free tier offers continuous access specifically to Azure Machine Learning for non-production workloads.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-498">**How do I move an experiment from the Free tier to the Standard tier?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-498">**How do I move an experiment from the Free tier to the Standard tier?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-499">To copy your experiments from the Free tier to the Standard tier:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-499">To copy your experiments from the Free tier to the Standard tier:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-500">Sign in to Azure Machine Learning Studio, and make sure that you can see both the Free workspace and the Standard workspace in the workspace selector in the top navigation bar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-500">Sign in to Azure Machine Learning Studio, and make sure that you can see both the Free workspace and the Standard workspace in the workspace selector in the top navigation bar.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-501">Switch to Free workspace if you are in the Standard workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-501">Switch to Free workspace if you are in the Standard workspace.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-502">In the experiment list view, select an experiment that you'd like to copy, and then click the **Copy** command button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-502">In the experiment list view, select an experiment that you'd like to copy, and then click the **Copy** command button.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-503">Select the Standard workspace from the dialog box that opens, and then click the **Copy** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-503">Select the Standard workspace from the dialog box that opens, and then click the **Copy** button.</span></span>
   <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-504">All the associated datasets, trained model, etc. are copied together with the experiment into the Standard workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-504">All the associated datasets, trained model, etc. are copied together with the experiment into the Standard workspace.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-505">You need to rerun the experiment and republish your web service in the Standard workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-505">You need to rerun the experiment and republish your web service in the Standard workspace.</span></span>

### <a name="studio-workspace"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-506">Studio workspace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-506">Studio workspace</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-507">**Will I see different bills for different workspaces?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-507">**Will I see different bills for different workspaces?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-508">Workspace charges are broken out separately for each applicable meter on a single bill.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-508">Workspace charges are broken out separately for each applicable meter on a single bill.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-509">**What specific kind of compute resources will my experiments be run on?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-509">**What specific kind of compute resources will my experiments be run on?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-510">The Machine Learning service is a multitenant service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-510">The Machine Learning service is a multitenant service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-511">Actual compute resources that are used on the back end vary and are optimized for performance and predictability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-511">Actual compute resources that are used on the back end vary and are optimized for performance and predictability.</span></span>

### <a name="guest-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="27f9c-512">Guest Access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-512">Guest Access</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-513">**What is Guest Access to Azure Machine Learning Studio?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-513">**What is Guest Access to Azure Machine Learning Studio?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27f9c-514">Guest Access is a restricted trial experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-514">Guest Access is a restricted trial experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-515">You can create and run experiments in Azure Machine Learning Studio at no cost and without authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-515">You can create and run experiments in Azure Machine Learning Studio at no cost and without authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-516">Guest sessions are non-persistent (cannot be saved) and limited to eight hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-516">Guest sessions are non-persistent (cannot be saved) and limited to eight hours.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-517">Other limitations include lack of support for R and Python, lack of staging APIs, and restricted dataset size and storage capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-517">Other limitations include lack of support for R and Python, lack of staging APIs, and restricted dataset size and storage capacity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-518">By comparison, users who choose to sign in with a Microsoft account have full access to the Free tier of Machine Learning Studio that's described previously, which includes a persistent workspace and more comprehensive capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-518">By comparison, users who choose to sign in with a Microsoft account have full access to the Free tier of Machine Learning Studio that's described previously, which includes a persistent workspace and more comprehensive capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27f9c-519">To choose your free Machine Learning experience, click **Get started** on [https://studio.azureml.net](https://studio.azureml.net), and then select **Guess Access** or sign in with a Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27f9c-519">To choose your free Machine Learning experience, click **Get started** on [https://studio.azureml.net](https://studio.azureml.net), and then select **Guess Access** or sign in with a Microsoft account.</span></span>

<!-- Module References -->
[image-reader]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/893f8c57-1d36-456d-a47b-d29ae67f5d84/
[join]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/124865f7-e901-4656-adac-f4cb08248099/
[machine-learning-modules]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/6d9e2516-1343-4859-a3dc-9673ccec9edc/
[partition-and-sample]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/a8726e34-1b3e-4515-b59a-3e4a475654b8/
[import-data]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/4e1b0fe6-aded-4b3f-a36f-39b8862b9004/
[export-data]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/7A391181-B6A7-4AD4-B82D-E419C0D6522C
[split]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/70530644-c97a-4ab6-85f7-88bf30a8be5f/
[python]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/CDB56F95-7F4C-404D-BDE7-5BB972E6F232
[counts]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn913056.aspx
