---
title: Use the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal | Microsoft Docs
description: Manage access to Azure Machine Learning workspaces, and deploy and manage ML API web services
services: machine-learning
documentationcenter: ''
author: YasinMSFT
ms.author: yahajiza
manager: hjerez
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: b62cf2ca-dd2a-4a83-bb54-469f948fb026
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: studio
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/28/2017
ms.openlocfilehash: 4e1444f385859044b2dadd83c8e9841d8fc78bb0
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44969331"
---
# <a name="manage-a-web-service-using-the-azure-machine-learning-web-services-portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-103">Manage a Web service using the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-103">Manage a Web service using the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1faab-104">You can manage your Machine Learning New and Classic Web services using the Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-104">You can manage your Machine Learning New and Classic Web services using the Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-105">Since Classic Web services and New Web services are based on different underlying technologies, you have slightly different management capabilities for each of them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-105">Since Classic Web services and New Web services are based on different underlying technologies, you have slightly different management capabilities for each of them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-106">In the Machine Learning Web Services portal you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-106">In the Machine Learning Web Services portal you can:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-107">Monitor how the web service is being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-107">Monitor how the web service is being used.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-108">Configure the description, update the keys for the web service (New only), update your storage account key (New only), enable logging, and enable or disable sample data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-108">Configure the description, update the keys for the web service (New only), update your storage account key (New only), enable logging, and enable or disable sample data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-109">Delete the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-109">Delete the web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-110">Create, delete, or update billing plans (New only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-110">Create, delete, or update billing plans (New only).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-111">Add and delete endpoints (Classic only)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-111">Add and delete endpoints (Classic only)</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [machine-learning-free-trial](../../../includes/machine-learning-free-trial.md)]

## <a name="permissions-to-manage-new-resources-manager-based-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-112">Permissions to manage New Resources Manager based web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-112">Permissions to manage New Resources Manager based web services</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-113">New web services are deployed as Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-113">New web services are deployed as Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-114">As such, you must have the correct permissions to deploy and manage New web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-114">As such, you must have the correct permissions to deploy and manage New web services.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="1faab-115">To deploy or manage New web services you must be assigned a contributor or administrator role on the subscription to which the web service is deployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-115">To deploy or manage New web services you must be assigned a contributor or administrator role on the subscription to which the web service is deployed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-116">If you invite another user to a machine learning workspace, you must assign them to a contributor or administrator role on the subscription before they can deploy or manage web services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-116">If you invite another user to a machine learning workspace, you must assign them to a contributor or administrator role on the subscription before they can deploy or manage web services.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-117">If the user does not have the correct permissions to access resources in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, they will receive the following error when trying to deploy a web service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-117">If the user does not have the correct permissions to access resources in the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal, they will receive the following error when trying to deploy a web service:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-118">*Web Service deployment failed. This account does not have sufficient access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace. In order to deploy a Web Service to Azure, the same account must be invited to the Workspace and be given access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace.*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-118">*Web Service deployment failed. This account does not have sufficient access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace. In order to deploy a Web Service to Azure, the same account must be invited to the Workspace and be given access to the Azure subscription that contains the Workspace.*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-119">For more information on creating a workspace, see [Create and share an Azure Machine Learning workspace](create-workspace.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-119">For more information on creating a workspace, see [Create and share an Azure Machine Learning workspace](create-workspace.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-120">For more information on setting access permissions, see [Manage access using RBAC and the Azure portal](../../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-120">For more information on setting access permissions, see [Manage access using RBAC and the Azure portal](../../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md).</span></span>


## <a name="manage-new-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-121">Manage New Web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-121">Manage New Web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1faab-122">To manage your New Web services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-122">To manage your New Web services:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1faab-123">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-123">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1faab-124">On the menu, click **Web Services**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-124">On the menu, click **Web Services**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-125">This displays a list of deployed Web services for your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-125">This displays a list of deployed Web services for your subscription.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-126">To manage a Web service, click Web Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-126">To manage a Web service, click Web Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-127">From the Web Services page you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-127">From the Web Services page you can:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-128">Click the web service to manage it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-128">Click the web service to manage it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-129">Click the Billing Plan for the web service to update it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-129">Click the Billing Plan for the web service to update it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-130">Delete a web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-130">Delete a web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-131">Copy a web service and deploy it to another region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-131">Copy a web service and deploy it to another region.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-132">When you click a web service, the web service Quickstart page opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-132">When you click a web service, the web service Quickstart page opens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-133">The web service Quickstart page has two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-133">The web service Quickstart page has two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-134">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-134">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-135">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable or disable sample data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-135">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable or disable sample data.</span></span>

### <a name="monitoring-how-the-web-service-is-being-used"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-136">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-136">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1faab-137">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-137">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-138">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-138">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-139">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-139">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-140">The dashboard shows the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-140">The dashboard shows the following information:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-141">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-141">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-142">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-142">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-143">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-143">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-144">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-144">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-145">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-145">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-146">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-146">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-147">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-147">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-148">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-148">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span></span>

### <a name="configuring-the-web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-149">Configuring the web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-149">Configuring the web service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1faab-150">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-150">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-151">You can update the following properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-151">You can update the following properties:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-152">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-152">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-153">**Title** allows you to enter a title for the Web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-153">**Title** allows you to enter a title for the Web service</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-154">**Keys** allows you to rotate your primary and secondary API keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-154">**Keys** allows you to rotate your primary and secondary API keys.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-155">**Storage account key** allows you to update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-155">**Storage account key** allows you to update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service changes.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-156">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-156">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-157">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-157">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-158">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-158">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span></span>

### <a name="managing-billing-plans"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-159">Managing billing plans</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-159">Managing billing plans</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1faab-160">Click the **Plans** menu option from the web services Quickstart page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-160">Click the **Plans** menu option from the web services Quickstart page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-161">You can also click the plan associated with specific Web service to manage that plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-161">You can also click the plan associated with specific Web service to manage that plan.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-162">**New** allows you to create a new plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-162">**New** allows you to create a new plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-163">**Add/Remove Plan instance** allows you to "scale out" an existing plan to add capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-163">**Add/Remove Plan instance** allows you to "scale out" an existing plan to add capacity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-164">**Upgrade/DownGrade** allows you to "scale up" an existing plan to add capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-164">**Upgrade/DownGrade** allows you to "scale up" an existing plan to add capacity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-165">**Delete** allows you to delete a plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-165">**Delete** allows you to delete a plan.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-166">Click a plan to view its dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-166">Click a plan to view its dashboard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-167">The dashboard gives you snapshot or plan usage over a selected period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-167">The dashboard gives you snapshot or plan usage over a selected period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-168">To select the time period to view, click the **Period** dropdown at the upper right of dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-168">To select the time period to view, click the **Period** dropdown at the upper right of dashboard.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-169">The plan dashboard provides the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-169">The plan dashboard provides the following information:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-170">**Plan Description** displays information about the costs and capacity associated with the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-170">**Plan Description** displays information about the costs and capacity associated with the plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-171">**Plan Usage** displays the number of transactions and compute hours that have been charged against the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-171">**Plan Usage** displays the number of transactions and compute hours that have been charged against the plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-172">**Web Services** displays the number of Web services that are using this plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-172">**Web Services** displays the number of Web services that are using this plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-173">**Top Web Service By Calls** displays the top four Web services that are making calls that are charged against the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-173">**Top Web Service By Calls** displays the top four Web services that are making calls that are charged against the plan.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-174">**Top Web Services by Compute Hrs** displays the top four Web services that are using compute resources that are charged against the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-174">**Top Web Services by Compute Hrs** displays the top four Web services that are using compute resources that are charged against the plan.</span></span>

## <a name="manage-classic-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-175">Manage Classic Web Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-175">Manage Classic Web Services</span></span>
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-176">The procedures in this section are relevant to managing Classic web services through the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-176">The procedures in this section are relevant to managing Classic web services through the Azure Machine Learning Web Services portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-177">For information on managing Classic Web services through the Machine Learning Studio and the Azure portal, see [Manage an Azure Machine Learning workspace](manage-workspace.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-177">For information on managing Classic Web services through the Machine Learning Studio and the Azure portal, see [Manage an Azure Machine Learning workspace](manage-workspace.md).</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-178">To manage your Classic Web services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-178">To manage your Classic Web services:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1faab-179">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-179">Sign in to the [Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Web Services](https://services.azureml.net/quickstart) portal using your Microsoft Azure account - use the account that's associated with the Azure subscription.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1faab-180">On the menu, click **Classic Web Services**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-180">On the menu, click **Classic Web Services**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-181">To manage a Classic Web Service, click **Classic Web Services**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-181">To manage a Classic Web Service, click **Classic Web Services**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-182">From the Classic Web Services page you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-182">From the Classic Web Services page you can:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-183">Click the web service to view the associated endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-183">Click the web service to view the associated endpoints.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-184">Delete a web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-184">Delete a web service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-185">When you manage a Classic Web service, you manage each of the endpoints separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-185">When you manage a Classic Web service, you manage each of the endpoints separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-186">When you click a web service in the Web Services page, the list of endpoints associated with the service opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-186">When you click a web service in the Web Services page, the list of endpoints associated with the service opens.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-187">On the Classic Web Service endpoint page, you can add and delete endpoints on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-187">On the Classic Web Service endpoint page, you can add and delete endpoints on the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-188">For more information on adding endpoints, see [Creating Endpoints](create-endpoint.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-188">For more information on adding endpoints, see [Creating Endpoints](create-endpoint.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-189">Click one of the endpoints to open the web service Quickstart page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-189">Click one of the endpoints to open the web service Quickstart page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-190">On the Quickstart page, there are two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-190">On the Quickstart page, there are two menu options that allow you to manage your web service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-191">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-191">**DASHBOARD** - Allows you to view Web service usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-192">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, turn error logging on and off, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable and disable sample data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-192">**CONFIGURE** - Allows you to add descriptive text, turn error logging on and off, update the key for the storage account associated with the Web service, and enable and disable sample data.</span></span>

### <a name="monitoring-how-the-web-service-is-being-used"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-193">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-193">Monitoring how the web service is being used</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1faab-194">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-194">Click the **DASHBOARD** tab.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-195">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-195">From the dashboard, you can view overall usage of your Web service over a period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-196">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-196">You can select the period to view from the Period dropdown menu in the upper right of the usage charts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-197">The dashboard shows the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-197">The dashboard shows the following information:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-198">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-198">**Requests Over Time** displays a step graph of the number of requests over the selected time period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-199">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-199">It can help identify if you are experiencing spikes in usage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-200">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-200">**Request-Response Requests** displays the total number of Request-Response calls the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-201">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-201">**Average Request-Response Compute Time** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-202">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-202">**Batch Requests** displays the total number of Batch Requests the service has received over the selected time period and how many of them failed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-203">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-203">**Average Job Latency** displays an average of the time needed to execute the received requests.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-204">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-204">**Errors** displays the aggregate number of errors that have occurred on calls to the web service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-205">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-205">**Services Costs** displays the charges for the billing plan associated with the service.</span></span>

### <a name="configuring-the-web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="1faab-206">Configuring the web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-206">Configuring the web service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1faab-207">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-207">Click the **CONFIGURE** menu option.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1faab-208">You can update the following properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-208">You can update the following properties:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-209">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-209">**Description** allows you to enter a description for the Web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-210">Description is a required field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-210">Description is a required field.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-211">**Logging** allows you to enable or disable error logging on the endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-211">**Logging** allows you to enable or disable error logging on the endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-212">For more information on Logging, see Enable [logging for Machine Learning web services](web-services-logging.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-212">For more information on Logging, see Enable [logging for Machine Learning web services](web-services-logging.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1faab-213">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-213">**Enable Sample data** allows you to provide sample data that you can use to test the Request-Response service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-214">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-214">If you created the web service in Machine Learning Studio, the sample data is taken from the data your used to train your model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1faab-215">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1faab-215">If you created the service programmatically, the data is taken from the example data you provided as part of the JSON package.</span></span>


