---
title: Throttling in the Service Fabric cluster resource manager | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn to configure the throttles provided by the Service Fabric Cluster Resource Manager.
services: service-fabric
documentationcenter: .net
author: masnider
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 4a44678b-a5aa-4d30-958f-dc4332ebfb63
ms.service: Service-Fabric
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 08/18/2017
ms.author: masnider
ms.openlocfilehash: e46131147e3643b00f691ef4dbcbfd92957f5ca4
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44819226"
---
# <a name="throttling-the-service-fabric-cluster-resource-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="531db-103">Throttling the Service Fabric Cluster Resource Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-103">Throttling the Service Fabric Cluster Resource Manager</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="531db-104">Even if you’ve configured the Cluster Resource Manager correctly, the cluster can get disrupted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-104">Even if you’ve configured the Cluster Resource Manager correctly, the cluster can get disrupted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-105">For example, there could be simultaneous node and fault domain failures - what would happen if that occurred during an upgrade?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-105">For example, there could be simultaneous node and fault domain failures - what would happen if that occurred during an upgrade?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-106">The Cluster Resource Manager always tries to fix everything, consuming the cluster's resources trying to reorganize and fix the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-106">The Cluster Resource Manager always tries to fix everything, consuming the cluster's resources trying to reorganize and fix the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-107">Throttles help provide a backstop so that the cluster can use resources to stabilize - the nodes come back, the network partitions heal, corrected bits get deployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-107">Throttles help provide a backstop so that the cluster can use resources to stabilize - the nodes come back, the network partitions heal, corrected bits get deployed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="531db-108">To help with these sorts of situations, the Service Fabric Cluster Resource Manager includes several throttles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-108">To help with these sorts of situations, the Service Fabric Cluster Resource Manager includes several throttles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-109">These throttles are all fairly large hammers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-109">These throttles are all fairly large hammers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-110">Generally they shouldn’t be changed without careful planning and testing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-110">Generally they shouldn’t be changed without careful planning and testing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="531db-111">If you change the Cluster Resource Manager's throttles, you should tune them to your expected actual load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-111">If you change the Cluster Resource Manager's throttles, you should tune them to your expected actual load.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-112">You may determine you need to have some throttles in place, even if it means the cluster takes longer to stabilize in some situations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-112">You may determine you need to have some throttles in place, even if it means the cluster takes longer to stabilize in some situations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-113">Testing is required to determine the correct values for throttles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-113">Testing is required to determine the correct values for throttles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-114">Throttles need to be high enough to allow the cluster to respond to changes in a reasonable amount of time, and low enough to actually prevent too much resource consumption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-114">Throttles need to be high enough to allow the cluster to respond to changes in a reasonable amount of time, and low enough to actually prevent too much resource consumption.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="531db-115">Most of the time we’ve seen customers use throttles it has been because they were already in a resource constrained environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-115">Most of the time we’ve seen customers use throttles it has been because they were already in a resource constrained environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-116">Some examples would be limited network bandwidth for individual nodes, or disks that aren't able to build many stateful replicas in parallel due to throughput limitations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-116">Some examples would be limited network bandwidth for individual nodes, or disks that aren't able to build many stateful replicas in parallel due to throughput limitations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-117">Without throttles, operations could overwhelm these resources, causing operations to fail or be slow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-117">Without throttles, operations could overwhelm these resources, causing operations to fail or be slow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-118">In these situations customers used throttles and knew they were extending the amount of time it would take the cluster to reach a stable state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-118">In these situations customers used throttles and knew they were extending the amount of time it would take the cluster to reach a stable state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-119">Customers also understood they could end up running at lower overall reliability while they were throttled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-119">Customers also understood they could end up running at lower overall reliability while they were throttled.</span></span>


## <a name="configuring-the-throttles"></a><span data-ttu-id="531db-120">Configuring the throttles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-120">Configuring the throttles</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="531db-121">Service Fabric has two mechanisms for throttling the number of replica movements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-121">Service Fabric has two mechanisms for throttling the number of replica movements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-122">The default mechanism that existed before Service Fabric 5.7 represents throttling as an absolute number of moves allowed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-122">The default mechanism that existed before Service Fabric 5.7 represents throttling as an absolute number of moves allowed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-123">This does not work for clusters of all sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-123">This does not work for clusters of all sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-124">In particular, for large clusters the default value can be too small, significantly slowing down balancing even when it is necessary, while having no effect in smaller clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-124">In particular, for large clusters the default value can be too small, significantly slowing down balancing even when it is necessary, while having no effect in smaller clusters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-125">This prior mechanism has been superseded by percentage-based throttling, which scales better with dynamic clusters in which the number of services and nodes change regularly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-125">This prior mechanism has been superseded by percentage-based throttling, which scales better with dynamic clusters in which the number of services and nodes change regularly.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="531db-126">The throttles are based on a percentage of the number of replicas in the clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-126">The throttles are based on a percentage of the number of replicas in the clusters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-127">Percetage based throttles enable expressing the rule: "do not move more than 10% of replicas in a 10 minute interval", for example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-127">Percetage based throttles enable expressing the rule: "do not move more than 10% of replicas in a 10 minute interval", for example.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="531db-128">The configuration settings for percentage-based throttling are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-128">The configuration settings for percentage-based throttling are:</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="531db-129">GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentage - Maximum number of movements allowed in cluster at any time, expressed as percentage of total number of replicas in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-129">GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentage - Maximum number of movements allowed in cluster at any time, expressed as percentage of total number of replicas in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-130">0 indicates no limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-130">0 indicates no limit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-131">The default value is 0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-131">The default value is 0.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-132">If both this setting and GlobalMovementThrottleThreshold are specified, then the more conservative limit is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-132">If both this setting and GlobalMovementThrottleThreshold are specified, then the more conservative limit is used.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="531db-133">GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForPlacement - Maximum number of movements allowed during the placement phase, expressed as percentage of total number of replicas in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-133">GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForPlacement - Maximum number of movements allowed during the placement phase, expressed as percentage of total number of replicas in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-134">0 indicates no limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-134">0 indicates no limit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-135">The default value is 0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-135">The default value is 0.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-136">If both this setting and GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdForPlacement are specified, then the more conservative limit is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-136">If both this setting and GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdForPlacement are specified, then the more conservative limit is used.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="531db-137">GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForBalancing - Maximum number of movements allowed during the balancing phase, expressed as percentage of total number of replicas in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-137">GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForBalancing - Maximum number of movements allowed during the balancing phase, expressed as percentage of total number of replicas in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-138">0 indicates no limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-138">0 indicates no limit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-139">The default value is 0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-139">The default value is 0.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-140">If both this setting and GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdForBalancing are specified, then the more conservative limit is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-140">If both this setting and GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdForBalancing are specified, then the more conservative limit is used.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="531db-141">When specifying the throttle percentage, you'd specify 5% as 0.05.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-141">When specifying the throttle percentage, you'd specify 5% as 0.05.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-142">The interval on which these throttles are governed is the GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval, which is specified in seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-142">The interval on which these throttles are governed is the GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval, which is specified in seconds.</span></span>


``` xml
<Section Name="PlacementAndLoadBalancing">
     <Parameter Name="GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentage" Value="0" />
     <Parameter Name="GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForPlacement" Value="0" />
     <Parameter Name="GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForBalancing" Value="0" />
     <Parameter Name="GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval" Value="600" />
</Section>
```

<span data-ttu-id="531db-143">via ClusterConfig.json for Standalone deployments or Template.json for Azure hosted clusters:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-143">via ClusterConfig.json for Standalone deployments or Template.json for Azure hosted clusters:</span></span>

```json
"fabricSettings": [
  {
    "name": "PlacementAndLoadBalancing",
    "parameters": [
      {
          "name": "GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentage",
          "value": "0.0"
      },
      {
          "name": "GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForPlacement",
          "value": "0.0"
      },
      {
          "name": "GlobalMovementThrottleThresholdPercentageForBalancing",
          "value": "0.0"
      },
      {
          "name": "GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval",
          "value": "600"
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

### <a name="default-count-based-throttles"></a><span data-ttu-id="531db-144">Default count based throttles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-144">Default count based throttles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="531db-145">This information is provided in case you have older clusters or still retain these configurations in clusters that have since been upgraded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-145">This information is provided in case you have older clusters or still retain these configurations in clusters that have since been upgraded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-146">In general, it is recommended that these are replaced with the percentage-based throttles above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-146">In general, it is recommended that these are replaced with the percentage-based throttles above.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-147">Since percentage-based throttling is disabled by default, these throttles remain the default throttles for a cluster until they are disabled and replaced with the percentage-based throttles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-147">Since percentage-based throttling is disabled by default, these throttles remain the default throttles for a cluster until they are disabled and replaced with the percentage-based throttles.</span></span> 

  - <span data-ttu-id="531db-148">GlobalMovementThrottleThreshold – this setting controls the total number of movements in the cluster over some time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-148">GlobalMovementThrottleThreshold – this setting controls the total number of movements in the cluster over some time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-149">The amount of time is specified in seconds as the GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-149">The amount of time is specified in seconds as the GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-150">The default value for the GlobalMovementThrottleThreshold is 1000 and the default value for the GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval is 600.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-150">The default value for the GlobalMovementThrottleThreshold is 1000 and the default value for the GlobalMovementThrottleCountingInterval is 600.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="531db-151">MovementPerPartitionThrottleThreshold – this setting controls the total number of movements for any service partition over some time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-151">MovementPerPartitionThrottleThreshold – this setting controls the total number of movements for any service partition over some time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-152">The amount of time is specified in seconds as the MovementPerPartitionThrottleCountingInterval.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-152">The amount of time is specified in seconds as the MovementPerPartitionThrottleCountingInterval.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-153">The default value for the MovementPerPartitionThrottleThreshold is 50 and the default value for the MovementPerPartitionThrottleCountingInterval is 600.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-153">The default value for the MovementPerPartitionThrottleThreshold is 50 and the default value for the MovementPerPartitionThrottleCountingInterval is 600.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="531db-154">The configuration for these throttles follows the same pattern as the percentage-based throttling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-154">The configuration for these throttles follows the same pattern as the percentage-based throttling.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="531db-155">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-155">Next steps</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="531db-156">To find out about how the Cluster Resource Manager manages and balances load in the cluster, check out the article on [balancing load](service-fabric-cluster-resource-manager-balancing.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-156">To find out about how the Cluster Resource Manager manages and balances load in the cluster, check out the article on [balancing load](service-fabric-cluster-resource-manager-balancing.md)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="531db-157">The Cluster Resource Manager has many options for describing the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-157">The Cluster Resource Manager has many options for describing the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="531db-158">To find out more about them, check out this article on [describing a Service Fabric cluster](service-fabric-cluster-resource-manager-cluster-description.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="531db-158">To find out more about them, check out this article on [describing a Service Fabric cluster](service-fabric-cluster-resource-manager-cluster-description.md)</span></span>
