---
title: Service Fabric programming model overview | Microsoft Docs
description: 'Service Fabric offers two frameworks for building services: the actor framework and the services framework. They offer distinct trade-offs in simplicity and control.'
services: service-fabric
documentationcenter: .net
author: vturecek
manager: timlt
editor: vturecek
ms.assetid: 974b2614-014e-4587-a947-28fcef28b382
ms.service: service-fabric
ms.devlang: dotNet
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 11/02/2017
ms.author: vturecek
ms.openlocfilehash: a03bb3c74d9c776b893b11c3dec8788fe9ac598c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44790821"
---
# <a name="service-fabric-programming-model-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc97e-104">Service Fabric programming model overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-104">Service Fabric programming model overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-105">Service Fabric offers multiple ways to write and manage your services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-105">Service Fabric offers multiple ways to write and manage your services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-106">Services can choose to use the Service Fabric APIs to take full advantage of the platform's features and application frameworks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-106">Services can choose to use the Service Fabric APIs to take full advantage of the platform's features and application frameworks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-107">Services can also be any compiled executable program written in any language or code running in a container hosted on a Service Fabric cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-107">Services can also be any compiled executable program written in any language or code running in a container hosted on a Service Fabric cluster.</span></span>

## <a name="guest-executables"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc97e-108">Guest executables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-108">Guest executables</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-109">A [guest executable](service-fabric-guest-executables-introduction.md) is an existing, arbitrary executable (written in any language) that can be run as a service in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-109">A [guest executable](service-fabric-guest-executables-introduction.md) is an existing, arbitrary executable (written in any language) that can be run as a service in your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-110">Guest executables do not call the Service Fabric SDK APIs directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-110">Guest executables do not call the Service Fabric SDK APIs directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-111">However they still benefit from features the platform offers, such as service discoverability, custom health and load reporting by calling REST APIs exposed by Service Fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-111">However they still benefit from features the platform offers, such as service discoverability, custom health and load reporting by calling REST APIs exposed by Service Fabric.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-112">They also have full application lifecycle support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-112">They also have full application lifecycle support.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-113">Get started with guest executables by deploying your first [guest executable application](service-fabric-deploy-existing-app.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-113">Get started with guest executables by deploying your first [guest executable application](service-fabric-deploy-existing-app.md).</span></span>

## <a name="containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc97e-114">Containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-114">Containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-115">By default, Service Fabric deploys and activates services as processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-115">By default, Service Fabric deploys and activates services as processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-116">Service Fabric can also deploy services in [containers](service-fabric-containers-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-116">Service Fabric can also deploy services in [containers](service-fabric-containers-overview.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-117">Service Fabric supports deployment of Linux containers and Windows containers on Windows Server 2016.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-117">Service Fabric supports deployment of Linux containers and Windows containers on Windows Server 2016.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-118">Container images can be pulled from any container repository and deployed to the machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-118">Container images can be pulled from any container repository and deployed to the machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-119">You can deploy existing applications as guest executables, Service Fabric stateless or stateful Reliable services or Reliable Actors in containers, and you can mix services in processes and services in containers in the same application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-119">You can deploy existing applications as guest executables, Service Fabric stateless or stateful Reliable services or Reliable Actors in containers, and you can mix services in processes and services in containers in the same application.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-120">Learn more about containerizing your services in Windows or Linux</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-120">Learn more about containerizing your services in Windows or Linux</span></span>](service-fabric-deploy-container.md)

## <a name="reliable-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc97e-121">Reliable Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-121">Reliable Services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-122">Reliable Services is a light-weight framework for writing services that integrate with the Service Fabric platform and benefit from the full set of platform features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-122">Reliable Services is a light-weight framework for writing services that integrate with the Service Fabric platform and benefit from the full set of platform features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-123">Reliable Services provide a minimal set of APIs that allow the Service Fabric runtime to manage the lifecycle of your services and that allow your services to interact with the runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-123">Reliable Services provide a minimal set of APIs that allow the Service Fabric runtime to manage the lifecycle of your services and that allow your services to interact with the runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-124">The application framework is minimal, giving you full control over design and implementation choices, and can be used to host any other application framework, such as ASP.NET Core.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-124">The application framework is minimal, giving you full control over design and implementation choices, and can be used to host any other application framework, such as ASP.NET Core.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-125">Reliable Services can be stateless, similar to most service platforms, such as web servers, in which each instance of the service is created equal and state is persisted in an external solution, such as Azure DB or Azure Table Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-125">Reliable Services can be stateless, similar to most service platforms, such as web servers, in which each instance of the service is created equal and state is persisted in an external solution, such as Azure DB or Azure Table Storage.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-126">Reliable Services can also be stateful, exclusive to Service Fabric, where state is persisted directly in the service itself using Reliable Collections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-126">Reliable Services can also be stateful, exclusive to Service Fabric, where state is persisted directly in the service itself using Reliable Collections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-127">State is made highly-available through replication and distributed through partitioning, all managed automatically by Service Fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-127">State is made highly-available through replication and distributed through partitioning, all managed automatically by Service Fabric.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-128">[Learn more about Reliable Services](service-fabric-reliable-services-introduction.md) or get started by [writing your first Reliable Service](service-fabric-reliable-services-quick-start.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-128">[Learn more about Reliable Services](service-fabric-reliable-services-introduction.md) or get started by [writing your first Reliable Service](service-fabric-reliable-services-quick-start.md).</span></span>

## <a name="aspnet-core"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc97e-129">ASP.NET Core</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-129">ASP.NET Core</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-130">ASP.NET Core is a new open-source and cross-platform framework for building modern cloud-based Internet-connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps, and mobile backends.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-130">ASP.NET Core is a new open-source and cross-platform framework for building modern cloud-based Internet-connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps, and mobile backends.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-131">Service Fabric integrates with ASP.NET Core so you can write both stateless and stateful ASP.NET Core applications that take advantage of Reliable Collections and Service Fabric's advanced orchestration capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-131">Service Fabric integrates with ASP.NET Core so you can write both stateless and stateful ASP.NET Core applications that take advantage of Reliable Collections and Service Fabric's advanced orchestration capabilities.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-132">[Learn more about ASP.NET Core in Service Fabric](service-fabric-reliable-services-communication-aspnetcore.md) or get started by [writing your first ASP.NET Core Service Fabric application](service-fabric-reliable-services-communication-aspnetcore.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-132">[Learn more about ASP.NET Core in Service Fabric](service-fabric-reliable-services-communication-aspnetcore.md) or get started by [writing your first ASP.NET Core Service Fabric application](service-fabric-reliable-services-communication-aspnetcore.md).</span></span>

## <a name="reliable-actors"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc97e-133">Reliable Actors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-133">Reliable Actors</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-134">Built on top of Reliable Services, the Reliable Actor framework is an application framework that implements the Virtual Actor pattern, based on the actor design pattern.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-134">Built on top of Reliable Services, the Reliable Actor framework is an application framework that implements the Virtual Actor pattern, based on the actor design pattern.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-135">The Reliable Actor framework uses independent units of compute and state with single-threaded execution called actors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-135">The Reliable Actor framework uses independent units of compute and state with single-threaded execution called actors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc97e-136">The Reliable Actor framework provides built-in communication for actors and pre-set state persistence and scale-out configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-136">The Reliable Actor framework provides built-in communication for actors and pre-set state persistence and scale-out configurations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-137">Because Reliable Actors is an application framework built on Reliable Services, it is fully integrated with the Service Fabric platform and benefits from the full set of features offered by the platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-137">Because Reliable Actors is an application framework built on Reliable Services, it is fully integrated with the Service Fabric platform and benefits from the full set of features offered by the platform.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-138">[Learn more about Reliable Actors](service-fabric-reliable-actors-introduction.md) or get started by [writing your first Reliable Actor service](service-fabric-reliable-actors-get-started.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-138">[Learn more about Reliable Actors](service-fabric-reliable-actors-introduction.md) or get started by [writing your first Reliable Actor service](service-fabric-reliable-actors-get-started.md)</span></span>


[<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-139">Build a front end service using ASP.NET Core</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-139">Build a front end service using ASP.NET Core</span></span>](service-fabric-reliable-services-communication-aspnetcore.md)

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc97e-140">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-140">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-141">Service Fabric and containers overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-141">Service Fabric and containers overview</span></span>](service-fabric-containers-overview.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-142">Reliable Services overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-142">Reliable Services overview</span></span>](service-fabric-reliable-services-introduction.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-143">Reliable Actors overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-143">Reliable Actors overview</span></span>](service-fabric-reliable-actors-introduction.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="bc97e-144">Service Fabric and ASP.NET Core </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc97e-144">Service Fabric and ASP.NET Core </span></span>](service-fabric-reliable-services-communication-aspnetcore.md)




