---
title: 'Testability: Service communication | Microsoft Docs'
description: Service-to-service communication is a critical integration point of a Service Fabric application. This article discusses design considerations and testing techniques.
services: service-fabric
documentationcenter: .net
author: vturecek
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 017557df-fb59-4e4a-a65d-2732f29255b8
ms.service: service-fabric
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 01/04/2017
ms.author: vturecek
ms.openlocfilehash: f215c37dc417f11112e2c7616bde6d4313b0bc6f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556277"
---
# <a name="service-fabric-testability-scenarios-service-communication"></a><span data-ttu-id="db122-104">Service Fabric testability scenarios: Service communication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-104">Service Fabric testability scenarios: Service communication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="db122-105">Microservices and service-oriented architectural styles surface naturally in Azure Service Fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-105">Microservices and service-oriented architectural styles surface naturally in Azure Service Fabric.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-106">In these types of distributed architectures, componentized microservice applications are typically composed of multiple services that need to talk to each other.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-106">In these types of distributed architectures, componentized microservice applications are typically composed of multiple services that need to talk to each other.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-107">In even the simplest cases, you generally have at least a stateless web service and a stateful data storage service that need to communicate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-107">In even the simplest cases, you generally have at least a stateless web service and a stateful data storage service that need to communicate.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="db122-108">Service-to-service communication is a critical integration point of an application, because each service exposes a remote API to other services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-108">Service-to-service communication is a critical integration point of an application, because each service exposes a remote API to other services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-109">Working with a set of API boundaries that involves I/O generally requires some care, with a good amount of testing and validation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-109">Working with a set of API boundaries that involves I/O generally requires some care, with a good amount of testing and validation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="db122-110">There are numerous considerations to make when these service boundaries are wired together in a distributed system:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-110">There are numerous considerations to make when these service boundaries are wired together in a distributed system:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="db122-111">*Transport protocol*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-111">*Transport protocol*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-112">Will you use HTTP for increased interoperability, or a custom binary protocol for maximum throughput?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-112">Will you use HTTP for increased interoperability, or a custom binary protocol for maximum throughput?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="db122-113">*Error handling*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-113">*Error handling*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-114">How will permanent and transient errors be handled?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-114">How will permanent and transient errors be handled?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-115">What will happen when a service moves to a different node?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-115">What will happen when a service moves to a different node?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="db122-116">*Timeouts and latency*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-116">*Timeouts and latency*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-117">In multitiered applications, how will each service layer handle latency through the stack and to the user?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-117">In multitiered applications, how will each service layer handle latency through the stack and to the user?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="db122-118">Whether you use one of the built-in service communication components provided by Service Fabric or you build your own, testing the interactions between your services is critical to ensuring resiliency in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-118">Whether you use one of the built-in service communication components provided by Service Fabric or you build your own, testing the interactions between your services is critical to ensuring resiliency in your application.</span></span>

## <a name="prepare-for-services-to-move"></a><span data-ttu-id="db122-119">Prepare for services to move</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-119">Prepare for services to move</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="db122-120">Service instances may move around over time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-120">Service instances may move around over time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-121">This is especially true when they are configured with load metrics for custom-tailored optimal resource balancing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-121">This is especially true when they are configured with load metrics for custom-tailored optimal resource balancing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-122">Service Fabric moves your service instances to maximize their availability even during upgrades, failovers, scale-out, and other situations that occur over the lifetime of a distributed system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-122">Service Fabric moves your service instances to maximize their availability even during upgrades, failovers, scale-out, and other situations that occur over the lifetime of a distributed system.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="db122-123">As services move around in the cluster, your clients and other services should be prepared to handle two scenarios when they talk to a service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-123">As services move around in the cluster, your clients and other services should be prepared to handle two scenarios when they talk to a service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="db122-124">The service instance or partition replica has moved since the last time you talked to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-124">The service instance or partition replica has moved since the last time you talked to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-125">This is a normal part of a service lifecycle, and it should be expected to happen during the lifetime of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-125">This is a normal part of a service lifecycle, and it should be expected to happen during the lifetime of your application.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="db122-126">The service instance or partition replica is in the process of moving.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-126">The service instance or partition replica is in the process of moving.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-127">Although failover of a service from one node to another occurs very quickly in Service Fabric, there may be a delay in availability if the communication component of your service is slow to start.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-127">Although failover of a service from one node to another occurs very quickly in Service Fabric, there may be a delay in availability if the communication component of your service is slow to start.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="db122-128">Handling these scenarios gracefully is important for a smooth-running system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-128">Handling these scenarios gracefully is important for a smooth-running system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-129">To do so, keep in mind that:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-129">To do so, keep in mind that:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="db122-130">Every service that can be connected to has an *address* that it listens on (for example, HTTP or WebSockets).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-130">Every service that can be connected to has an *address* that it listens on (for example, HTTP or WebSockets).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-131">When a service instance or partition moves, its address endpoint changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-131">When a service instance or partition moves, its address endpoint changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-132">(It moves to a different node with a different IP address.) If you're using the built-in communication components, they will handle re-resolving service addresses for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-132">(It moves to a different node with a different IP address.) If you're using the built-in communication components, they will handle re-resolving service addresses for you.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="db122-133">There may be a temporary increase in service latency as the service instance starts up its listener again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-133">There may be a temporary increase in service latency as the service instance starts up its listener again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-134">This depends on how quickly the service opens the listener after the service instance is moved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-134">This depends on how quickly the service opens the listener after the service instance is moved.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="db122-135">Any existing connections need to be closed and reopened after the service opens on a new node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-135">Any existing connections need to be closed and reopened after the service opens on a new node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-136">A graceful node shutdown or restart allows time for existing connections to be shut down gracefully.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-136">A graceful node shutdown or restart allows time for existing connections to be shut down gracefully.</span></span>

### <a name="test-it-move-service-instances"></a><span data-ttu-id="db122-137">Test it: Move service instances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-137">Test it: Move service instances</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="db122-138">By using Service Fabric's testability tools, you can author a test scenario to test these situations in different ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-138">By using Service Fabric's testability tools, you can author a test scenario to test these situations in different ways:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="db122-139">Move a stateful service's primary replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-139">Move a stateful service's primary replica.</span></span>
   
    <span data-ttu-id="db122-140">The primary replica of a stateful service partition can be moved for any number of reasons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-140">The primary replica of a stateful service partition can be moved for any number of reasons.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-141">Use this to target the primary replica of a specific partition to see how your services react to the move in a very controlled manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-141">Use this to target the primary replica of a specific partition to see how your services react to the move in a very controlled manner.</span></span>
   
    ```powershell
   
    PS > Move-ServiceFabricPrimaryReplica -PartitionId 6faa4ffa-521a-44e9-8351-dfca0f7e0466 -ServiceName fabric:/MyApplication/MyService
   
    ```
2. <span data-ttu-id="db122-142">Stop a node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-142">Stop a node.</span></span>
   
    <span data-ttu-id="db122-143">When a node is stopped, Service Fabric moves all of the service instances or partitions that were on that node to one of the other available nodes in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-143">When a node is stopped, Service Fabric moves all of the service instances or partitions that were on that node to one of the other available nodes in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-144">Use this to test a situation where a node is lost from your cluster and all of the service instances and replicas on that node have to move.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-144">Use this to test a situation where a node is lost from your cluster and all of the service instances and replicas on that node have to move.</span></span>
   
    <span data-ttu-id="db122-145">You can stop a node by using the PowerShell **Stop-ServiceFabricNode** cmdlet:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-145">You can stop a node by using the PowerShell **Stop-ServiceFabricNode** cmdlet:</span></span>
   
    ```powershell
   
    PS > Restart-ServiceFabricNode -NodeName Node_1
   
    ```

## <a name="maintain-service-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="db122-146">Maintain service availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-146">Maintain service availability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="db122-147">As a platform, Service Fabric is designed to provide high availability of your services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-147">As a platform, Service Fabric is designed to provide high availability of your services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-148">But in extreme cases, underlying infrastructure problems can still cause unavailability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-148">But in extreme cases, underlying infrastructure problems can still cause unavailability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-149">It is important to test for these scenarios, too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-149">It is important to test for these scenarios, too.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="db122-150">Stateful services use a quorum-based system to replicate state for high availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-150">Stateful services use a quorum-based system to replicate state for high availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-151">This means that a quorum of replicas needs to be available to perform write operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-151">This means that a quorum of replicas needs to be available to perform write operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-152">In rare cases, such as a widespread hardware failure, a quorum of replicas may not be available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-152">In rare cases, such as a widespread hardware failure, a quorum of replicas may not be available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-153">In these cases, you will not be able to perform write operations, but you will still be able to perform read operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-153">In these cases, you will not be able to perform write operations, but you will still be able to perform read operations.</span></span>

### <a name="test-it-write-operation-unavailability"></a><span data-ttu-id="db122-154">Test it: Write operation unavailability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-154">Test it: Write operation unavailability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="db122-155">By using the testability tools in Service Fabric, you can inject a fault that induces quorum loss as a test.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-155">By using the testability tools in Service Fabric, you can inject a fault that induces quorum loss as a test.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-156">Although such a scenario is rare, it is important that clients and services that depend on a stateful service are prepared to handle situations where they cannot make write requests to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-156">Although such a scenario is rare, it is important that clients and services that depend on a stateful service are prepared to handle situations where they cannot make write requests to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-157">It is also important that the stateful service itself is aware of this possibility and can gracefully communicate it to callers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-157">It is also important that the stateful service itself is aware of this possibility and can gracefully communicate it to callers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="db122-158">You can induce quorum loss by using the PowerShell **Invoke-ServiceFabricPartitionQuorumLoss** cmdlet:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-158">You can induce quorum loss by using the PowerShell **Invoke-ServiceFabricPartitionQuorumLoss** cmdlet:</span></span>

```powershell

PS > Invoke-ServiceFabricPartitionQuorumLoss -ServiceName fabric:/Myapplication/MyService -QuorumLossMode QuorumReplicas -QuorumLossDurationInSeconds 20

```

<span data-ttu-id="db122-159">In this example, we set `QuorumLossMode` to `QuorumReplicas` to indicate that we want to induce quorum loss without taking down all replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-159">In this example, we set `QuorumLossMode` to `QuorumReplicas` to indicate that we want to induce quorum loss without taking down all replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-160">This way, read operations are still possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-160">This way, read operations are still possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="db122-161">To test a scenario where an entire partition is unavailable, you can set this switch to `AllReplicas`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-161">To test a scenario where an entire partition is unavailable, you can set this switch to `AllReplicas`.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="db122-162">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-162">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="db122-163">Learn more about testability actions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-163">Learn more about testability actions</span></span>](service-fabric-testability-actions.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="db122-164">Learn more about testability scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="db122-164">Learn more about testability scenarios</span></span>](service-fabric-testability-scenarios.md)

