---
title: Common questions about Microsoft Azure Service Fabric | Microsoft Docs
description: Frequently asked questions about Service Fabric and their answers
services: service-fabric
documentationcenter: .net
author: seanmck
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 5a179703-ff0c-4b8e-98cd-377253295d12
ms.service: service-fabric
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/08/2017
ms.author: seanmck
ms.openlocfilehash: 6c0c6b24f9d669e7ed45e6b2acf2e75390e5e1f4
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552262"
---
# <a name="commonly-asked-service-fabric-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-103">Commonly asked Service Fabric questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-103">Commonly asked Service Fabric questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-104">There are many commonly asked questions about what Service Fabric can do and how it should be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-104">There are many commonly asked questions about what Service Fabric can do and how it should be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-105">This document covers many of those common questions and their answers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-105">This document covers many of those common questions and their answers.</span></span>

## <a name="cluster-setup-and-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-106">Cluster setup and management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-106">Cluster setup and management</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-create-a-cluster-that-spans-multiple-azure-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-107">Can I create a cluster that spans multiple Azure regions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-107">Can I create a cluster that spans multiple Azure regions?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-108">Not today, but this is a common request that we continue to investigate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-108">Not today, but this is a common request that we continue to investigate.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-109">The core Service Fabric clustering technology knows nothing about Azure regions and can be used to combine machines running anywhere in the world, so long as they have network connectivity to each other.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-109">The core Service Fabric clustering technology knows nothing about Azure regions and can be used to combine machines running anywhere in the world, so long as they have network connectivity to each other.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-110">However, the Service Fabric cluster resource in Azure is regional, as are the virtual machine scale sets that the cluster is built on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-110">However, the Service Fabric cluster resource in Azure is regional, as are the virtual machine scale sets that the cluster is built on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-111">In addition, there is an inherent challenge in delivering strongly consistent data replication between machines spread far apart.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-111">In addition, there is an inherent challenge in delivering strongly consistent data replication between machines spread far apart.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-112">We want to ensure that performance is predictable and acceptable before supporting cross-regional clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-112">We want to ensure that performance is predictable and acceptable before supporting cross-regional clusters.</span></span>

### <a name="do-service-fabric-nodes-automatically-receive-os-updates"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-113">Do Service Fabric nodes automatically receive OS updates?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-113">Do Service Fabric nodes automatically receive OS updates?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-114">Not today, but this is also a common request that we intend to deliver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-114">Not today, but this is also a common request that we intend to deliver.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-115">The challenge with OS updates is that they typically require a reboot of the machine, which results in temporary availability loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-115">The challenge with OS updates is that they typically require a reboot of the machine, which results in temporary availability loss.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-116">By itself, that is not a problem, since Service Fabric will automatically redirect traffic for those services to other nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-116">By itself, that is not a problem, since Service Fabric will automatically redirect traffic for those services to other nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-117">However, if OS updates are not coordinated across the cluster, there is the potential that many nodes go down at once.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-117">However, if OS updates are not coordinated across the cluster, there is the potential that many nodes go down at once.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-118">Such simultaneous reboots can cause complete availability loss for a service, or at least for a specific partition (for a stateful service).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-118">Such simultaneous reboots can cause complete availability loss for a service, or at least for a specific partition (for a stateful service).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-119">In the future, we will support an OS update policy that is fully automated and coordinated across update domains, ensuring that availability is maintained despite reboots and other unexpected failures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-119">In the future, we will support an OS update policy that is fully automated and coordinated across update domains, ensuring that availability is maintained despite reboots and other unexpected failures.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-120">In the interim, we have [provided a script](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azureservicefabric/2017/01/09/os-patching-for-vms-running-service-fabric/) that a cluster administrator can use to manually kick off patching of each node in a safe manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-120">In the interim, we have [provided a script](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azureservicefabric/2017/01/09/os-patching-for-vms-running-service-fabric/) that a cluster administrator can use to manually kick off patching of each node in a safe manner.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-use-large-virtual-scale-sets-in-my-sf-cluster"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-121">Can I use Large Virtual Scale Sets in my SF cluster?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-121">Can I use Large Virtual Scale Sets in my SF cluster?</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-122">**Short answer** - No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-122">**Short answer** - No.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-123">**Long Answer** - Although the Large Virtual Scale Sets (VMSS) allow you to scale a VMSS upto 1000 VM instances, it does so by the use of Placement Groups (PGs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-123">**Long Answer** - Although the Large Virtual Scale Sets (VMSS) allow you to scale a VMSS upto 1000 VM instances, it does so by the use of Placement Groups (PGs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-124">Fault domains (FDs) and upgrade domains (UDs) are only consistent within a placement group Service fabric uses FDs and UDs to make placement decisions of your service replicas/Service instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-124">Fault domains (FDs) and upgrade domains (UDs) are only consistent within a placement group Service fabric uses FDs and UDs to make placement decisions of your service replicas/Service instances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-125">Since the FDs  and UDs are comparable only within a placement group SF cannot use it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-125">Since the FDs  and UDs are comparable only within a placement group SF cannot use it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-126">For example, If VM1 in PG1 has a topology of FD=0 and VM9 in PG2 has a topology of FD=4 , it does not mean that VM1 and VM2 are on two different Hardware Racks, hence SF cannot use the FD values in this case to make placement decisions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-126">For example, If VM1 in PG1 has a topology of FD=0 and VM9 in PG2 has a topology of FD=4 , it does not mean that VM1 and VM2 are on two different Hardware Racks, hence SF cannot use the FD values in this case to make placement decisions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-127">There are other issues with Large VMSS currently, like the lack of level-4 Load balancing support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-127">There are other issues with Large VMSS currently, like the lack of level-4 Load balancing support.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-128">Refer to for [details on Large VMSS](../virtual-machine-scale-sets/virtual-machine-scale-sets-placement-groups.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-128">Refer to for [details on Large VMSS](../virtual-machine-scale-sets/virtual-machine-scale-sets-placement-groups.md)</span></span>



### <a name="what-is-the-minimum-size-of-a-service-fabric-cluster-why-cant-it-be-smaller"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-129">What is the minimum size of a Service Fabric cluster?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-129">What is the minimum size of a Service Fabric cluster?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-130">Why can't it be smaller?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-130">Why can't it be smaller?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-131">The minimum supported size for a Service Fabric cluster running production workloads is five nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-131">The minimum supported size for a Service Fabric cluster running production workloads is five nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-132">For dev/test scenarios, we support three node clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-132">For dev/test scenarios, we support three node clusters.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-133">These minimums exist because the Service Fabric cluster runs a set of stateful system services, including the naming service and the failover manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-133">These minimums exist because the Service Fabric cluster runs a set of stateful system services, including the naming service and the failover manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-134">These services, which track what services have been deployed to the cluster and where they're currently hosted, depend on strong consistency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-134">These services, which track what services have been deployed to the cluster and where they're currently hosted, depend on strong consistency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-135">That strong consistency, in turn, depends on the ability to acquire a *quorum* for any given update to the state of those services, where a quorum represents a strict majority of the replicas (N/2 +1) for a given service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-135">That strong consistency, in turn, depends on the ability to acquire a *quorum* for any given update to the state of those services, where a quorum represents a strict majority of the replicas (N/2 +1) for a given service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-136">With that background, let's examine some possible cluster configurations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-136">With that background, let's examine some possible cluster configurations:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-137">**One node**: this option does not provide high availability since the loss of the single node for any reason means the loss of the entire cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-137">**One node**: this option does not provide high availability since the loss of the single node for any reason means the loss of the entire cluster.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-138">**Two nodes**: a quorum for a service deployed across two nodes (N = 2) is 2 (2/2 + 1 = 2).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-138">**Two nodes**: a quorum for a service deployed across two nodes (N = 2) is 2 (2/2 + 1 = 2).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-139">When a single replica is lost, it is impossible to create a quorum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-139">When a single replica is lost, it is impossible to create a quorum.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-140">Since performing a service upgrade requires temporarily taking down a replica, this is not a useful configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-140">Since performing a service upgrade requires temporarily taking down a replica, this is not a useful configuration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-141">**Three nodes**: with three nodes (N=3), the requirement to create a quorum is still two nodes (3/2 + 1 = 2).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-141">**Three nodes**: with three nodes (N=3), the requirement to create a quorum is still two nodes (3/2 + 1 = 2).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-142">This means that you can lose an individual node and still maintain quorum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-142">This means that you can lose an individual node and still maintain quorum.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-143">The three node cluster configuration is supported for dev/test because you can safely perform upgrades and survive individual node failures, as long as they don't happen simultaneously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-143">The three node cluster configuration is supported for dev/test because you can safely perform upgrades and survive individual node failures, as long as they don't happen simultaneously.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-144">For production workloads, you must be resilient to such a simultaneous failure, so five nodes are required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-144">For production workloads, you must be resilient to such a simultaneous failure, so five nodes are required.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-turn-off-my-cluster-at-nightweekends-to-save-costs"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-145">Can I turn off my cluster at night/weekends to save costs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-145">Can I turn off my cluster at night/weekends to save costs?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-146">In general, no.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-146">In general, no.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-147">Service Fabric stores state on local, ephemeral disks, meaning that if the virtual machine is moved to a different host, the data does not move with it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-147">Service Fabric stores state on local, ephemeral disks, meaning that if the virtual machine is moved to a different host, the data does not move with it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-148">In normal operation, that is not a problem as the new node is brought up to date by other nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-148">In normal operation, that is not a problem as the new node is brought up to date by other nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-149">However, if you stop all nodes and restart them later, there is a significant possibility that most of the nodes start on new hosts and make the system unable to recover.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-149">However, if you stop all nodes and restart them later, there is a significant possibility that most of the nodes start on new hosts and make the system unable to recover.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-150">If you would like to create clusters for testing your application before it is deployed, we recommend that you dynamically create those clusters as part of your [continuous integration/continuous deployment pipeline](service-fabric-set-up-continuous-integration.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-150">If you would like to create clusters for testing your application before it is deployed, we recommend that you dynamically create those clusters as part of your [continuous integration/continuous deployment pipeline](service-fabric-set-up-continuous-integration.md).</span></span>

## <a name="application-design"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-151">Application Design</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-151">Application Design</span></span>

### <a name="whats-the-best-way-to-query-data-across-partitions-of-a-reliable-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-152">What's the best way to query data across partitions of a Reliable Collection?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-152">What's the best way to query data across partitions of a Reliable Collection?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-153">Reliable collections are typically [partitioned](service-fabric-concepts-partitioning.md) to enable scale out for greater performance and throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-153">Reliable collections are typically [partitioned](service-fabric-concepts-partitioning.md) to enable scale out for greater performance and throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-154">That means that the state for a given service may be spread across 10s or 100s of machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-154">That means that the state for a given service may be spread across 10s or 100s of machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-155">To perform operations over that full data set, you have a few options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-155">To perform operations over that full data set, you have a few options:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-156">Create a service that queries all partitions of another service to pull in the required data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-156">Create a service that queries all partitions of another service to pull in the required data.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-157">Create a service that can receive data from all partitions of another service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-157">Create a service that can receive data from all partitions of another service.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-158">Periodically push data from each service to an external store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-158">Periodically push data from each service to an external store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-159">This approach is only appropriate if the queries you're performing are not part of your core business logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-159">This approach is only appropriate if the queries you're performing are not part of your core business logic.</span></span>


### <a name="whats-the-best-way-to-query-data-across-my-actors"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-160">What's the best way to query data across my actors?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-160">What's the best way to query data across my actors?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-161">Actors are designed to be independent units of state and compute, so it is not recommended to perform broad queries of actor state at runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-161">Actors are designed to be independent units of state and compute, so it is not recommended to perform broad queries of actor state at runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-162">If you have a need to query across the full set of actor state, you should consider either:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-162">If you have a need to query across the full set of actor state, you should consider either:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-163">Replacing your actor services with stateful reliable services, such that the number of network requests to gather all data from the number of actors to the number of partitions in your service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-163">Replacing your actor services with stateful reliable services, such that the number of network requests to gather all data from the number of actors to the number of partitions in your service.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-164">Designing your actors to periodically push their state to an external store for easier querying.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-164">Designing your actors to periodically push their state to an external store for easier querying.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-165">As above, this approach is only viable if the queries you're performing are not required for your runtime behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-165">As above, this approach is only viable if the queries you're performing are not required for your runtime behavior.</span></span>

### <a name="how-much-data-can-i-store-in-a-reliable-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-166">How much data can I store in a Reliable Collection?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-166">How much data can I store in a Reliable Collection?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-167">Reliable services are typically partitioned, so the amount you can store is only limited by the number of machines you have in the cluster, and the amount of memory available on those machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-167">Reliable services are typically partitioned, so the amount you can store is only limited by the number of machines you have in the cluster, and the amount of memory available on those machines.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-168">As an example, suppose that you have a reliable collection in a service with 100 partitions and 3 replicas, storing objects that average 1kb in size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-168">As an example, suppose that you have a reliable collection in a service with 100 partitions and 3 replicas, storing objects that average 1kb in size.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-169">Now suppose that you have a 10 machine cluster with 16gb of memory per machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-169">Now suppose that you have a 10 machine cluster with 16gb of memory per machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-170">For simplicity and to be very conservative, assume that the operating system and system services, the Service Fabric runtime, and your services consume 6gb of that, leaving 10gb available per machine, or 100gb for the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-170">For simplicity and to be very conservative, assume that the operating system and system services, the Service Fabric runtime, and your services consume 6gb of that, leaving 10gb available per machine, or 100gb for the cluster.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-171">Keeping in mind that each object must be stored three times (one primary and two replicas), you would have sufficient memory for approximately 35 million objects in your collection when operating at full capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-171">Keeping in mind that each object must be stored three times (one primary and two replicas), you would have sufficient memory for approximately 35 million objects in your collection when operating at full capacity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-172">However, we recommend being resilient to the simultaneous loss of a failure domain and an upgrade domain, which represents about 1/3 of capacity, and would reduce the number to roughly 23 million.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-172">However, we recommend being resilient to the simultaneous loss of a failure domain and an upgrade domain, which represents about 1/3 of capacity, and would reduce the number to roughly 23 million.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-173">Note that this calculation also assumes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-173">Note that this calculation also assumes:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-174">That the distribution of data across the partitions is roughly uniform or that you're reporting load metrics to the cluster resource manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-174">That the distribution of data across the partitions is roughly uniform or that you're reporting load metrics to the cluster resource manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-175">By default, Service Fabric will load balance based on replica count.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-175">By default, Service Fabric will load balance based on replica count.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-176">In our example above, that would put 10 primary replicas and 20 secondary replicas on each node in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-176">In our example above, that would put 10 primary replicas and 20 secondary replicas on each node in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-177">That works well for load that is evenly distributed across the partitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-177">That works well for load that is evenly distributed across the partitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-178">If load is not even, you must report load so that the resource manager can pack smaller replicas together and allow larger replicas to consume more memory on an individual node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-178">If load is not even, you must report load so that the resource manager can pack smaller replicas together and allow larger replicas to consume more memory on an individual node.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-179">That the reliable service in question is the only one storing state in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-179">That the reliable service in question is the only one storing state in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-180">Since you can deploy multiple services to a cluster, you need to be mindful of the resources that each will need to run and manage its state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-180">Since you can deploy multiple services to a cluster, you need to be mindful of the resources that each will need to run and manage its state.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-181">That the cluster itself is not growing or shrinking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-181">That the cluster itself is not growing or shrinking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-182">If you add more machines, Service Fabric will rebalance your replicas to leverage the additional capacity until the number of machines surpasses the number of partitions in your service, since an individual replica cannot span machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-182">If you add more machines, Service Fabric will rebalance your replicas to leverage the additional capacity until the number of machines surpasses the number of partitions in your service, since an individual replica cannot span machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-183">By contrast, if you reduce the size of the cluster by removing machines, your replicas will be packed more tightly and have less overall capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-183">By contrast, if you reduce the size of the cluster by removing machines, your replicas will be packed more tightly and have less overall capacity.</span></span>

### <a name="how-much-data-can-i-store-in-an-actor"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-184">How much data can I store in an actor?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-184">How much data can I store in an actor?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-185">As with reliable services, the amount of data that you can store in an actor service is only limited by the total disk space and memory available across the nodes in your cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-185">As with reliable services, the amount of data that you can store in an actor service is only limited by the total disk space and memory available across the nodes in your cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-186">However, individual actors are most effective when they are used to encapsulate a small amount of state and associated business logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-186">However, individual actors are most effective when they are used to encapsulate a small amount of state and associated business logic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-187">As a general rule, an individual actor should have state that is measured in kilobytes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-187">As a general rule, an individual actor should have state that is measured in kilobytes.</span></span>

## <a name="other-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-188">Other questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-188">Other questions</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-service-fabric-relate-to-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-189">How does Service Fabric relate to containers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-189">How does Service Fabric relate to containers?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-190">Containers offer a simple way to package services and their dependencies such that they run consistently in all environments and can operate in an isolated fashion on a single machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-190">Containers offer a simple way to package services and their dependencies such that they run consistently in all environments and can operate in an isolated fashion on a single machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-191">Service Fabric offers a way to deploy and manage services, including [services that have been packaged in a container](service-fabric-containers-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-191">Service Fabric offers a way to deploy and manage services, including [services that have been packaged in a container](service-fabric-containers-overview.md).</span></span>

### <a name="are-you-planning-to-open-source-service-fabric"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-192">Are you planning to open source Service Fabric?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-192">Are you planning to open source Service Fabric?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-193">We intend to open source the reliable services and reliable actors frameworks on GitHub and will accept community contributions to those projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-193">We intend to open source the reliable services and reliable actors frameworks on GitHub and will accept community contributions to those projects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b79c3-194">Please follow the [Service Fabric blog](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azureservicefabric/) for more details as they're announced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-194">Please follow the [Service Fabric blog](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azureservicefabric/) for more details as they're announced.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-195">The are currently no plans to open source the Service Fabric runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-195">The are currently no plans to open source the Service Fabric runtime.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="b79c3-196">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-196">Next steps</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="b79c3-197">Learn about core Service Fabric concepts and best practices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b79c3-197">Learn about core Service Fabric concepts and best practices</span></span>](https://mva.microsoft.com/en-us/training-courses/building-microservices-applications-on-azure-service-fabric-16747?l=tbuZM46yC_5206218965)
