---
title: Learn Azure Service Fabric terminology | Microsoft Docs
description: A terminology overview of Service Fabric. Discusses key terminology concepts and terms used in the rest of the documentation.
services: service-fabric
documentationcenter: .net
author: rwike77
manager: timlt
editor: chackdan;subramar
ms.assetid: 3a970679-e19e-43b3-9be8-71773f307c57
ms.service: service-fabric
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 03/26/2018
ms.author: ryanwi
ms.openlocfilehash: 3935fde57760f36194bf893b3ba7208ba490720b
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44814033"
---
# <a name="service-fabric-terminology-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5284-104">Service Fabric terminology overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-104">Service Fabric terminology overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5284-105">Azure Service Fabric is a distributed systems platform that makes it easy to package, deploy, and manage scalable and reliable microservices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-105">Azure Service Fabric is a distributed systems platform that makes it easy to package, deploy, and manage scalable and reliable microservices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-106">This article details the terminology used by Service Fabric to understand the terms used in the documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-106">This article details the terminology used by Service Fabric to understand the terms used in the documentation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-107">The concepts listed in this section are also discussed in the following Microsoft Virtual Academy videos: <a target="_blank" href="https://mva.microsoft.com/en-US/training-courses/building-microservices-applications-on-azure-service-fabric-16747?l=tbuZM46yC_5206218965">Core concepts</a>, <a target="_blank" href="https://mva.microsoft.com/en-US/training-courses/building-microservices-applications-on-azure-service-fabric-16747?l=tlkI046yC_2906218965">Design-time concepts</a>, and <a target="_blank" href="https://mva.microsoft.com/en-US/training-courses/building-microservices-applications-on-azure-service-fabric-16747?l=x7CVH56yC_1406218965">Runtime concepts</a>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-107">The concepts listed in this section are also discussed in the following Microsoft Virtual Academy videos: <a target="_blank" href="https://mva.microsoft.com/en-US/training-courses/building-microservices-applications-on-azure-service-fabric-16747?l=tbuZM46yC_5206218965">Core concepts</a>, <a target="_blank" href="https://mva.microsoft.com/en-US/training-courses/building-microservices-applications-on-azure-service-fabric-16747?l=tlkI046yC_2906218965">Design-time concepts</a>, and <a target="_blank" href="https://mva.microsoft.com/en-US/training-courses/building-microservices-applications-on-azure-service-fabric-16747?l=x7CVH56yC_1406218965">Runtime concepts</a>.</span></span>

## <a name="infrastructure-concepts"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5284-108">Infrastructure concepts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-108">Infrastructure concepts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5284-109">**Cluster**: A network-connected set of virtual or physical machines into which your microservices are deployed and managed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-109">**Cluster**: A network-connected set of virtual or physical machines into which your microservices are deployed and managed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="f5284-110">Clusters can scale to thousands of machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-110">Clusters can scale to thousands of machines.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-111">**Node**: A machine or VM that's part of a cluster is called a *node*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-111">**Node**: A machine or VM that's part of a cluster is called a *node*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-112">Each node is assigned a node name (a string).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-112">Each node is assigned a node name (a string).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-113">Nodes have characteristics, such as placement properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-113">Nodes have characteristics, such as placement properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-114">Each machine or VM has an auto-start Windows service, `FabricHost.exe`, that starts running upon boot and then starts two executables: `Fabric.exe` and `FabricGateway.exe`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-114">Each machine or VM has an auto-start Windows service, `FabricHost.exe`, that starts running upon boot and then starts two executables: `Fabric.exe` and `FabricGateway.exe`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-115">These two executables make up the node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-115">These two executables make up the node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-116">For testing scenarios, you can host multiple nodes on a single machine or VM by running multiple instances of `Fabric.exe` and `FabricGateway.exe`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-116">For testing scenarios, you can host multiple nodes on a single machine or VM by running multiple instances of `Fabric.exe` and `FabricGateway.exe`.</span></span>

## <a name="application-concepts"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5284-117">Application concepts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-117">Application concepts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5284-118">**Application type**: The name/version assigned to a collection of service types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-118">**Application type**: The name/version assigned to a collection of service types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-119">It is defined in an `ApplicationManifest.xml` file and embedded in an application package directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-119">It is defined in an `ApplicationManifest.xml` file and embedded in an application package directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-120">The directory is then copied to the Service Fabric cluster's image store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-120">The directory is then copied to the Service Fabric cluster's image store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-121">You can then create a named application from this application type within the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-121">You can then create a named application from this application type within the cluster.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-122">Read the [Application model](service-fabric-application-model.md) article for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-122">Read the [Application model](service-fabric-application-model.md) article for more information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-123">**Application package**: A disk directory containing the application type's `ApplicationManifest.xml` file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-123">**Application package**: A disk directory containing the application type's `ApplicationManifest.xml` file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-124">References the service packages for each service type that makes up the application type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-124">References the service packages for each service type that makes up the application type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-125">The files in the application package directory are copied to Service Fabric cluster's image store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-125">The files in the application package directory are copied to Service Fabric cluster's image store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-126">For example, an application package for an email application type might contain references to a queue-service package, a frontend-service package, and a database-service package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-126">For example, an application package for an email application type might contain references to a queue-service package, a frontend-service package, and a database-service package.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-127">**Named application**: After you copy an application package to the image store, you create an instance of the application within the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-127">**Named application**: After you copy an application package to the image store, you create an instance of the application within the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-128">You create an instance when you specify the application package's application type, by using its name or version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-128">You create an instance when you specify the application package's application type, by using its name or version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-129">Each application type instance is assigned a uniform resource identifier (URI) name that looks like: `"fabric:/MyNamedApp"`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-129">Each application type instance is assigned a uniform resource identifier (URI) name that looks like: `"fabric:/MyNamedApp"`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-130">Within a cluster, you can create multiple named applications from a single application type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-130">Within a cluster, you can create multiple named applications from a single application type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-131">You can also create named applications from different application types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-131">You can also create named applications from different application types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-132">Each named application is managed and versioned independently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-132">Each named application is managed and versioned independently.</span></span>      

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-133">**Service type**: The name/version assigned to a service's code packages, data packages, and configuration packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-133">**Service type**: The name/version assigned to a service's code packages, data packages, and configuration packages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-134">The service type is defined in the `ServiceManifest.xml` file and embedded in a service package directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-134">The service type is defined in the `ServiceManifest.xml` file and embedded in a service package directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-135">The service package directory is then referenced by an application package's `ApplicationManifest.xml` file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-135">The service package directory is then referenced by an application package's `ApplicationManifest.xml` file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-136">Within the cluster, after creating a named application, you can create a named service from one of the application type's service types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-136">Within the cluster, after creating a named application, you can create a named service from one of the application type's service types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-137">The service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file describes the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-137">The service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file describes the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-138">Read the [Application model](service-fabric-application-model.md) article for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-138">Read the [Application model](service-fabric-application-model.md) article for more information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-139">There are two types of services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-139">There are two types of services:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f5284-140">**Stateless**: Use a stateless service when the service's persistent state is stored in an external storage service, such as Azure Storage, Azure SQL Database, or Azure Cosmos DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-140">**Stateless**: Use a stateless service when the service's persistent state is stored in an external storage service, such as Azure Storage, Azure SQL Database, or Azure Cosmos DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-141">Use a stateless service when the service has no persistent storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-141">Use a stateless service when the service has no persistent storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-142">For example, for a calculator service where values are passed to the service, a computation is performed that uses these values, and then a result is returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-142">For example, for a calculator service where values are passed to the service, a computation is performed that uses these values, and then a result is returned.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5284-143">**Stateful**: Use a stateful service when you want Service Fabric to manage your service's state via its Reliable Collections or Reliable Actors programming models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-143">**Stateful**: Use a stateful service when you want Service Fabric to manage your service's state via its Reliable Collections or Reliable Actors programming models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-144">When you create a named service, specify how many partitions you want to spread your state over for scalability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-144">When you create a named service, specify how many partitions you want to spread your state over for scalability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-145">Also specify how many times to replicate your state across nodes, for reliability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-145">Also specify how many times to replicate your state across nodes, for reliability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-146">Each named service has a single primary replica and multiple secondary replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-146">Each named service has a single primary replica and multiple secondary replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-147">You modify your named service's state when you write to the primary replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-147">You modify your named service's state when you write to the primary replica.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-148">Service Fabric then replicates this state to all the secondary replicas to keep your state in sync. Service Fabric automatically detects when a primary replica fails and promotes an existing secondary replica to a primary replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-148">Service Fabric then replicates this state to all the secondary replicas to keep your state in sync. Service Fabric automatically detects when a primary replica fails and promotes an existing secondary replica to a primary replica.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-149">Service Fabric then creates a new secondary replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-149">Service Fabric then creates a new secondary replica.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-150">**Replicas or instances** refer to code (and state for stateful services) of a service that's deployed and running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-150">**Replicas or instances** refer to code (and state for stateful services) of a service that's deployed and running.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-151">See [Replicas and instances](service-fabric-concepts-replica-lifecycle.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-151">See [Replicas and instances](service-fabric-concepts-replica-lifecycle.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-152">**Reconfiguration** refers to the process of any change in the replica set of a service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-152">**Reconfiguration** refers to the process of any change in the replica set of a service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-153">See [Reconfiguration](service-fabric-concepts-reconfiguration.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-153">See [Reconfiguration](service-fabric-concepts-reconfiguration.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-154">**Service package**: A disk directory containing the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-154">**Service package**: A disk directory containing the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-155">This file references the code, static data, and configuration packages for the service type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-155">This file references the code, static data, and configuration packages for the service type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-156">The files in the service package directory are referenced by the application type's `ApplicationManifest.xml` file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-156">The files in the service package directory are referenced by the application type's `ApplicationManifest.xml` file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-157">For example, a service package might refer to the code, static data, and configuration packages that make up a database service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-157">For example, a service package might refer to the code, static data, and configuration packages that make up a database service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-158">**Named service**: After you create a named application, you can create an instance of one of its service types within the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-158">**Named service**: After you create a named application, you can create an instance of one of its service types within the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-159">You specify the service type by using its name/version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-159">You specify the service type by using its name/version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-160">Each service type instance is assigned a URI name scoped under its named application's URI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-160">Each service type instance is assigned a URI name scoped under its named application's URI.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-161">For example, if you create a "MyDatabase" named service within a "MyNamedApp" named application, the URI looks like: `"fabric:/MyNamedApp/MyDatabase"`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-161">For example, if you create a "MyDatabase" named service within a "MyNamedApp" named application, the URI looks like: `"fabric:/MyNamedApp/MyDatabase"`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-162">Within a named application, you can create several named services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-162">Within a named application, you can create several named services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-163">Each named service can have its own partition scheme and instance or replica counts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-163">Each named service can have its own partition scheme and instance or replica counts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-164">**Code package**: A disk directory containing the service type's executable files, typically EXE/DLL files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-164">**Code package**: A disk directory containing the service type's executable files, typically EXE/DLL files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-165">The files in the code package directory are referenced by the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-165">The files in the code package directory are referenced by the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-166">When you create a named service, the code package is copied to the node or nodes selected to run the named service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-166">When you create a named service, the code package is copied to the node or nodes selected to run the named service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-167">Then the code starts to run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-167">Then the code starts to run.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-168">There are two types of code package executables:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-168">There are two types of code package executables:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f5284-169">**Guest executables**: Executables that run as-is on the host operating system (Windows or Linux).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-169">**Guest executables**: Executables that run as-is on the host operating system (Windows or Linux).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-170">These executables don't link to or reference any Service Fabric runtime files and therefore don't use any Service Fabric programming models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-170">These executables don't link to or reference any Service Fabric runtime files and therefore don't use any Service Fabric programming models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-171">These executables are unable to use some Service Fabric features, such as the naming service for endpoint discovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-171">These executables are unable to use some Service Fabric features, such as the naming service for endpoint discovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-172">Guest executables can't report load metrics that are specific to each service instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-172">Guest executables can't report load metrics that are specific to each service instance.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5284-173">**Service host executables**: Executables that use Service Fabric programming models by linking to Service Fabric runtime files, enabling Service Fabric features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-173">**Service host executables**: Executables that use Service Fabric programming models by linking to Service Fabric runtime files, enabling Service Fabric features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-174">For example, a named service instance can register endpoints with Service Fabric's Naming Service and can also report load metrics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-174">For example, a named service instance can register endpoints with Service Fabric's Naming Service and can also report load metrics.</span></span>      

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-175">**Data package**: A disk directory that contains the service type's static, read-only data files, typically photo, sound, and video files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-175">**Data package**: A disk directory that contains the service type's static, read-only data files, typically photo, sound, and video files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-176">The files in the data package directory are referenced by the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-176">The files in the data package directory are referenced by the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-177">When you create a named service, the data package is copied to the node or nodes selected to run the named service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-177">When you create a named service, the data package is copied to the node or nodes selected to run the named service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-178">The code starts running and can now access the data files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-178">The code starts running and can now access the data files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-179">**Configuration package**: A disk directory that contains the service type's static, read-only configuration files, typically text files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-179">**Configuration package**: A disk directory that contains the service type's static, read-only configuration files, typically text files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-180">The files in the configuration package directory are referenced by the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-180">The files in the configuration package directory are referenced by the service type's `ServiceManifest.xml` file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-181">When you create a named service, the files in the configuration package are copied one or more nodes selected to run the named service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-181">When you create a named service, the files in the configuration package are copied one or more nodes selected to run the named service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-182">Then the code starts to run and can now access the configuration files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-182">Then the code starts to run and can now access the configuration files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-183">**Containers**: By default, Service Fabric deploys and activates services as processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-183">**Containers**: By default, Service Fabric deploys and activates services as processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-184">Service Fabric can also deploy services in container images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-184">Service Fabric can also deploy services in container images.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-185">Containers are a virtualization technology that virtualizes the underlying operating system from applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-185">Containers are a virtualization technology that virtualizes the underlying operating system from applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-186">An application and its runtime, dependencies, and system libraries run inside a container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-186">An application and its runtime, dependencies, and system libraries run inside a container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-187">The container has full, private access to the container's own isolated view of the operating system constructs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-187">The container has full, private access to the container's own isolated view of the operating system constructs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-188">Service Fabric supports Docker containers on Linux and Windows Server containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-188">Service Fabric supports Docker containers on Linux and Windows Server containers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-189">For more information, read [Service Fabric and containers](service-fabric-containers-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-189">For more information, read [Service Fabric and containers](service-fabric-containers-overview.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-190">**Partition scheme**: When you create a named service, you specify a partition scheme.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-190">**Partition scheme**: When you create a named service, you specify a partition scheme.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-191">Services with substantial amounts of state split the data across partitions, which spreads the state across the cluster's nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-191">Services with substantial amounts of state split the data across partitions, which spreads the state across the cluster's nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-192">By splitting the data across partitions, your named service's state can scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-192">By splitting the data across partitions, your named service's state can scale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-193">Within a partition, stateless named services have instances, whereas stateful named services have replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-193">Within a partition, stateless named services have instances, whereas stateful named services have replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-194">Usually, stateless named services have only one partition, because they have no internal state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-194">Usually, stateless named services have only one partition, because they have no internal state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-195">The partition instances provide for availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-195">The partition instances provide for availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-196">If one instance fails, other instances continue to operate normally, and then Service Fabric creates a new instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-196">If one instance fails, other instances continue to operate normally, and then Service Fabric creates a new instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-197">Stateful named services maintain their state within replicas and each partition has its own replica set so the state is kept in sync. Should a replica fail, Service Fabric builds a new replica from the existing replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-197">Stateful named services maintain their state within replicas and each partition has its own replica set so the state is kept in sync. Should a replica fail, Service Fabric builds a new replica from the existing replicas.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-198">Read the [Partition Service Fabric reliable services](service-fabric-concepts-partitioning.md) article for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-198">Read the [Partition Service Fabric reliable services](service-fabric-concepts-partitioning.md) article for more information.</span></span>

## <a name="system-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5284-199">System services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-199">System services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5284-200">There are system services that are created in every cluster that provide the platform capabilities of Service Fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-200">There are system services that are created in every cluster that provide the platform capabilities of Service Fabric.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-201">**Naming Service**: Each Service Fabric cluster has a Naming Service, which resolves service names to a location in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-201">**Naming Service**: Each Service Fabric cluster has a Naming Service, which resolves service names to a location in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-202">You manage the service names and properties, like an internet Domain Name System (DNS) for the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-202">You manage the service names and properties, like an internet Domain Name System (DNS) for the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-203">Clients securely communicate with any node in the cluster by using the Naming Service to resolve a service name and its location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-203">Clients securely communicate with any node in the cluster by using the Naming Service to resolve a service name and its location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-204">Applications move within the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-204">Applications move within the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-205">For example, this can be due to failures, resource balancing, or the resizing of the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-205">For example, this can be due to failures, resource balancing, or the resizing of the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-206">You can develop services and clients that resolve the current network location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-206">You can develop services and clients that resolve the current network location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-207">Clients obtain the actual machine IP address and port where it's currently running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-207">Clients obtain the actual machine IP address and port where it's currently running.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-208">Read [Communicate with services](service-fabric-connect-and-communicate-with-services.md) for more information on the client and service communication APIs that work with the Naming Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-208">Read [Communicate with services](service-fabric-connect-and-communicate-with-services.md) for more information on the client and service communication APIs that work with the Naming Service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-209">**Image Store service**: Each Service Fabric cluster has an Image Store service where deployed, versioned application packages are kept.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-209">**Image Store service**: Each Service Fabric cluster has an Image Store service where deployed, versioned application packages are kept.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-210">Copy an application package to the Image Store and then register the application type contained within that application package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-210">Copy an application package to the Image Store and then register the application type contained within that application package.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-211">After the application type is provisioned, you create a named application from it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-211">After the application type is provisioned, you create a named application from it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-212">You can unregister an application type from the Image Store service after all its named applications have been deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-212">You can unregister an application type from the Image Store service after all its named applications have been deleted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-213">Read [Understand the ImageStoreConnectionString setting](service-fabric-image-store-connection-string.md) for more information about the Image Store service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-213">Read [Understand the ImageStoreConnectionString setting](service-fabric-image-store-connection-string.md) for more information about the Image Store service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-214">Read the [Deploy an application](service-fabric-deploy-remove-applications.md) article for more information on deploying applications to the Image Store service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-214">Read the [Deploy an application](service-fabric-deploy-remove-applications.md) article for more information on deploying applications to the Image Store service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-215">**Failover Manager service**: Each Service Fabric cluster has a Failover Manager service that is responsible for the following actions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-215">**Failover Manager service**: Each Service Fabric cluster has a Failover Manager service that is responsible for the following actions:</span></span>
   - <span data-ttu-id="f5284-216">Performs functions related to high availability and consistency of services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-216">Performs functions related to high availability and consistency of services.</span></span>
   - <span data-ttu-id="f5284-217">Orchestrates application and cluster upgrades.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-217">Orchestrates application and cluster upgrades.</span></span>
   - <span data-ttu-id="f5284-218">Interacts with other system components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-218">Interacts with other system components.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-219">**Repair Manager service**: This is an optional system service that allows repair actions to be performed on a cluster in a way that is safe, automatable, and transparent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-219">**Repair Manager service**: This is an optional system service that allows repair actions to be performed on a cluster in a way that is safe, automatable, and transparent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-220">Repair manager is used in:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-220">Repair manager is used in:</span></span>
   - <span data-ttu-id="f5284-221">Performing Azure maintenance repairs on [Silver and Gold durability](service-fabric-cluster-capacity.md#the-durability-characteristics-of-the-cluster) Azure Service Fabric clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-221">Performing Azure maintenance repairs on [Silver and Gold durability](service-fabric-cluster-capacity.md#the-durability-characteristics-of-the-cluster) Azure Service Fabric clusters.</span></span>
   - <span data-ttu-id="f5284-222">Carrying out repair actions for [Patch Orchestration Application](service-fabric-patch-orchestration-application.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-222">Carrying out repair actions for [Patch Orchestration Application](service-fabric-patch-orchestration-application.md)</span></span>

## <a name="built-in-programming-models"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5284-223">Built-in programming models</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-223">Built-in programming models</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5284-224">There are .NET Framework and Java programming models available for you to build Service Fabric services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-224">There are .NET Framework and Java programming models available for you to build Service Fabric services:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-225">**Reliable Services**: An API to build stateless and stateful services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-225">**Reliable Services**: An API to build stateless and stateful services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-226">Stateful services store their state in Reliable Collections, such as a dictionary or a queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-226">Stateful services store their state in Reliable Collections, such as a dictionary or a queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-227">You can also plug in various communication stacks, such as Web API and Windows Communication Foundation (WCF).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-227">You can also plug in various communication stacks, such as Web API and Windows Communication Foundation (WCF).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-228">**Reliable Actors**: An API to build stateless and stateful objects through the virtual Actor programming model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-228">**Reliable Actors**: An API to build stateless and stateful objects through the virtual Actor programming model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-229">This model is useful when you have lots of independent units of computation or state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-229">This model is useful when you have lots of independent units of computation or state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-230">This model uses a turn-based threading model, so it's best to avoid code that calls out to other actors or services because an individual actor can't process other incoming requests until all its outbound requests are finished.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-230">This model uses a turn-based threading model, so it's best to avoid code that calls out to other actors or services because an individual actor can't process other incoming requests until all its outbound requests are finished.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-231">You can also run your existing applications on Service Fabric:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-231">You can also run your existing applications on Service Fabric:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-232">**Containers**:  Service Fabric supports the deployment of Docker containers on Linux and Windows Server containers on Windows Server 2016, along with support for Hyper-V isolation mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-232">**Containers**:  Service Fabric supports the deployment of Docker containers on Linux and Windows Server containers on Windows Server 2016, along with support for Hyper-V isolation mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-233">In the Service Fabric [application model](service-fabric-application-model.md), a container represents an application host in which multiple service replicas are placed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-233">In the Service Fabric [application model](service-fabric-application-model.md), a container represents an application host in which multiple service replicas are placed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-234">Service Fabric can run any containers, and the scenario is similar to the guest executable scenario, where you package an existing application inside a container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-234">Service Fabric can run any containers, and the scenario is similar to the guest executable scenario, where you package an existing application inside a container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-235">In addition, you can [run Service Fabric services inside containers](service-fabric-services-inside-containers.md) as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-235">In addition, you can [run Service Fabric services inside containers](service-fabric-services-inside-containers.md) as well.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-236">**Guest executables**: You can run any type of code, such as Node.js, Java, or C++ in Azure Service Fabric as a service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-236">**Guest executables**: You can run any type of code, such as Node.js, Java, or C++ in Azure Service Fabric as a service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-237">Service Fabric refers to these types of services as guest executables, which are treated as stateless services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-237">Service Fabric refers to these types of services as guest executables, which are treated as stateless services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5284-238">The advantages to running a guest executable in a Service Fabric cluster include high availability, health monitoring, application lifecycle management, high density, and discoverability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-238">The advantages to running a guest executable in a Service Fabric cluster include high availability, health monitoring, application lifecycle management, high density, and discoverability.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5284-239">Read the [Choose a programming model for your service](service-fabric-choose-framework.md) article for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-239">Read the [Choose a programming model for your service](service-fabric-choose-framework.md) article for more information.</span></span>

<!--Every topic should have next steps and links to the next logical set of content to keep the customer engaged-->
## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5284-240">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-240">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5284-241">To learn more about Service Fabric:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-241">To learn more about Service Fabric:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f5284-242">Overview of Service Fabric</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-242">Overview of Service Fabric</span></span>](service-fabric-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="f5284-243">Why a microservices approach to building applications?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-243">Why a microservices approach to building applications?</span></span>](service-fabric-overview-microservices.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="f5284-244">Application scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5284-244">Application scenarios</span></span>](service-fabric-application-scenarios.md)


