---
title: Overview of the lifecycle of Azure Service Fabric Reliable Services | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about the different lifecycle events in Service Fabric reliable services
services: Service-Fabric
documentationcenter: java
author: PavanKunapareddyMSFT
manager: timlt
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: Service-Fabric
ms.devlang: java
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 03/09/2017
ms.author: pakunapa;
ms.openlocfilehash: ddec69e57e84f33c37831a0da2c21955d78fff98
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551115"
---
# <a name="reliable-services-lifecycle-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-103">Reliable services lifecycle overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-103">Reliable services lifecycle overview</span></span>
> [!div class="op_single_selector"]
> * [C# on Windows](service-fabric-reliable-services-lifecycle.md)
> * [Java on Linux](service-fabric-reliable-services-lifecycle-java.md)
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-106">When thinking about the lifecycles of Reliable Services, the basics of the lifecycle are the most important.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-106">When thinking about the lifecycles of Reliable Services, the basics of the lifecycle are the most important.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-107">In general:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-107">In general:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-108">During Startup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-108">During Startup</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-109">Services are constructed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-109">Services are constructed</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-110">They have an opportunity to construct and return zero or more listeners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-110">They have an opportunity to construct and return zero or more listeners</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-111">Any returned listeners are opened, allowing communication with the service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-111">Any returned listeners are opened, allowing communication with the service</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-112">The Service's runAsync method is called, allowing the service to do long running or background work</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-112">The Service's runAsync method is called, allowing the service to do long running or background work</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-113">During shutdown</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-113">During shutdown</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-114">The cancellation token passed to runAsync is canceled, and the listeners are closed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-114">The cancellation token passed to runAsync is canceled, and the listeners are closed</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-115">Once that is complete, the service object itself is destructed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-115">Once that is complete, the service object itself is destructed</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-116">There are details around the exact ordering of these events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-116">There are details around the exact ordering of these events.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-117">In particular, the order of events may change slightly depending on whether the Reliable Service is Stateless or Stateful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-117">In particular, the order of events may change slightly depending on whether the Reliable Service is Stateless or Stateful.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-118">In addition, for stateful services, we have to deal with the Primary swap scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-118">In addition, for stateful services, we have to deal with the Primary swap scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-119">During this sequence, the role of Primary is transferred to another replica (or comes back) without the service shutting down.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-119">During this sequence, the role of Primary is transferred to another replica (or comes back) without the service shutting down.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-120">Finally, we have to think about error or failure conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-120">Finally, we have to think about error or failure conditions.</span></span>

## <a name="stateless-service-startup"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-121">Stateless service startup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-121">Stateless service startup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-122">The lifecycle of a stateless service is fairly straightforward.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-122">The lifecycle of a stateless service is fairly straightforward.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-123">Here's the order of events:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-123">Here's the order of events:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-124">The Service is constructed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-124">The Service is constructed</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-125">Then, in parallel two things happen:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-125">Then, in parallel two things happen:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-126">`StatelessService.createServiceInstanceListeners()` is invoked and any returned listeners are Opened (`CommunicationListener.openAsync()` is called on each listener)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-126">`StatelessService.createServiceInstanceListeners()` is invoked and any returned listeners are Opened (`CommunicationListener.openAsync()` is called on each listener)</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-127">The service's runAsync method (`StatelessService.runAsync()`) is called</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-127">The service's runAsync method (`StatelessService.runAsync()`) is called</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-128">If present, the service's own onOpenAsync method is called (Specifically, `StatelessService.onOpenAsync()` is called.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-128">If present, the service's own onOpenAsync method is called (Specifically, `StatelessService.onOpenAsync()` is called.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-129">This is an uncommon override but it is available).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-129">This is an uncommon override but it is available).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-130">It is important to note that there is no ordering between the calls to create and open the listeners and runAsync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-130">It is important to note that there is no ordering between the calls to create and open the listeners and runAsync.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-131">The listeners may open before runAsync is started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-131">The listeners may open before runAsync is started.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-132">Similarly, runAsync may end up invoked before the communication listeners are open or have even been constructed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-132">Similarly, runAsync may end up invoked before the communication listeners are open or have even been constructed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-133">If any synchronization is required, it is left as an exercise to the implementer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-133">If any synchronization is required, it is left as an exercise to the implementer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-134">Common solutions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-134">Common solutions:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-135">Sometimes listeners can't function until some other information is created or work done.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-135">Sometimes listeners can't function until some other information is created or work done.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-136">For stateless services that work can usually be done in the service's constructor, during the `createServiceInstanceListeners()` call, or as a part of the construction of the listener itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-136">For stateless services that work can usually be done in the service's constructor, during the `createServiceInstanceListeners()` call, or as a part of the construction of the listener itself.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-137">Sometimes the code in runAsync does not want to start until the listeners are open.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-137">Sometimes the code in runAsync does not want to start until the listeners are open.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-138">In this case additional coordination is necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-138">In this case additional coordination is necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-139">One common solution is some flag within the listeners indicating when they have completed, which is checked in runAsync before continuing to actual work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-139">One common solution is some flag within the listeners indicating when they have completed, which is checked in runAsync before continuing to actual work.</span></span>

## <a name="stateless-service-shutdown"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-140">Stateless service shutdown</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-140">Stateless service shutdown</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-141">When shutting down a stateless service, the same pattern is followed, just in reverse:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-141">When shutting down a stateless service, the same pattern is followed, just in reverse:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-142">In parallel</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-142">In parallel</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-143">Any open listeners are Closed (`CommunicationListener.closeAsync()` is called on each listener)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-143">Any open listeners are Closed (`CommunicationListener.closeAsync()` is called on each listener)</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-144">The cancellation token passed to `runAsync()` is canceled (checking the cancellation token's `isCancelled` property returns true, and if called the token's `throwIfCancellationRequested` method returns an `CancellationException`)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-144">The cancellation token passed to `runAsync()` is canceled (checking the cancellation token's `isCancelled` property returns true, and if called the token's `throwIfCancellationRequested` method returns an `CancellationException`)</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-145">Once `closeAsync()` completes on each listener and `runAsync()` also completes, the service's `StatelessService.onCloseAsync()` method is called, if present (again this is an uncommon override).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-145">Once `closeAsync()` completes on each listener and `runAsync()` also completes, the service's `StatelessService.onCloseAsync()` method is called, if present (again this is an uncommon override).</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-146">After `StatelessService.onCloseAsync()` completes, the service object is destructed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-146">After `StatelessService.onCloseAsync()` completes, the service object is destructed</span></span>

## <a name="notes-on-service-lifecycle"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-147">Notes on service lifecycle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-147">Notes on service lifecycle</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-148">Both the `runAsync()` method and the `createServiceInstanceListeners` calls are optional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-148">Both the `runAsync()` method and the `createServiceInstanceListeners` calls are optional.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-149">A service may have one of them, both, or neither.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-149">A service may have one of them, both, or neither.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-150">For example, if the service does all its work in response to user calls, there is no need for it to implement `runAsync()`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-150">For example, if the service does all its work in response to user calls, there is no need for it to implement `runAsync()`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-151">Only the communication listeners and their associated code are necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-151">Only the communication listeners and their associated code are necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-152">Similarly, creating and returning communication listeners is optional, as the service may have only background work to do, and so only needs to implement `runAsync()`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-152">Similarly, creating and returning communication listeners is optional, as the service may have only background work to do, and so only needs to implement `runAsync()`</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-153">It is valid for a service to complete `runAsync()` successfully and return from it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-153">It is valid for a service to complete `runAsync()` successfully and return from it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-154">This is not considered a failure condition and would represent the background work of the service completing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-154">This is not considered a failure condition and would represent the background work of the service completing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-155">For stateful reliable services `runAsync()` would be called again if the service were demoted from primary and then promoted back to primary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-155">For stateful reliable services `runAsync()` would be called again if the service were demoted from primary and then promoted back to primary.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-156">If a service exits from `runAsync()` by throwing some unexpected exception, this is a failure and the service object is shut down and a health error reported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-156">If a service exits from `runAsync()` by throwing some unexpected exception, this is a failure and the service object is shut down and a health error reported.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-157">While there is no time limit on returning from these methods, you immediately lose the ability to write and therefore cannot complete any real work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-157">While there is no time limit on returning from these methods, you immediately lose the ability to write and therefore cannot complete any real work.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-158">It is recommended that you return as quickly as possible upon receiving the cancellation request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-158">It is recommended that you return as quickly as possible upon receiving the cancellation request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-159">If your service does not respond to these API calls in a reasonable amount of time Service Fabric may forcibly terminate your service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-159">If your service does not respond to these API calls in a reasonable amount of time Service Fabric may forcibly terminate your service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-160">Usually this only happens during application upgrades or when a service is being deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-160">Usually this only happens during application upgrades or when a service is being deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-161">This timeout is 15 minutes by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-161">This timeout is 15 minutes by default.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-162">Failures in the `onCloseAsync()` path result in `onAbort()` being called which is a last-chance best-effort opportunity for the service to clean up and release any resources that they have claimed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-162">Failures in the `onCloseAsync()` path result in `onAbort()` being called which is a last-chance best-effort opportunity for the service to clean up and release any resources that they have claimed.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> Stateful reliable services are not supported in java yet.
>
>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-164">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-164">Next steps</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-165">Introduction to Reliable Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-165">Introduction to Reliable Services</span></span>](service-fabric-reliable-services-introduction.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-166">Reliable Services quick start</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-166">Reliable Services quick start</span></span>](service-fabric-reliable-services-quick-start.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc8f-167">Reliable Services advanced usage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc8f-167">Reliable Services advanced usage</span></span>](service-fabric-reliable-services-advanced-usage.md)
