---
title: Create Service Fabric clusters on Windows Server and Linux | Microsoft Docs
description: Service Fabric clusters run on Windows Server and Linux, which means you'll be able to deploy and host Service Fabric applications anywhere you can run Windows Server or Linux.
services: service-fabric
documentationcenter: .net
author: dkkapur
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 19ca51e8-69b9-4952-b4b5-4bf04cded217
ms.service: service-fabric
ms.devlang: dotNet
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 02/28/2018
ms.author: dekapur
ms.openlocfilehash: 0ab566fa3dc0c1ce3eb1a70920f2112c9053c62d
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44773012"
---
# <a name="create-service-fabric-clusters-on-windows-server-or-linux"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-103">Create Service Fabric clusters on Windows Server or Linux</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-103">Create Service Fabric clusters on Windows Server or Linux</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c526-104">A Service Fabric cluster is a network-connected set of virtual or physical machines into which your microservices are deployed and managed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-104">A Service Fabric cluster is a network-connected set of virtual or physical machines into which your microservices are deployed and managed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-105">A machine or VM that is part of a cluster is called a cluster node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-105">A machine or VM that is part of a cluster is called a cluster node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-106">Clusters can scale to thousands of nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-106">Clusters can scale to thousands of nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-107">If you add new nodes to the cluster, Service Fabric rebalances the service partition replicas and instances across the increased number of nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-107">If you add new nodes to the cluster, Service Fabric rebalances the service partition replicas and instances across the increased number of nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-108">Overall application performance improves and contention for access to memory decreases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-108">Overall application performance improves and contention for access to memory decreases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-109">If the nodes in the cluster are not being used efficiently, you can decrease the number of nodes in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-109">If the nodes in the cluster are not being used efficiently, you can decrease the number of nodes in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-110">Service Fabric again rebalances the partition replicas and instances across the decreased number of nodes to make better use of the hardware on each node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-110">Service Fabric again rebalances the partition replicas and instances across the decreased number of nodes to make better use of the hardware on each node.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c526-111">Service Fabric allows for the creation of Service Fabric clusters on any VMs or computers running Windows Server or Linux.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-111">Service Fabric allows for the creation of Service Fabric clusters on any VMs or computers running Windows Server or Linux.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-112">This means you are able to deploy and run Service Fabric applications in any environment where you have a set of Windows Server or Linux computers that are interconnected, be it on-premises, Microsoft Azure or with any cloud provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-112">This means you are able to deploy and run Service Fabric applications in any environment where you have a set of Windows Server or Linux computers that are interconnected, be it on-premises, Microsoft Azure or with any cloud provider.</span></span>

## <a name="create-service-fabric-clusters-on-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-113">Create Service Fabric clusters on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-113">Create Service Fabric clusters on Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c526-114">Creating a cluster on Azure is done either via a Resource Model template or the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-114">Creating a cluster on Azure is done either via a Resource Model template or the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-115">Read [Create a Service Fabric cluster by using a Resource Manager template](service-fabric-cluster-creation-via-arm.md) or [Create a Service Fabric cluster from the Azure portal](service-fabric-cluster-creation-via-portal.md) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-115">Read [Create a Service Fabric cluster by using a Resource Manager template](service-fabric-cluster-creation-via-arm.md) or [Create a Service Fabric cluster from the Azure portal](service-fabric-cluster-creation-via-portal.md) for more information.</span></span>

## <a name="supported-operating-systems-for-clusters-on-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-116">Supported operating systems for clusters on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-116">Supported operating systems for clusters on Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c526-117">You are able to create clusters on virtual machines running these operating systems:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-117">You are able to create clusters on virtual machines running these operating systems:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-118">Windows Server 2012 R2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-118">Windows Server 2012 R2</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-119">Windows Server 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-119">Windows Server 2016</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-120">Windows Server 1709</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-120">Windows Server 1709</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-121">Linux Ubuntu 16.04</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-121">Linux Ubuntu 16.04</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-122">If you decide to deploy Service Fabric on Windows Server 1709, please note that (1) it is not a long term servicing branch, so you may have to move versions in the future, and (2) if you deploy containers, containers built on Windows Server 2016 do not work on Windows Server 1709, and vice versa (you will have to rebuild them to deploy them).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-122">If you decide to deploy Service Fabric on Windows Server 1709, please note that (1) it is not a long term servicing branch, so you may have to move versions in the future, and (2) if you deploy containers, containers built on Windows Server 2016 do not work on Windows Server 1709, and vice versa (you will have to rebuild them to deploy them).</span></span>
>

## <a name="create-service-fabric-standalone-clusters-on-premises-or-with-any-cloud-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-123">Create Service Fabric standalone clusters on-premises or with any cloud provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-123">Create Service Fabric standalone clusters on-premises or with any cloud provider</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c526-124">Service Fabric provides an install package for you to create standalone Service Fabric clusters on-premises or on any cloud provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-124">Service Fabric provides an install package for you to create standalone Service Fabric clusters on-premises or on any cloud provider.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c526-125">For more information on setting up standalone Service Fabric clusters on Windows Server, read [Service Fabric cluster creation for Windows Server](service-fabric-cluster-creation-for-windows-server.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-125">For more information on setting up standalone Service Fabric clusters on Windows Server, read [Service Fabric cluster creation for Windows Server](service-fabric-cluster-creation-for-windows-server.md)</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="8c526-126">Standalone clusters currently aren't supported for Linux.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-126">Standalone clusters currently aren't supported for Linux.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-127">Linux is supported on one-box for development and Azure Linux multi-machine clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-127">Linux is supported on one-box for development and Azure Linux multi-machine clusters.</span></span>
  >

### <a name="any-cloud-deployments-vs-on-premises-deployments"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-128">Any cloud deployments vs. on-premises deployments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-128">Any cloud deployments vs. on-premises deployments</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c526-129">The process for creating a Service Fabric cluster on-premises is similar to the process of creating a cluster on any cloud of your choice with a set of VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-129">The process for creating a Service Fabric cluster on-premises is similar to the process of creating a cluster on any cloud of your choice with a set of VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-130">The initial steps to provision the VMs are governed by the cloud provider or on-premises environment that you are using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-130">The initial steps to provision the VMs are governed by the cloud provider or on-premises environment that you are using.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-131">Once you have a set of VMs with network connectivity enabled between them, then the steps to set up the Service Fabric package, edit the cluster settings, and run the cluster creation and management scripts are identical.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-131">Once you have a set of VMs with network connectivity enabled between them, then the steps to set up the Service Fabric package, edit the cluster settings, and run the cluster creation and management scripts are identical.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-132">This ensures that your knowledge and experience of operating and managing Service Fabric clusters is transferable when you choose to target new hosting environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-132">This ensures that your knowledge and experience of operating and managing Service Fabric clusters is transferable when you choose to target new hosting environments.</span></span>

### <a name="benefits-of-creating-standalone-service-fabric-clusters"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-133">Benefits of creating standalone Service Fabric clusters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-133">Benefits of creating standalone Service Fabric clusters</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-134">You are free to choose any cloud provider to host your cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-134">You are free to choose any cloud provider to host your cluster.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-135">Service Fabric applications, once written, can be run in multiple hosting environments with minimal to no changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-135">Service Fabric applications, once written, can be run in multiple hosting environments with minimal to no changes.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-136">Knowledge of building Service Fabric applications carries over from one hosting environment to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-136">Knowledge of building Service Fabric applications carries over from one hosting environment to another.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-137">Operational experience of running and managing Service Fabric clusters carries over from one environment to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-137">Operational experience of running and managing Service Fabric clusters carries over from one environment to another.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-138">Broad customer reach is unbounded by hosting environment constraints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-138">Broad customer reach is unbounded by hosting environment constraints.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-139">An extra layer of reliability and protection against widespread outages exists because you can move the services over to another deployment environment if a data center or cloud provider has a blackout.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-139">An extra layer of reliability and protection against widespread outages exists because you can move the services over to another deployment environment if a data center or cloud provider has a blackout.</span></span>

## <a name="supported-operating-systems-for-standalone-clusters"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-140">Supported operating systems for standalone clusters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-140">Supported operating systems for standalone clusters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c526-141">You are able to create clusters on VMs or computers running these operating systems (Linux is not yet supported):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-141">You are able to create clusters on VMs or computers running these operating systems (Linux is not yet supported):</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-142">Windows Server 2012 R2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-142">Windows Server 2012 R2</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-143">Windows Server 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-143">Windows Server 2016</span></span> 

## <a name="advantages-of-service-fabric-clusters-on-azure-over-standalone-service-fabric-clusters-created-on-premises"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-144">Advantages of Service Fabric clusters on Azure over standalone Service Fabric clusters created on-premises</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-144">Advantages of Service Fabric clusters on Azure over standalone Service Fabric clusters created on-premises</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c526-145">Running Service Fabric clusters on Azure provides advantages over the on-premises option, so if you don't have specific needs for where you run your clusters, then we suggest that you run them on Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-145">Running Service Fabric clusters on Azure provides advantages over the on-premises option, so if you don't have specific needs for where you run your clusters, then we suggest that you run them on Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-146">On Azure, we provide integration with other Azure features and services, which makes operations and management of the cluster easier and more reliable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-146">On Azure, we provide integration with other Azure features and services, which makes operations and management of the cluster easier and more reliable.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-147">**Azure portal:** Azure portal makes it easy to create and manage clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-147">**Azure portal:** Azure portal makes it easy to create and manage clusters.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-148">**Azure Resource Manager:** Use of Azure Resource Manager allows easy management of all resources used by the cluster as a unit and simplifies cost tracking and billing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-148">**Azure Resource Manager:** Use of Azure Resource Manager allows easy management of all resources used by the cluster as a unit and simplifies cost tracking and billing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-149">**Service Fabric Cluster as an Azure Resource** A Service Fabric cluster is an Azure resource, so you can model it like you do other resources in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-149">**Service Fabric Cluster as an Azure Resource** A Service Fabric cluster is an Azure resource, so you can model it like you do other resources in Azure.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-150">**Integration with Azure Infrastructure** Service Fabric coordinates with the underlying Azure infrastructure for OS, network, and other upgrades to improve availability and reliability of your applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-150">**Integration with Azure Infrastructure** Service Fabric coordinates with the underlying Azure infrastructure for OS, network, and other upgrades to improve availability and reliability of your applications.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-151">**Diagnostics:** On Azure, we provide integration with Azure diagnostics and Log Analytics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-151">**Diagnostics:** On Azure, we provide integration with Azure diagnostics and Log Analytics.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-152">**Auto-scaling:** For clusters on Azure, we provide built-in auto-scaling functionality due to Virtual Machine scale-sets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-152">**Auto-scaling:** For clusters on Azure, we provide built-in auto-scaling functionality due to Virtual Machine scale-sets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c526-153">In on-premises and other cloud environments, you have to build your own auto-scaling feature or scale manually using the APIs that Service Fabric exposes for scaling clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-153">In on-premises and other cloud environments, you have to build your own auto-scaling feature or scale manually using the APIs that Service Fabric exposes for scaling clusters.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c526-154">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-154">Next steps</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-155">Create a cluster on VMs or computers running Windows Server: [Service Fabric cluster creation for Windows Server](service-fabric-cluster-creation-for-windows-server.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-155">Create a cluster on VMs or computers running Windows Server: [Service Fabric cluster creation for Windows Server](service-fabric-cluster-creation-for-windows-server.md)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-156">Create a cluster on VMs or computers running Linux: [Create a Linux cluster](service-fabric-cluster-creation-via-portal.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-156">Create a cluster on VMs or computers running Linux: [Create a Linux cluster](service-fabric-cluster-creation-via-portal.md)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8c526-157">Learn about [Service Fabric support options](service-fabric-support.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c526-157">Learn about [Service Fabric support options](service-fabric-support.md)</span></span>

