---
title: Add custom Service Fabric health reports | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes how to send custom health reports to Azure Service Fabric health entities. Gives recommendations for designing and implementing quality health reports.
services: service-fabric
documentationcenter: .net
author: oanapl
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 0a00a7d2-510e-47d0-8aa8-24c851ea847f
ms.service: service-fabric
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 04/12/2017
ms.author: oanapl
ms.openlocfilehash: 0e8152e2c26cdb8f1dd96eca781f8e22ca15d9b2
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549946"
---
# <a name="add-custom-service-fabric-health-reports"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-104">Add custom Service Fabric health reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-104">Add custom Service Fabric health reports</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-105">Azure Service Fabric introduces a [health model](service-fabric-health-introduction.md) designed to flag unhealthy cluster and application conditions on specific entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-105">Azure Service Fabric introduces a [health model](service-fabric-health-introduction.md) designed to flag unhealthy cluster and application conditions on specific entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-106">The health model uses **health reporters** (system components and watchdogs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-106">The health model uses **health reporters** (system components and watchdogs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-107">The goal is easy and fast diagnosis and repair.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-107">The goal is easy and fast diagnosis and repair.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-108">Service writers need to think upfront about health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-108">Service writers need to think upfront about health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-109">Any condition that can impact health should be reported on, especially if it can help flag problems close to the root.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-109">Any condition that can impact health should be reported on, especially if it can help flag problems close to the root.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-110">The health information can save a lot of time and effort on debugging and investigation once the service is up and running at scale in the cloud (private or Azure).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-110">The health information can save a lot of time and effort on debugging and investigation once the service is up and running at scale in the cloud (private or Azure).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-111">The Service Fabric reporters monitor identified conditions of interest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-111">The Service Fabric reporters monitor identified conditions of interest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-112">They report on those conditions based on their local view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-112">They report on those conditions based on their local view.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-113">The [health store](service-fabric-health-introduction.md#health-store) aggregates health data sent by all reporters to determine whether entities are globally healthy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-113">The [health store](service-fabric-health-introduction.md#health-store) aggregates health data sent by all reporters to determine whether entities are globally healthy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-114">The model is intended to be rich, flexible, and easy to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-114">The model is intended to be rich, flexible, and easy to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-115">The quality of the health reports determines the accuracy of the health view of the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-115">The quality of the health reports determines the accuracy of the health view of the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-116">False positives that wrongly show unhealthy issues can negatively impact upgrades or other services that use health data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-116">False positives that wrongly show unhealthy issues can negatively impact upgrades or other services that use health data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-117">Examples of such services are repair services and alerting mechanisms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-117">Examples of such services are repair services and alerting mechanisms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-118">Therefore, some thought is needed to provide reports that capture conditions of interest in the best possible way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-118">Therefore, some thought is needed to provide reports that capture conditions of interest in the best possible way.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-119">To design and implement health reporting, watchdogs, and system components must:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-119">To design and implement health reporting, watchdogs, and system components must:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-120">Define the condition they are interested in, the way it is monitored, and the impact on the cluster or application functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-120">Define the condition they are interested in, the way it is monitored, and the impact on the cluster or application functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-121">Based on this information, decide on the health report property and health state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-121">Based on this information, decide on the health report property and health state.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-122">Determine the [entity](service-fabric-health-introduction.md#health-entities-and-hierarchy) that the report applies to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-122">Determine the [entity](service-fabric-health-introduction.md#health-entities-and-hierarchy) that the report applies to.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-123">Determine where the reporting is done, from within the service or from an internal or external watchdog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-123">Determine where the reporting is done, from within the service or from an internal or external watchdog.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-124">Define a source used to identify the reporter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-124">Define a source used to identify the reporter.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-125">Choose a reporting strategy, either periodically or on transitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-125">Choose a reporting strategy, either periodically or on transitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-126">The recommended way is periodically, as it requires simpler code and is less prone to errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-126">The recommended way is periodically, as it requires simpler code and is less prone to errors.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-127">Determine how long the report for unhealthy conditions should stay in the health store and how it should be cleared.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-127">Determine how long the report for unhealthy conditions should stay in the health store and how it should be cleared.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-128">Using this information, decide the report's time to live and remove-on-expiration behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-128">Using this information, decide the report's time to live and remove-on-expiration behavior.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-129">As mentioned, reporting can be done from:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-129">As mentioned, reporting can be done from:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-130">The monitored Service Fabric service replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-130">The monitored Service Fabric service replica.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-131">Internal watchdogs deployed as a Service Fabric service (for example, a Service Fabric stateless service that monitors conditions and issues reports).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-131">Internal watchdogs deployed as a Service Fabric service (for example, a Service Fabric stateless service that monitors conditions and issues reports).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-132">The watchdogs can be deployed an all nodes or can be affinitized to the monitored service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-132">The watchdogs can be deployed an all nodes or can be affinitized to the monitored service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-133">Internal watchdogs that run on the Service Fabric nodes but are *not* implemented as Service Fabric services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-133">Internal watchdogs that run on the Service Fabric nodes but are *not* implemented as Service Fabric services.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-134">External watchdogs that probe the resource from *outside* the Service Fabric cluster (for example, monitoring service like Gomez).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-134">External watchdogs that probe the resource from *outside* the Service Fabric cluster (for example, monitoring service like Gomez).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-135">Out of the box, the cluster is populated with health reports sent by the system components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-135">Out of the box, the cluster is populated with health reports sent by the system components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-136">Read more at [Using system health reports for troubleshooting](service-fabric-understand-and-troubleshoot-with-system-health-reports.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-136">Read more at [Using system health reports for troubleshooting](service-fabric-understand-and-troubleshoot-with-system-health-reports.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-137">The user reports must be sent on [health entities](service-fabric-health-introduction.md#health-entities-and-hierarchy) that have already been created by the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-137">The user reports must be sent on [health entities](service-fabric-health-introduction.md#health-entities-and-hierarchy) that have already been created by the system.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-138">Once the health reporting design is clear, health reports can be sent easily.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-138">Once the health reporting design is clear, health reports can be sent easily.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-139">You can use [FabricClient](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.fabricclient) to report health if the cluster is not [secure](service-fabric-cluster-security.md) or if the fabric client has admin privileges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-139">You can use [FabricClient](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.fabricclient) to report health if the cluster is not [secure](service-fabric-cluster-security.md) or if the fabric client has admin privileges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-140">This can be done through the API by using [FabricClient.HealthManager.ReportHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.fabricclient.healthclient.reporthealth), through PowerShell, or through REST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-140">This can be done through the API by using [FabricClient.HealthManager.ReportHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.fabricclient.healthclient.reporthealth), through PowerShell, or through REST.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-141">Configuration knobs batch reports for improved performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-141">Configuration knobs batch reports for improved performance.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-142">Report health is synchronous, and it represents only the validation work on the client side.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-142">Report health is synchronous, and it represents only the validation work on the client side.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-143">The fact that the report is accepted by the health client or the `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext` objects doesn't mean that it is applied in the store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-143">The fact that the report is accepted by the health client or the `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext` objects doesn't mean that it is applied in the store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-144">It is sent asynchronously and possibly batched with other reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-144">It is sent asynchronously and possibly batched with other reports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-145">The processing on the server may still fail: the sequence number could be stale, the entity on which the report must be applied has been deleted, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-145">The processing on the server may still fail: the sequence number could be stale, the entity on which the report must be applied has been deleted, etc.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="health-client"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-146">Health client</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-146">Health client</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-147">The health reports are sent to the health store through a health client, which lives inside the fabric client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-147">The health reports are sent to the health store through a health client, which lives inside the fabric client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-148">The health client can be configured with the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-148">The health client can be configured with the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-149">**HealthReportSendInterval**: The delay between the time the report is added to the client and the time it is sent to the health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-149">**HealthReportSendInterval**: The delay between the time the report is added to the client and the time it is sent to the health store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-150">Used to batch reports into a single message, rather than sending one message for each report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-150">Used to batch reports into a single message, rather than sending one message for each report.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-151">The batching improves performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-151">The batching improves performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-152">Default: 30 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-152">Default: 30 seconds.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-153">**HealthReportRetrySendInterval**: The interval at which the health client resends accumulated health reports to the health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-153">**HealthReportRetrySendInterval**: The interval at which the health client resends accumulated health reports to the health store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-154">Default: 30 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-154">Default: 30 seconds.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-155">**HealthOperationTimeout**: The timeout period for a report message sent to the health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-155">**HealthOperationTimeout**: The timeout period for a report message sent to the health store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-156">If a message times out, the health client retries it until the health store confirms that the report has been processed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-156">If a message times out, the health client retries it until the health store confirms that the report has been processed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-157">Default: two minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-157">Default: two minutes.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-158">When the reports are batched, the fabric client must be kept alive for at least the HealthReportSendInterval to ensure that they are sent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-158">When the reports are batched, the fabric client must be kept alive for at least the HealthReportSendInterval to ensure that they are sent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-159">If the message is lost or the health store cannot apply them due to transient errors, the fabric client must be kept alive longer to give it a chance to retry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-159">If the message is lost or the health store cannot apply them due to transient errors, the fabric client must be kept alive longer to give it a chance to retry.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-160">The buffering on the client takes the uniqueness of the reports into consideration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-160">The buffering on the client takes the uniqueness of the reports into consideration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-161">For example, if a particular bad reporter is reporting 100 reports per second on the same property of the same entity, the reports are replaced with the last version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-161">For example, if a particular bad reporter is reporting 100 reports per second on the same property of the same entity, the reports are replaced with the last version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-162">Only one such report exists in the client queue at most.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-162">Only one such report exists in the client queue at most.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-163">If batching is configured, the number of reports sent to the health store is just one per send interval.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-163">If batching is configured, the number of reports sent to the health store is just one per send interval.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-164">This report is the last added report, which reflects the most current state of the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-164">This report is the last added report, which reflects the most current state of the entity.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-165">All configuration parameters can be specified when `FabricClient` is created by passing [FabricClientSettings](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.fabricclientsettings) with the desired values for health-related entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-165">All configuration parameters can be specified when `FabricClient` is created by passing [FabricClientSettings](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.fabricclientsettings) with the desired values for health-related entries.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-166">The following creates a fabric client and specifies that the reports should be sent when they are added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-166">The following creates a fabric client and specifies that the reports should be sent when they are added.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-167">On timeouts and errors that can be retried, retries happen every 40 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-167">On timeouts and errors that can be retried, retries happen every 40 seconds.</span></span>

```csharp
var clientSettings = new FabricClientSettings()
{
    HealthOperationTimeout = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(120),
    HealthReportSendInterval = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(0),
    HealthReportRetrySendInterval = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(40),
};
var fabricClient = new FabricClient(clientSettings);
```

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-168">Same parameters can be specified when a connection to a cluster is created through PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-168">Same parameters can be specified when a connection to a cluster is created through PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-169">The following starts a connection to a local cluster:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-169">The following starts a connection to a local cluster:</span></span>

```powershell
PS C:\> Connect-ServiceFabricCluster -HealthOperationTimeoutInSec 120 -HealthReportSendIntervalInSec 0 -HealthReportRetrySendIntervalInSec 40
True

ConnectionEndpoint   :
FabricClientSettings : {
                       ClientFriendlyName                   : PowerShell-1944858a-4c6d-465f-89c7-9021c12ac0bb
                       PartitionLocationCacheLimit          : 100000
                       PartitionLocationCacheBucketCount    : 1024
                       ServiceChangePollInterval            : 00:02:00
                       ConnectionInitializationTimeout      : 00:00:02
                       KeepAliveInterval                    : 00:00:20
                       HealthOperationTimeout               : 00:02:00
                       HealthReportSendInterval             : 00:00:00
                       HealthReportRetrySendInterval        : 00:00:40
                       NotificationGatewayConnectionTimeout : 00:00:00
                       NotificationCacheUpdateTimeout       : 00:00:00
                       }
GatewayInformation   : {
                       NodeAddress                          : localhost:19000
                       NodeId                               : 1880ec88a3187766a6da323399721f53
                       NodeInstanceId                       : 130729063464981219
                       NodeName                             : Node.1
                       }
```

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-170">To ensure that unauthorized services can't report health against the entities in the cluster, the server can be configured to accept requests only from secured clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-170">To ensure that unauthorized services can't report health against the entities in the cluster, the server can be configured to accept requests only from secured clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-171">The `FabricClient` used for reporting must have security enabled to be able to communicate with the cluster (for example, with Kerberos or certificate authentication).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-171">The `FabricClient` used for reporting must have security enabled to be able to communicate with the cluster (for example, with Kerberos or certificate authentication).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-172">Read more about [cluster security](service-fabric-cluster-security.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-172">Read more about [cluster security](service-fabric-cluster-security.md).</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="report-from-within-low-privilege-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-173">Report from within low privilege services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-173">Report from within low privilege services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-174">From within Service Fabric services that do not have admin access to the cluster, you can report health on entities from the current context through `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-174">From within Service Fabric services that do not have admin access to the cluster, you can report health on entities from the current context through `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext`.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-175">For stateless services, use [IStatelessServicePartition.ReportInstanceHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.istatelessservicepartition.reportinstancehealth) to report on the current service instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-175">For stateless services, use [IStatelessServicePartition.ReportInstanceHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.istatelessservicepartition.reportinstancehealth) to report on the current service instance.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-176">For stateful services, use [IStatefulServicePartition.ReportReplicaHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.istatefulservicepartition.reportreplicahealth) to report on current replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-176">For stateful services, use [IStatefulServicePartition.ReportReplicaHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.istatefulservicepartition.reportreplicahealth) to report on current replica.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-177">Use [IServicePartition.ReportPartitionHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.iservicepartition.reportpartitionhealth) to report on the current partition entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-177">Use [IServicePartition.ReportPartitionHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.iservicepartition.reportpartitionhealth) to report on the current partition entity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-178">Use [CodePackageActivationContext.ReportApplicationHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.codepackageactivationcontext.reportapplicationhealth) to report on current application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-178">Use [CodePackageActivationContext.ReportApplicationHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.codepackageactivationcontext.reportapplicationhealth) to report on current application.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-179">Use [CodePackageActivationContext.ReportDeployedApplicationHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.codepackageactivationcontext.reportdeployedapplicationhealth) to report on the current application deployed on the current node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-179">Use [CodePackageActivationContext.ReportDeployedApplicationHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.codepackageactivationcontext.reportdeployedapplicationhealth) to report on the current application deployed on the current node.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-180">Use [CodePackageActivationContext.ReportDeployedServicePackageHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.codepackageactivationcontext.reportdeployedservicepackagehealth) to report on a service package for the current application deployed on the current node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-180">Use [CodePackageActivationContext.ReportDeployedServicePackageHealth](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.codepackageactivationcontext.reportdeployedservicepackagehealth) to report on a service package for the current application deployed on the current node.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-181">Internally, the `Partition` and the `CodePackageActivationContext` hold a health client which is configured with default settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-181">Internally, the `Partition` and the `CodePackageActivationContext` hold a health client which is configured with default settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-182">The same considerations explained for [health client](service-fabric-report-health.md#health-client) apply - reports are batched and sent on a timer, so the objects should be kept alive to have a chance to send the report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-182">The same considerations explained for [health client](service-fabric-report-health.md#health-client) apply - reports are batched and sent on a timer, so the objects should be kept alive to have a chance to send the report.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="design-health-reporting"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-183">Design health reporting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-183">Design health reporting</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-184">The first step in generating high-quality reports is identifying the conditions that can impact the health of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-184">The first step in generating high-quality reports is identifying the conditions that can impact the health of the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-185">Any condition that can help flag problems in the service or cluster when it starts--or even better, before a problem happens--can potentially save billions of dollars.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-185">Any condition that can help flag problems in the service or cluster when it starts--or even better, before a problem happens--can potentially save billions of dollars.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-186">The benefits include less down time, fewer night hours spent investigating and repairing issues, and higher customer satisfaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-186">The benefits include less down time, fewer night hours spent investigating and repairing issues, and higher customer satisfaction.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-187">Once the conditions are identified, watchdog writers need to figure out the best way to monitor them for balance between overhead and usefulness.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-187">Once the conditions are identified, watchdog writers need to figure out the best way to monitor them for balance between overhead and usefulness.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-188">For example, consider a service that does complex calculations that use some temporary files on a share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-188">For example, consider a service that does complex calculations that use some temporary files on a share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-189">A watchdog could monitor the share to ensure that enough space is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-189">A watchdog could monitor the share to ensure that enough space is available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-190">It could listen for notifications of file or directory changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-190">It could listen for notifications of file or directory changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-191">It could report a warning if an upfront threshold is reached and report an error if the share is full.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-191">It could report a warning if an upfront threshold is reached and report an error if the share is full.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-192">On a warning, a repair system could start cleaning up older files on the share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-192">On a warning, a repair system could start cleaning up older files on the share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-193">On an error, a repair system could move the service replica to another node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-193">On an error, a repair system could move the service replica to another node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-194">Note how the condition states are described in terms of health: the state of the condition that can be considered healthy or unhealthy (warning or error).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-194">Note how the condition states are described in terms of health: the state of the condition that can be considered healthy or unhealthy (warning or error).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-195">Once the monitoring details are set, a watchdog writer needs to figure out how to implement the watchdog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-195">Once the monitoring details are set, a watchdog writer needs to figure out how to implement the watchdog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-196">If the conditions can be determined from within the service, the watchdog can be part of the monitored service itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-196">If the conditions can be determined from within the service, the watchdog can be part of the monitored service itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-197">For example, the service code can check the share usage, and then report by using a local fabric client every time it tries to write a file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-197">For example, the service code can check the share usage, and then report by using a local fabric client every time it tries to write a file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-198">The advantage of this approach is that reporting is simple.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-198">The advantage of this approach is that reporting is simple.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-199">Care must be taken to prevent watchdog bugs from impacting the service functionality, though.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-199">Care must be taken to prevent watchdog bugs from impacting the service functionality, though.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-200">Reporting from within the monitored service is not always an option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-200">Reporting from within the monitored service is not always an option.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-201">A watchdog within the service may not be able to detect the conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-201">A watchdog within the service may not be able to detect the conditions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-202">It may not have the logic or data to make the determination.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-202">It may not have the logic or data to make the determination.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-203">The overhead of monitoring the conditions may be high.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-203">The overhead of monitoring the conditions may be high.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-204">The conditions also may not be specific to a service, but instead affect interactions between services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-204">The conditions also may not be specific to a service, but instead affect interactions between services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-205">Another option is to have watchdogs in the cluster as separate processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-205">Another option is to have watchdogs in the cluster as separate processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-206">The watchdogs simply monitor the conditions and report, without affecting the main services in any way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-206">The watchdogs simply monitor the conditions and report, without affecting the main services in any way.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-207">For example, these watchdogs could be implemented as stateless services in the same application, deployed on all nodes or on the same nodes as the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-207">For example, these watchdogs could be implemented as stateless services in the same application, deployed on all nodes or on the same nodes as the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-208">Sometimes, a watchdog running in the cluster is not an option either.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-208">Sometimes, a watchdog running in the cluster is not an option either.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-209">If the monitored condition is the availability or functionality of the service as users see it, it's best to have the watchdogs in the same place as the user clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-209">If the monitored condition is the availability or functionality of the service as users see it, it's best to have the watchdogs in the same place as the user clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-210">There, they can test the operations in the same way users call them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-210">There, they can test the operations in the same way users call them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-211">For example, you can have a watchdog that lives outside the cluster and issues requests to the service, and then checks the latency and correctness of the result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-211">For example, you can have a watchdog that lives outside the cluster and issues requests to the service, and then checks the latency and correctness of the result.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-212">(For a calculator service, for example, does 2+2 return 4 in a reasonable amount of time?)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-212">(For a calculator service, for example, does 2+2 return 4 in a reasonable amount of time?)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-213">Once the watchdog details have been finalized, you should decide on a source ID that uniquely identifies it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-213">Once the watchdog details have been finalized, you should decide on a source ID that uniquely identifies it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-214">If multiple watchdogs of the same type are living in the cluster, either they must report on different entities, or, if they report on the same entity, they must ensure that the source ID or the property is different.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-214">If multiple watchdogs of the same type are living in the cluster, either they must report on different entities, or, if they report on the same entity, they must ensure that the source ID or the property is different.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-215">This way, their reports can coexist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-215">This way, their reports can coexist.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-216">The property of the health report should capture the monitored condition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-216">The property of the health report should capture the monitored condition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-217">(For the example above, the property could be **ShareSize**.) If multiple reports apply to the same condition, the property should contain some dynamic information that allows reports to coexist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-217">(For the example above, the property could be **ShareSize**.) If multiple reports apply to the same condition, the property should contain some dynamic information that allows reports to coexist.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-218">For example, if multiple shares need to be monitored, the property name can be **ShareSize-sharename**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-218">For example, if multiple shares need to be monitored, the property name can be **ShareSize-sharename**.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-219">The health store should *not* be used to keep status information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-219">The health store should *not* be used to keep status information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-220">Only health-related information should be reported as health, as this information impacts the health evaluation of an entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-220">Only health-related information should be reported as health, as this information impacts the health evaluation of an entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-221">The health store was not designed as a general-purpose store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-221">The health store was not designed as a general-purpose store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-222">It uses health evaluation logic to aggregate all data into the health state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-222">It uses health evaluation logic to aggregate all data into the health state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-223">Sending information unrelated to health (like reporting status with a health state of OK) will not impact the aggregated health state, but it can negatively affect the performance of the health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-223">Sending information unrelated to health (like reporting status with a health state of OK) will not impact the aggregated health state, but it can negatively affect the performance of the health store.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-224">The next decision point is which entity to report on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-224">The next decision point is which entity to report on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-225">Most of the time, this is obvious, based on the condition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-225">Most of the time, this is obvious, based on the condition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-226">You should choose the entity with best possible granularity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-226">You should choose the entity with best possible granularity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-227">If a condition impacts all replicas in a partition, report on the partition, not on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-227">If a condition impacts all replicas in a partition, report on the partition, not on the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-228">There are corner cases where more thought is needed, though.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-228">There are corner cases where more thought is needed, though.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-229">If the condition impacts an entity, such as a replica, but the desire is to have the condition flagged for more than the duration of replica life, then it should be reported on the partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-229">If the condition impacts an entity, such as a replica, but the desire is to have the condition flagged for more than the duration of replica life, then it should be reported on the partition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-230">Otherwise, when the replica is deleted, all reports associated with it will be cleaned up from the store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-230">Otherwise, when the replica is deleted, all reports associated with it will be cleaned up from the store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-231">This means that watchdog writers must also think about the lifetimes of the entity and the report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-231">This means that watchdog writers must also think about the lifetimes of the entity and the report.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-232">It must be clear when a report should be cleaned up from a store (for example, when an error reported on an entity no longer applies).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-232">It must be clear when a report should be cleaned up from a store (for example, when an error reported on an entity no longer applies).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-233">Let's look at an example that puts together the points I described.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-233">Let's look at an example that puts together the points I described.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-234">Consider a Service Fabric application composed of a master stateful persistent service and secondary stateless services deployed on all nodes (one secondary service type for each type of task).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-234">Consider a Service Fabric application composed of a master stateful persistent service and secondary stateless services deployed on all nodes (one secondary service type for each type of task).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-235">The master has a processing queue that contains commands to be executed by secondaries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-235">The master has a processing queue that contains commands to be executed by secondaries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-236">The secondaries execute the incoming requests and send back acknowledgement signals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-236">The secondaries execute the incoming requests and send back acknowledgement signals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-237">One condition that could be monitored is the length of the master processing queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-237">One condition that could be monitored is the length of the master processing queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-238">If the master queue length reaches a threshold, a warning is reported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-238">If the master queue length reaches a threshold, a warning is reported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-239">The warning indicates that the secondaries can't handle the load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-239">The warning indicates that the secondaries can't handle the load.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-240">If the queue reaches the maximum length and commands are dropped, an error is reported, as the service can't recover.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-240">If the queue reaches the maximum length and commands are dropped, an error is reported, as the service can't recover.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-241">The reports can be on the property **QueueStatus**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-241">The reports can be on the property **QueueStatus**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-242">The watchdog lives inside the service, and it's sent periodically on the master primary replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-242">The watchdog lives inside the service, and it's sent periodically on the master primary replica.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-243">The time to live is two minutes, and it's sent periodically every 30 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-243">The time to live is two minutes, and it's sent periodically every 30 seconds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-244">If the primary goes down, the report is cleaned up automatically from store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-244">If the primary goes down, the report is cleaned up automatically from store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-245">If the service replica is up, but it is deadlocked or having other issues, the report expires in the health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-245">If the service replica is up, but it is deadlocked or having other issues, the report expires in the health store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-246">In this case, the entity is evaluated at error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-246">In this case, the entity is evaluated at error.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-247">Another condition that can be monitored is task execution time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-247">Another condition that can be monitored is task execution time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-248">The master distributes tasks to the secondaries based on the task type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-248">The master distributes tasks to the secondaries based on the task type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-249">Depending on the design, the master could poll the secondaries for task status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-249">Depending on the design, the master could poll the secondaries for task status.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-250">It could also wait for secondaries to send back acknowledgement signals when they are done.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-250">It could also wait for secondaries to send back acknowledgement signals when they are done.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-251">In the second case, care must be taken to detect situations where secondaries die or messages are lost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-251">In the second case, care must be taken to detect situations where secondaries die or messages are lost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-252">One option is for the master to send a ping request to the same secondary, which sends back its status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-252">One option is for the master to send a ping request to the same secondary, which sends back its status.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-253">If no status is received, the master considers it a failure and reschedules the task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-253">If no status is received, the master considers it a failure and reschedules the task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-254">This behavior assumes that the tasks are idempotent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-254">This behavior assumes that the tasks are idempotent.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-255">The monitored condition can be translated as a warning if the task is not done in a certain time (**t1**, for example 10 minutes).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-255">The monitored condition can be translated as a warning if the task is not done in a certain time (**t1**, for example 10 minutes).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-256">If the task is not completed in time (**t2**, for example 20 minutes), the monitored condition can be translated as Error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-256">If the task is not completed in time (**t2**, for example 20 minutes), the monitored condition can be translated as Error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-257">This reporting can be done in multiple ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-257">This reporting can be done in multiple ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-258">The master primary replica reports on itself periodically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-258">The master primary replica reports on itself periodically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-259">You can have one property for all pending tasks in the queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-259">You can have one property for all pending tasks in the queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-260">If at least one task takes longer, the report status on the property **PendingTasks** is a warning or error, as appropriate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-260">If at least one task takes longer, the report status on the property **PendingTasks** is a warning or error, as appropriate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-261">If there are no pending tasks or all tasks started execution, the report status is OK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-261">If there are no pending tasks or all tasks started execution, the report status is OK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-262">The tasks are persistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-262">The tasks are persistent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-263">If the primary goes down, the newly promoted primary can continue to report properly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-263">If the primary goes down, the newly promoted primary can continue to report properly.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-264">Another watchdog process (in the cloud or external) checks the tasks (from outside, based on the desired task result) to see if they are completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-264">Another watchdog process (in the cloud or external) checks the tasks (from outside, based on the desired task result) to see if they are completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-265">If they do not respect the thresholds, a report is sent on the master service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-265">If they do not respect the thresholds, a report is sent on the master service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-266">A report is also sent on each task that includes the task identifier, like **PendingTask+taskId**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-266">A report is also sent on each task that includes the task identifier, like **PendingTask+taskId**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-267">Reports should be sent only on unhealthy states.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-267">Reports should be sent only on unhealthy states.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-268">Set time to live to a few minutes, and mark the reports to be removed when they expire to ensure cleanup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-268">Set time to live to a few minutes, and mark the reports to be removed when they expire to ensure cleanup.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-269">The secondary that is executing a task reports when it takes longer than expected to run it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-269">The secondary that is executing a task reports when it takes longer than expected to run it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-270">It reports on the service instance on the property **PendingTasks**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-270">It reports on the service instance on the property **PendingTasks**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-271">The report pinpoints the service instance that has issues, but it doesn't capture the situation where the instance dies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-271">The report pinpoints the service instance that has issues, but it doesn't capture the situation where the instance dies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-272">The reports are cleaned up then.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-272">The reports are cleaned up then.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-273">It could report on the secondary service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-273">It could report on the secondary service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-274">If the secondary completes the task, the secondary instance clears the report from the store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-274">If the secondary completes the task, the secondary instance clears the report from the store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-275">The report doesn't capture the situation where the acknowledgement message is lost and the task is not finished from the master's point of view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-275">The report doesn't capture the situation where the acknowledgement message is lost and the task is not finished from the master's point of view.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-276">However the reporting is done in the cases described above, the reports are captured in application health when health is evaluated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-276">However the reporting is done in the cases described above, the reports are captured in application health when health is evaluated.</span></span>

## <a name="report-periodically-vs-on-transition"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-277">Report periodically vs. on transition</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-277">Report periodically vs. on transition</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-278">By using the health reporting model, watchdogs can send reports periodically or on transitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-278">By using the health reporting model, watchdogs can send reports periodically or on transitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-279">The recommended way for watchdog reporting is periodically, because the code is much simpler and less prone to errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-279">The recommended way for watchdog reporting is periodically, because the code is much simpler and less prone to errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-280">The watchdogs must strive to be as simple as possible to avoid bugs that trigger incorrect reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-280">The watchdogs must strive to be as simple as possible to avoid bugs that trigger incorrect reports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-281">Incorrect *unhealthy* reports impact health evaluations and scenarios based on health, including upgrades.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-281">Incorrect *unhealthy* reports impact health evaluations and scenarios based on health, including upgrades.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-282">Incorrect *healthy* reports hide issues in the cluster, which is not desired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-282">Incorrect *healthy* reports hide issues in the cluster, which is not desired.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-283">For periodic reporting, the watchdog can be implemented with a timer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-283">For periodic reporting, the watchdog can be implemented with a timer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-284">On a timer callback, the watchdog can check the state and send a report based on the current state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-284">On a timer callback, the watchdog can check the state and send a report based on the current state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-285">There is no need to see which report was sent previously or make any optimizations in terms of messaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-285">There is no need to see which report was sent previously or make any optimizations in terms of messaging.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-286">The health client has batching logic to help with performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-286">The health client has batching logic to help with performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-287">While the health client is kept alive, it retries internally until the report is acknowledged by the health store or the watchdog generates a newer report with the same entity, property, and source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-287">While the health client is kept alive, it retries internally until the report is acknowledged by the health store or the watchdog generates a newer report with the same entity, property, and source.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-288">Reporting on transitions requires careful handling of state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-288">Reporting on transitions requires careful handling of state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-289">The watchdog monitors some conditions and reports only when the conditions change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-289">The watchdog monitors some conditions and reports only when the conditions change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-290">The upside of this approach is that fewer reports are needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-290">The upside of this approach is that fewer reports are needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-291">The downside is that the logic of the watchdog is complex.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-291">The downside is that the logic of the watchdog is complex.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-292">The watchdog must maintain the conditions or the reports, so that they can be inspected to determine state changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-292">The watchdog must maintain the conditions or the reports, so that they can be inspected to determine state changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-293">On failover, care must be taken when a report is sent that may have not been sent previously (queued, but not yet sent to the health store).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-293">On failover, care must be taken when a report is sent that may have not been sent previously (queued, but not yet sent to the health store).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-294">The sequence number must be ever-increasing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-294">The sequence number must be ever-increasing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-295">If not, the reports are rejected as stale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-295">If not, the reports are rejected as stale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-296">In the rare cases where data loss is incurred, synchronization may be needed between the state of the reporter and the state of the health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-296">In the rare cases where data loss is incurred, synchronization may be needed between the state of the reporter and the state of the health store.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-297">Reporting on transitions makes sense for services reporting on themselves, through `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-297">Reporting on transitions makes sense for services reporting on themselves, through `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-298">When the local object (replica or deployed service package / deployed application) is removed, all its reports are also removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-298">When the local object (replica or deployed service package / deployed application) is removed, all its reports are also removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-299">This automatic cleanup relaxes the need for synchronization between reporter and health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-299">This automatic cleanup relaxes the need for synchronization between reporter and health store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-300">If the report is for parent partition or parent application, care must be taken on failover to avoid stale reports in the health store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-300">If the report is for parent partition or parent application, care must be taken on failover to avoid stale reports in the health store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-301">Logic must be added to maintain the correct state and clear the report from store when not needed anymore.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-301">Logic must be added to maintain the correct state and clear the report from store when not needed anymore.</span></span>

## <a name="implement-health-reporting"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-302">Implement health reporting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-302">Implement health reporting</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-303">Once the entity and report details are clear, sending health reports can be done through the API, PowerShell, or REST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-303">Once the entity and report details are clear, sending health reports can be done through the API, PowerShell, or REST.</span></span>

### <a name="api"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-304">API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-304">API</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-305">To report through the API, you need to create a health report specific to the entity type they want to report on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-305">To report through the API, you need to create a health report specific to the entity type they want to report on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-306">Give the report to a health client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-306">Give the report to a health client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-307">Alternatively, create a health information and pass it to correct reporting methods on `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext` to report on current entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-307">Alternatively, create a health information and pass it to correct reporting methods on `Partition` or `CodePackageActivationContext` to report on current entities.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-308">The following example shows periodic reporting from a watchdog within the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-308">The following example shows periodic reporting from a watchdog within the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-309">The watchdog checks whether an external resource can be accessed from within a node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-309">The watchdog checks whether an external resource can be accessed from within a node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-310">The resource is needed by a service manifest within the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-310">The resource is needed by a service manifest within the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-311">If the resource is unavailable, the other services within the application can still function properly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-311">If the resource is unavailable, the other services within the application can still function properly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-312">Therefore, the report is sent on the deployed service package entity every 30 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-312">Therefore, the report is sent on the deployed service package entity every 30 seconds.</span></span>

```csharp
private static Uri ApplicationName = new Uri("fabric:/WordCount");
private static string ServiceManifestName = "WordCount.Service";
private static string NodeName = FabricRuntime.GetNodeContext().NodeName;
private static Timer ReportTimer = new Timer(new TimerCallback(SendReport), null, 30 * 1000, 30 * 1000);
private static FabricClient Client = new FabricClient(new FabricClientSettings() { HealthReportSendInterval = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(0) });

public static void SendReport(object obj)
{
    // Test whether the resource can be accessed from the node
    HealthState healthState = this.TestConnectivityToExternalResource();

    // Send report on deployed service package, as the connectivity is needed by the specific service manifest
    // and can be different on different nodes
    var deployedServicePackageHealthReport = new DeployedServicePackageHealthReport(
        ApplicationName,
        ServiceManifestName,
        NodeName,
        new HealthInformation("ExternalSourceWatcher", "Connectivity", healthState));

    // TODO: handle exception. Code omitted for snippet brevity.
    // Possible exceptions: FabricException with error codes
    // FabricHealthStaleReport (non-retryable, the report is already queued on the health client),
    // FabricHealthMaxReportsReached (retryable; user should retry with exponential delay until the report is accepted).
    Client.HealthManager.ReportHealth(deployedServicePackageHealthReport);
}
```

### <a name="powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-313">PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-313">PowerShell</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-314">Send health reports with **Send-ServiceFabric*EntityType*HealthReport**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-314">Send health reports with **Send-ServiceFabric*EntityType*HealthReport**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-315">The following example shows periodic reporting on CPU values on a node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-315">The following example shows periodic reporting on CPU values on a node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-316">The reports should be sent every 30 seconds, and they have a time to live of two minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-316">The reports should be sent every 30 seconds, and they have a time to live of two minutes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-317">If they expire, the reporter has issues, so the node is evaluated at error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-317">If they expire, the reporter has issues, so the node is evaluated at error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-318">When the CPU is above a threshold, the report has a health state of warning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-318">When the CPU is above a threshold, the report has a health state of warning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-319">When the CPU remains above a threshold for more than the configured time, it's reported as an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-319">When the CPU remains above a threshold for more than the configured time, it's reported as an error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-320">Otherwise, the reporter sends a health state of OK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-320">Otherwise, the reporter sends a health state of OK.</span></span>

```powershell
PS C:\> Send-ServiceFabricNodeHealthReport -NodeName Node.1 -HealthState Warning -SourceId PowershellWatcher -HealthProperty CPU -Description "CPU is above 80% threshold" -TimeToLiveSec 120

PS C:\> Get-ServiceFabricNodeHealth -NodeName Node.1
NodeName              : Node.1
AggregatedHealthState : Warning
UnhealthyEvaluations  :
                        Unhealthy event: SourceId='PowershellWatcher', Property='CPU', HealthState='Warning', ConsiderWarningAsError=false.

HealthEvents          :
                        SourceId              : System.FM
                        Property              : State
                        HealthState           : Ok
                        SequenceNumber        : 5
                        SentAt                : 4/21/2015 8:01:17 AM
                        ReceivedAt            : 4/21/2015 8:02:12 AM
                        TTL                   : Infinite
                        Description           : Fabric node is up.
                        RemoveWhenExpired     : False
                        IsExpired             : False
                        Transitions           : ->Ok = 4/21/2015 8:02:12 AM

                        SourceId              : PowershellWatcher
                        Property              : CPU
                        HealthState           : Warning
                        SequenceNumber        : 130741236814913394
                        SentAt                : 4/21/2015 9:01:21 PM
                        ReceivedAt            : 4/21/2015 9:01:21 PM
                        TTL                   : 00:02:00
                        Description           : CPU is above 80% threshold
                        RemoveWhenExpired     : False
                        IsExpired             : False
                        Transitions           : ->Warning = 4/21/2015 9:01:21 PM
```

<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-321">The following example reports a transient warning on a replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-321">The following example reports a transient warning on a replica.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-322">It first gets the partition ID and then the replica ID for the service it is interested in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-322">It first gets the partition ID and then the replica ID for the service it is interested in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-323">It then sends a report from **PowershellWatcher** on the property **ResourceDependency**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-323">It then sends a report from **PowershellWatcher** on the property **ResourceDependency**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-324">The report is of interest for only two minutes, and it is removed from the store automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-324">The report is of interest for only two minutes, and it is removed from the store automatically.</span></span>

```powershell
PS C:\> $partitionId = (Get-ServiceFabricPartition -ServiceName fabric:/WordCount/WordCount.Service).PartitionId

PS C:\> $replicaId = (Get-ServiceFabricReplica -PartitionId $partitionId | where {$_.ReplicaRole -eq "Primary"}).ReplicaId

PS C:\> Send-ServiceFabricReplicaHealthReport -PartitionId $partitionId -ReplicaId $replicaId -HealthState Warning -SourceId PowershellWatcher -HealthProperty ResourceDependency -Description "The external resource that the primary is using has been rebooted at 4/21/2015 9:01:21 PM. Expect processing delays for a few minutes." -TimeToLiveSec 120 -RemoveWhenExpired

PS C:\> Get-ServiceFabricReplicaHealth  -PartitionId $partitionId -ReplicaOrInstanceId $replicaId


PartitionId           : 8f82daff-eb68-4fd9-b631-7a37629e08c0
ReplicaId             : 130740415594605869
AggregatedHealthState : Warning
UnhealthyEvaluations  :
                        Unhealthy event: SourceId='PowershellWatcher', Property='ResourceDependency', HealthState='Warning', ConsiderWarningAsError=false.

HealthEvents          :
                        SourceId              : System.RA
                        Property              : State
                        HealthState           : Ok
                        SequenceNumber        : 130740768777734943
                        SentAt                : 4/21/2015 8:01:17 AM
                        ReceivedAt            : 4/21/2015 8:02:12 AM
                        TTL                   : Infinite
                        Description           : Replica has been created.
                        RemoveWhenExpired     : False
                        IsExpired             : False
                        Transitions           : ->Ok = 4/21/2015 8:02:12 AM

                        SourceId              : PowershellWatcher
                        Property              : ResourceDependency
                        HealthState           : Warning
                        SequenceNumber        : 130741243777723555
                        SentAt                : 4/21/2015 9:12:57 PM
                        ReceivedAt            : 4/21/2015 9:12:57 PM
                        TTL                   : 00:02:00
                        Description           : The external resource that the primary is using has been rebooted at 4/21/2015 9:01:21 PM. Expect processing delays for a few minutes.
                        RemoveWhenExpired     : True
                        IsExpired             : False
                        Transitions           : ->Warning = 4/21/2015 9:12:32 PM
```

### <a name="rest"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-325">REST</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-325">REST</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-326">Send health reports using REST with POST requests that go to the desired entity and have in the body the health report description.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-326">Send health reports using REST with POST requests that go to the desired entity and have in the body the health report description.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-327">For example, see how to send REST [cluster health reports](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/servicefabric/report-the-health-of-a-cluster) or [service health reports](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/servicefabric/report-the-health-of-a-service).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-327">For example, see how to send REST [cluster health reports](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/servicefabric/report-the-health-of-a-cluster) or [service health reports](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/servicefabric/report-the-health-of-a-service).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-328">All entities are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-328">All entities are supported.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="77cb7-329">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-329">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-330">Based on the health data, service writers and cluster/application administrators can think of ways to consume the information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-330">Based on the health data, service writers and cluster/application administrators can think of ways to consume the information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-331">For example, they can set up alerts based on health status to catch severe issues before they provoke outages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-331">For example, they can set up alerts based on health status to catch severe issues before they provoke outages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="77cb7-332">Administrators can also set up repair systems to fix issues automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-332">Administrators can also set up repair systems to fix issues automatically.</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-333">Introduction to Service Fabric health Monitoring</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-333">Introduction to Service Fabric health Monitoring</span></span>](service-fabric-health-introduction.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-334">View Service Fabric health reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-334">View Service Fabric health reports</span></span>](service-fabric-view-entities-aggregated-health.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-335">How to report and check service health</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-335">How to report and check service health</span></span>](service-fabric-diagnostics-how-to-report-and-check-service-health.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-336">Use system health reports for troubleshooting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-336">Use system health reports for troubleshooting</span></span>](service-fabric-understand-and-troubleshoot-with-system-health-reports.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-337">Monitor and diagnose services locally</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-337">Monitor and diagnose services locally</span></span>](service-fabric-diagnostics-how-to-monitor-and-diagnose-services-locally.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="77cb7-338">Service Fabric application upgrade</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="77cb7-338">Service Fabric application upgrade</span></span>](service-fabric-application-upgrade.md)

