---
title: Grant locally-managed partner accounts access to cloud resources as Azure AD B2B users | Microsoft Docs
description: Give locally-managed external partners access to both local and cloud resources using the same credentials with Azure AD B2B collaboration.
services: active-directory
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: B2B
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/24/2018
ms.author: mimart
author: msmimart
manager: mtillman
ms.reviewer: sasubram
ms.openlocfilehash: 84d967dfc8ce09500aec2dfc7a10b4b42cadf4b1
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44865019"
---
# <a name="grant-locally-managed-partner-accounts-access-to-cloud-resources-using-azure-ad-b2b-collaboration"></a><span data-ttu-id="2533e-103">Grant locally-managed partner accounts access to cloud resources using Azure AD B2B collaboration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-103">Grant locally-managed partner accounts access to cloud resources using Azure AD B2B collaboration</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2533e-104">Before Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), organizations with on-premises identity systems have traditionally managed partner accounts in their on-premises directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-104">Before Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), organizations with on-premises identity systems have traditionally managed partner accounts in their on-premises directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-105">In such an organization, when you start to move apps to Azure AD, you want to make sure your partners can access the resources they need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-105">In such an organization, when you start to move apps to Azure AD, you want to make sure your partners can access the resources they need.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-106">It shouldn't matter whether the resources are on-premises or in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-106">It shouldn't matter whether the resources are on-premises or in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-107">Also, you want your partner users to be able to use the same sign-in credentials for both on-premises and Azure AD resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-107">Also, you want your partner users to be able to use the same sign-in credentials for both on-premises and Azure AD resources.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2533e-108">If you create accounts for your external partners in your on-premises directory (for example, you create an account with a sign-in name of "wmoran" for an external user named Wendy Moran in your partners.contoso.com domain), you can now sync these accounts to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-108">If you create accounts for your external partners in your on-premises directory (for example, you create an account with a sign-in name of "wmoran" for an external user named Wendy Moran in your partners.contoso.com domain), you can now sync these accounts to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-109">Specifically, you can use Azure AD Connect to sync the partner accounts to the cloud as Azure AD B2B users (that is, users with UserType = Guest).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-109">Specifically, you can use Azure AD Connect to sync the partner accounts to the cloud as Azure AD B2B users (that is, users with UserType = Guest).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-110">This enables your partner users to access cloud resources using the same credentials as their local accounts, without giving them more access than they need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-110">This enables your partner users to access cloud resources using the same credentials as their local accounts, without giving them more access than they need.</span></span> 

## <a name="identify-unique-attributes-for-usertype"></a><span data-ttu-id="2533e-111">Identify unique attributes for UserType</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-111">Identify unique attributes for UserType</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2533e-112">Before you enable synchronization of the UserType attribute, you must first decide how to derive the UserType attribute from on-premises Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-112">Before you enable synchronization of the UserType attribute, you must first decide how to derive the UserType attribute from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-113">In other words, what parameters in your on-premises environment are unique to your external collaborators?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-113">In other words, what parameters in your on-premises environment are unique to your external collaborators?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-114">Determine a parameter that distinguishes these external collaborators from members of your own organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-114">Determine a parameter that distinguishes these external collaborators from members of your own organization.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2533e-115">Two common approaches for this are to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-115">Two common approaches for this are to:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="2533e-116">Designate an unused on-premises Active Directory attribute (for example, extensionAttribute1) to use as the source attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-116">Designate an unused on-premises Active Directory attribute (for example, extensionAttribute1) to use as the source attribute.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="2533e-117">Alternatively, derive the value for UserType attribute from other properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-117">Alternatively, derive the value for UserType attribute from other properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-118">For example, you want to synchronize all users as Guest if their on-premises Active Directory UserPrincipalName attribute ends with the domain *@partners.contoso.com*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-118">For example, you want to synchronize all users as Guest if their on-premises Active Directory UserPrincipalName attribute ends with the domain *@partners.contoso.com*.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="2533e-119">For detailed attribute requirements, see [Enable synchronization of UserType](../connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-change-the-configuration.md#enable-synchronization-of-usertype).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-119">For detailed attribute requirements, see [Enable synchronization of UserType](../connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-change-the-configuration.md#enable-synchronization-of-usertype).</span></span> 

## <a name="configure-azure-ad-connect-to-sync-users-to-the-cloud"></a><span data-ttu-id="2533e-120">Configure Azure AD Connect to sync users to the cloud</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-120">Configure Azure AD Connect to sync users to the cloud</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2533e-121">After you identify the unique attribute, you can configure Azure AD Connect to sync these users to the cloud as Azure AD B2B users (that is, users with UserType = Guest).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-121">After you identify the unique attribute, you can configure Azure AD Connect to sync these users to the cloud as Azure AD B2B users (that is, users with UserType = Guest).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2533e-122">From an authorization point of view, these users are indistinguishable from B2B users created through the Azure AD B2B collaboration invitation process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-122">From an authorization point of view, these users are indistinguishable from B2B users created through the Azure AD B2B collaboration invitation process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2533e-123">For implementation instructions, see [Enable synchronization of UserType](../connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-change-the-configuration.md#enable-synchronization-of-usertype).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-123">For implementation instructions, see [Enable synchronization of UserType](../connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-change-the-configuration.md#enable-synchronization-of-usertype).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="2533e-124">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-124">Next steps</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="2533e-125">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration for hybrid organizations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-125">Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration for hybrid organizations</span></span>](hybrid-organizations.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="2533e-126">Grant B2B users in Azure AD access to your on-premises applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-126">Grant B2B users in Azure AD access to your on-premises applications</span></span>](hybrid-cloud-to-on-premises.md)
- <span data-ttu-id="2533e-127">For an overview of Azure AD Connect, see [Integrate your on-premises directories with Azure Active Directory](../connect/active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2533e-127">For an overview of Azure AD Connect, see [Integrate your on-premises directories with Azure Active Directory](../connect/active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span></span>

