---
title: Manage API version profiles in Azure Stack | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about API version profiles in Azure Stack.
services: azure-stack
documentationcenter: ''
author: sethmanheim
manager: femila
ms.service: azure-stack
ms.workload: na
pms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 08/15/2018
ms.author: sethm
ms.reviewer: sijuman
ms.openlocfilehash: db60aaacfb2ba60dbe73663cb415e2a3baea5400
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44871115"
---
# <a name="manage-api-version-profiles-in-azure-stack"></a><span data-ttu-id="f70cb-103">Manage API version profiles in Azure Stack</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-103">Manage API version profiles in Azure Stack</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-104">*Applies to: Azure Stack integrated systems and Azure Stack Development Kit*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-104">*Applies to: Azure Stack integrated systems and Azure Stack Development Kit*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-105">API profiles specify the Azure resource provider and the API version for Azure REST endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-105">API profiles specify the Azure resource provider and the API version for Azure REST endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-106">You can create custom clients in different languages using API profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-106">You can create custom clients in different languages using API profiles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-107">Each client uses an API profile to contact the correct resource provider and API version for Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-107">Each client uses an API profile to contact the correct resource provider and API version for Azure Stack.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-108">You can create an app to work with Azure resource providers without having to sort out exactly which version of each resource provider API is compatible with Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-108">You can create an app to work with Azure resource providers without having to sort out exactly which version of each resource provider API is compatible with Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-109">Just align your application to a profile; the SDK reverts to the correct API version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-109">Just align your application to a profile; the SDK reverts to the correct API version.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-110">This topic helps you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-110">This topic helps you:</span></span>

 - <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-111">Understand API profiles for Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-111">Understand API profiles for Azure Stack.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-112">Learn how you can use API profiles to develop your solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-112">Learn how you can use API profiles to develop your solutions.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-113">See where to find code-specific guidance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-113">See where to find code-specific guidance.</span></span>

## <a name="summary-of-api-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="f70cb-114">Summary of API profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-114">Summary of API profiles</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-115">API profiles are used to represent a set of Azure resource providers and their API versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-115">API profiles are used to represent a set of Azure resource providers and their API versions.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-116">API profiles were created for you to create templates across multiple Azure clouds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-116">API profiles were created for you to create templates across multiple Azure clouds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-117">Profiles are designed to meet your need for a compatible and stable interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-117">Profiles are designed to meet your need for a compatible and stable interface.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-118">Profiles are released four times a year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-118">Profiles are released four times a year.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-119">Three profile naming conventions are used:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-119">Three profile naming conventions are used:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-120">**latest**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-120">**latest**</span></span>  
        <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-121">Contains the most recent API versions released in global Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-121">Contains the most recent API versions released in global Azure.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-122">**yyyy-mm-dd-hybrid**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-122">**yyyy-mm-dd-hybrid**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-123">Released at a biannual cadence, this release focuses on consistency and stability across multiple clouds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-123">Released at a biannual cadence, this release focuses on consistency and stability across multiple clouds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-124">This profile targets optimal Azure Stack compatibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-124">This profile targets optimal Azure Stack compatibility.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-125">**yyyy-mm-dd-profile** Sits between optimal stability and the latest features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-125">**yyyy-mm-dd-profile** Sits between optimal stability and the latest features.</span></span>

### <a name="azure-api-profiles-and-azure-stack-compatibility"></a><span data-ttu-id="f70cb-126">Azure API profiles and Azure Stack compatibility</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-126">Azure API profiles and Azure Stack compatibility</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-127">The newest Azure API profiles are not compatible with Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-127">The newest Azure API profiles are not compatible with Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-128">You can use the following naming conventions to identify which profiles to use for your Azure Stack solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-128">You can use the following naming conventions to identify which profiles to use for your Azure Stack solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-129">**Latest**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-129">**Latest**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-130">This profile has the most up-to-date API versions found in global Azure, which won't work in Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-130">This profile has the most up-to-date API versions found in global Azure, which won't work in Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-131">**Latest** has the largest number of breaking changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-131">**Latest** has the largest number of breaking changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-132">The profile puts aside stability and compatibility with other clouds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-132">The profile puts aside stability and compatibility with other clouds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-133">If you're trying to use the most up-to-date API versions, **Latest** is the profile you should use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-133">If you're trying to use the most up-to-date API versions, **Latest** is the profile you should use.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-134">**Yyyy-mm-dd-hybrid**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-134">**Yyyy-mm-dd-hybrid**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-135">This profile is released in March and September every year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-135">This profile is released in March and September every year.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-136">This profile has optimal stability and compatibility with the various clouds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-136">This profile has optimal stability and compatibility with the various clouds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-137">**Yyyy-mm-dd-hybrid** is designed to target global Azure and Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-137">**Yyyy-mm-dd-hybrid** is designed to target global Azure and Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-138">The Azure API versions listed in this profile will be the same as the ones that are listed on Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-138">The Azure API versions listed in this profile will be the same as the ones that are listed on Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-139">You can use this profile to develop code for hybrid cloud solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-139">You can use this profile to develop code for hybrid cloud solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-140">**yyyy-mm-dd-profile**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-140">**yyyy-mm-dd-profile**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-141">This profile is released for global Azure in June and December.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-141">This profile is released for global Azure in June and December.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-142">This profile won't work against Azure Stack; typically, there will be many breaking changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-142">This profile won't work against Azure Stack; typically, there will be many breaking changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-143">Although it sits between optimal stability and latest features, the difference between **Latest** and this profile is that **Latest** will always consist of the newest API versions, regardless of when the API was released.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-143">Although it sits between optimal stability and latest features, the difference between **Latest** and this profile is that **Latest** will always consist of the newest API versions, regardless of when the API was released.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-144">For example, if a new API version is created for the Compute API tomorrow, that API version will be listed in the **Latest**, but not in the **yyyy-mm-dd-profile** because this profile already exists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-144">For example, if a new API version is created for the Compute API tomorrow, that API version will be listed in the **Latest**, but not in the **yyyy-mm-dd-profile** because this profile already exists.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-145">**yyyy-mm-dd-profile** covers the most up-to-date versions released before June or before December.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-145">**yyyy-mm-dd-profile** covers the most up-to-date versions released before June or before December.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-resource-manager-api-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="f70cb-146">Azure Resource Manager API profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-146">Azure Resource Manager API profiles</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-147">Azure Stack does not use the latest version of the API versions found in global Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-147">Azure Stack does not use the latest version of the API versions found in global Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-148">When you're creating a solution, you need to find the API version for each Azure resource provider that's compatible with Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-148">When you're creating a solution, you need to find the API version for each Azure resource provider that's compatible with Azure Stack.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-149">Rather than research every resource provider and the specific version supported by Azure Stack, you can use an API profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-149">Rather than research every resource provider and the specific version supported by Azure Stack, you can use an API profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-150">The profile specifies a set of resource providers and API versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-150">The profile specifies a set of resource providers and API versions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-151">The SDK, or a tool built with the SDK, will revert to the target api-version specified in the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-151">The SDK, or a tool built with the SDK, will revert to the target api-version specified in the profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-152">With API profiles, you can specify a profile version that applies to an entire template and, at runtime, the Azure Resource Manager selects the right version of the resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-152">With API profiles, you can specify a profile version that applies to an entire template and, at runtime, the Azure Resource Manager selects the right version of the resource.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-153">API profiles work with tools that use Azure Resource Manager, such as PowerShell, Azure CLI, code provided in the SDK, and Microsoft Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-153">API profiles work with tools that use Azure Resource Manager, such as PowerShell, Azure CLI, code provided in the SDK, and Microsoft Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-154">Tools and SDKs can use profiles to read which version of the modules and libraries to include when building an application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-154">Tools and SDKs can use profiles to read which version of the modules and libraries to include when building an application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-155">For example, if you use PowerShell to create a storage account using the **Microsoft.Storage** resource provider, which supports api-version 2016-03-30 and a VM using the Microsoft.Compute resource provider with api-version 2015-12-01, you would need to look up  which PowerShell Module supports 2016-03-30 for Storage and which Module supports 2015-02-01 for Compute and install them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-155">For example, if you use PowerShell to create a storage account using the **Microsoft.Storage** resource provider, which supports api-version 2016-03-30 and a VM using the Microsoft.Compute resource provider with api-version 2015-12-01, you would need to look up  which PowerShell Module supports 2016-03-30 for Storage and which Module supports 2015-02-01 for Compute and install them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-156">Instead, you can use a profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-156">Instead, you can use a profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-157">Use the cmdlet \*\*Install-Profile \*profilename\*\*\*, and PowerShell loads the right version of the modules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-157">Use the cmdlet \*\*Install-Profile \*profilename\*\*\*, and PowerShell loads the right version of the modules.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-158">Similarly, when using the Python SDK to build a Python-based application, you can specify the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-158">Similarly, when using the Python SDK to build a Python-based application, you can specify the profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-159">The SDK loads the right modules for the resource providers that you have specified in your script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-159">The SDK loads the right modules for the resource providers that you have specified in your script.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-160">As a developer, you can focus on writing your solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-160">As a developer, you can focus on writing your solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-161">Rather than researching which api-versions, resource provider, and which cloud works together, you use a profile and know that your code will work across all clouds that support that profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-161">Rather than researching which api-versions, resource provider, and which cloud works together, you use a profile and know that your code will work across all clouds that support that profile.</span></span>

## <a name="api-profile-code-samples"></a><span data-ttu-id="f70cb-162">API profile code samples</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-162">API profile code samples</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-163">You can find code samples to help you integrate your solution with your preferred language with Azure Stack by using profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-163">You can find code samples to help you integrate your solution with your preferred language with Azure Stack by using profiles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-164">Currently, you can find guidance and samples for the following languages:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-164">Currently, you can find guidance and samples for the following languages:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-165">**PowerShell**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-165">**PowerShell**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-166">You can use the  **AzureRM.Bootstrapper** module available through the PowerShell Gallery to get the PowerShell cmdlets required to work with API version profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-166">You can use the  **AzureRM.Bootstrapper** module available through the PowerShell Gallery to get the PowerShell cmdlets required to work with API version profiles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-167">For information, see [Use API version profiles for PowerShell](azure-stack-version-profiles-powershell.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-167">For information, see [Use API version profiles for PowerShell](azure-stack-version-profiles-powershell.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-168">**Azure CLI 2.0**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-168">**Azure CLI 2.0**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-169">You can update your environment configuration to use the Azure Stack specific API version profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-169">You can update your environment configuration to use the Azure Stack specific API version profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-170">For information, see [Use API version profiles for Azure CLI 2.0](azure-stack-version-profiles-azurecli2.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-170">For information, see [Use API version profiles for Azure CLI 2.0](azure-stack-version-profiles-azurecli2.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-171">**GO**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-171">**GO**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-172">In the GO SDK, a profile is a combination of different resource types with different versions from different services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-172">In the GO SDK, a profile is a combination of different resource types with different versions from different services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-173">profiles are available under the profiles/ path, with their version in the **YYYY-MM-DD** format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-173">profiles are available under the profiles/ path, with their version in the **YYYY-MM-DD** format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-174">For information, see [Use API version profiles for GO](azure-stack-version-profiles-go.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-174">For information, see [Use API version profiles for GO](azure-stack-version-profiles-go.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-175">**Ruby**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-175">**Ruby**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-176">The Ruby SDK for the Azure Stack Resource Manager provides tools to help you build and manage your infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-176">The Ruby SDK for the Azure Stack Resource Manager provides tools to help you build and manage your infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-177">Resource providers in the SDK include compute, virtual networks, and storage with the Ruby language.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-177">Resource providers in the SDK include compute, virtual networks, and storage with the Ruby language.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-178">For information, see [Use API version profiles with Ruby](azure-stack-version-profiles-ruby.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-178">For information, see [Use API version profiles with Ruby](azure-stack-version-profiles-ruby.md)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-179">**Python**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-179">**Python**</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-180">The Python SDK supports API version profiles to target different cloud platforms such as Azure Stack and global Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-180">The Python SDK supports API version profiles to target different cloud platforms such as Azure Stack and global Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-181">You can use API profiles in creating solutions for a hybrid cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-181">You can use API profiles in creating solutions for a hybrid cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-182">For information, see [Use API version profiles with Python](azure-stack-version-profiles-python.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-182">For information, see [Use API version profiles with Python](azure-stack-version-profiles-python.md)</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f70cb-183">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-183">Next steps</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-184">Install PowerShell for Azure Stack</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-184">Install PowerShell for Azure Stack</span></span>](azure-stack-powershell-install.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="f70cb-185">Configure the Azure Stack user's PowerShell environment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-185">Configure the Azure Stack user's PowerShell environment</span></span>](azure-stack-powershell-configure-user.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="f70cb-186">[Review details about resource provider API versions supported by the profiles](azure-stack-profiles-azure-resource-manager-versions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f70cb-186">[Review details about resource provider API versions supported by the profiles](azure-stack-profiles-azure-resource-manager-versions.md).</span></span>