---
title: Introduction to R Server on Azure HDInsight | Microsoft Docs
description: Get an introduction to R Server on HDInsight. Learn how to use R Server for creating applications for big data analysis.
services: hdinsight
documentationcenter: ''
author: jeffstokes72
manager: jhubbard
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: 6dc21bf5-4429-435f-a0fb-eea856e0ea96
ms.service: hdinsight
ms.custom: hdinsightactive
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: big-data
ms.date: 02/28/2017
ms.author: jeffstok
ms.openlocfilehash: f5ca2fdae571b89423111d548d7edb781b928e82
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44563933"
---
#<a name="introduction-to-r-server-and-open-source-r-capabilities-on-hdinsight"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-104">Introduction to R Server and open-source R capabilities on HDInsight</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-104">Introduction to R Server and open-source R capabilities on HDInsight</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-105">With Microsoft Azure HDInsight, Microsoft R Server is now available as an option when you create HDInsight clusters in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-105">With Microsoft Azure HDInsight, Microsoft R Server is now available as an option when you create HDInsight clusters in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-106">This new capability provides data scientists, statisticians, and R programmers with on-demand access to scalable, distributed methods of analytics on HDInsight.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-106">This new capability provides data scientists, statisticians, and R programmers with on-demand access to scalable, distributed methods of analytics on HDInsight.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-107">Clusters can be sized to the projects and tasks at hand and torn down when they're no longer needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-107">Clusters can be sized to the projects and tasks at hand and torn down when they're no longer needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-108">Since they're part of Azure HDInsight, these clusters come with enterprise-level 24/7 support, an SLA of 99.9% uptime, and the flexibility to integrate with other components in the Azure ecosystem.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-108">Since they're part of Azure HDInsight, these clusters come with enterprise-level 24/7 support, an SLA of 99.9% uptime, and the flexibility to integrate with other components in the Azure ecosystem.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-109">R Server on HDInsight provides the latest capabilities for R-based analytics on datasets of virtually any size loaded to either Azure Blob or Data Lake storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-109">R Server on HDInsight provides the latest capabilities for R-based analytics on datasets of virtually any size loaded to either Azure Blob or Data Lake storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-110">Since R Server is built on open source R, the R-based applications you build can leverage any of the 8000+ open source R packages, as well as the routines in ScaleR, Microsoft’s big data analytics package that's included with R Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-110">Since R Server is built on open source R, the R-based applications you build can leverage any of the 8000+ open source R packages, as well as the routines in ScaleR, Microsoft’s big data analytics package that's included with R Server.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-111">The edge node of a cluster provides a convenient place to connect to the cluster and to run your R scripts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-111">The edge node of a cluster provides a convenient place to connect to the cluster and to run your R scripts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-112">With an edge node, you have the option of running ScaleR’s parallelized distributed functions across the cores of the edge node server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-112">With an edge node, you have the option of running ScaleR’s parallelized distributed functions across the cores of the edge node server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-113">You also have the option to run them across the nodes of the cluster by using ScaleR’s Hadoop Map Reduce or Spark compute contexts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-113">You also have the option to run them across the nodes of the cluster by using ScaleR’s Hadoop Map Reduce or Spark compute contexts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-114">The models or predictions that result from analyses can be downloaded for use on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-114">The models or predictions that result from analyses can be downloaded for use on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-115">They can also be operationalized elsewhere in Azure, such as through an [Azure Machine Learning Studio](http://studio.azureml.net) [web service](../machine-learning/machine-learning-publish-a-machine-learning-web-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-115">They can also be operationalized elsewhere in Azure, such as through an [Azure Machine Learning Studio](http://studio.azureml.net) [web service](../machine-learning/machine-learning-publish-a-machine-learning-web-service.md).</span></span>

## <a name="get-started-with-r-on-hdinsight"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-116">Get started with R on HDInsight</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-116">Get started with R on HDInsight</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-117">To include R Server in an HDInsight cluster, you must select the R Server cluster type when creating an HDInsight cluster using the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-117">To include R Server in an HDInsight cluster, you must select the R Server cluster type when creating an HDInsight cluster using the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-118">The R Server cluster type includes R Server on the data nodes of the cluster, and on an edge node as a landing zone for R Server-based analytics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-118">The R Server cluster type includes R Server on the data nodes of the cluster, and on an edge node as a landing zone for R Server-based analytics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-119">See [Getting Started with R Server on HDInsight](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-get-started.md) for an in-depth walk-through on creating a cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-119">See [Getting Started with R Server on HDInsight](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-get-started.md) for an in-depth walk-through on creating a cluster.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-about-data-storage-options"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-120">Learn about data storage options</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-120">Learn about data storage options</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-121">Default storage for the HDFS file system of HDInsight clusters can be associated with either an Azure Storage account or a Azure Data Lake store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-121">Default storage for the HDFS file system of HDInsight clusters can be associated with either an Azure Storage account or a Azure Data Lake store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-122">This ensures that whatever data is uploaded to the cluster storage during analysis is made persistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-122">This ensures that whatever data is uploaded to the cluster storage during analysis is made persistent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-123">There are various tools for data transfer to the storage option you select including the storage account's portal-based upload facility and the [AzCopy](../storage/storage-use-azcopy.md) utility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-123">There are various tools for data transfer to the storage option you select including the storage account's portal-based upload facility and the [AzCopy](../storage/storage-use-azcopy.md) utility.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-124">Regardless of whether you choose Azure Blob or Data Lake as primary storage for your cluster, you have the option of adding access to additional Blob and Data lake stores during the cluster provisioning process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-124">Regardless of whether you choose Azure Blob or Data Lake as primary storage for your cluster, you have the option of adding access to additional Blob and Data lake stores during the cluster provisioning process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-125">See [Getting started with R Server on HDInsight](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-get-started) for information on adding access to additional accounts, and the supplementary [Azure Storage options for R Server on HDInsight](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-storage) article to learn about using multiple storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-125">See [Getting started with R Server on HDInsight](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-get-started) for information on adding access to additional accounts, and the supplementary [Azure Storage options for R Server on HDInsight](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-storage) article to learn about using multiple storage accounts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-126">You can also use [Azure Files](../storage/storage-how-to-use-files-linux.md) as a storage option for use on the edge node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-126">You can also use [Azure Files](../storage/storage-how-to-use-files-linux.md) as a storage option for use on the edge node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-127">Azure Files enables you to mount a file share that was created in Azure Storage to the Linux file system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-127">Azure Files enables you to mount a file share that was created in Azure Storage to the Linux file system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-128">For more information about data storage options for R Server on HDInsight cluster, see [Azure Storage options for R Server on HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-storage.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-128">For more information about data storage options for R Server on HDInsight cluster, see [Azure Storage options for R Server on HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-storage.md).</span></span>

## <a name="access-r-server-on-the-cluster"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-129">Access R Server on the cluster</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-129">Access R Server on the cluster</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-130">After you've created a cluster with R Server,you can connect to R Server on the edge node using a browser if you’ve chosen to include RStudio Server during the provisioning process, or have added it later, or by using SSH/PuTTY to access the R console.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-130">After you've created a cluster with R Server,you can connect to R Server on the edge node using a browser if you’ve chosen to include RStudio Server during the provisioning process, or have added it later, or by using SSH/PuTTY to access the R console.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-131">For more information about installing RStudio Server after a cluster is created, see [Installing RStudio Server on HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-install-r-studio.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-131">For more information about installing RStudio Server after a cluster is created, see [Installing RStudio Server on HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-install-r-studio.md).</span></span>   

## <a name="develop-and-run-r-scripts"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-132">Develop and run R scripts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-132">Develop and run R scripts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-133">The R scripts you create and run can use any of the 8000+ open source R packages in addition to the parallelized and distributed routines in the ScaleR library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-133">The R scripts you create and run can use any of the 8000+ open source R packages in addition to the parallelized and distributed routines in the ScaleR library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-134">In general, script that's run with R Server on the edge node runs within the R interpreter on that node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-134">In general, script that's run with R Server on the edge node runs within the R interpreter on that node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-135">The exceptions are those steps that call a ScaleR function with a compute context that's set to Hadoop Map Reduce (RxHadoopMR) or Spark (RxSpark).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-135">The exceptions are those steps that call a ScaleR function with a compute context that's set to Hadoop Map Reduce (RxHadoopMR) or Spark (RxSpark).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-136">In those cases, the function runs in a distributed fashion across those data (task) nodes of the cluster that are associated with the referenced data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-136">In those cases, the function runs in a distributed fashion across those data (task) nodes of the cluster that are associated with the referenced data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-137">For more information about the different compute context options, see [Compute context options for R Server on HDInsight](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-compute-contexts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-137">For more information about the different compute context options, see [Compute context options for R Server on HDInsight](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-compute-contexts.md).</span></span>

## <a name="operationalize-a-model"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-138">Operationalize a model</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-138">Operationalize a model</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-139">When your data modeling is complete, you can operationalize the model to make predictions for new data both in Azure and on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-139">When your data modeling is complete, you can operationalize the model to make predictions for new data both in Azure and on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-140">This process is known as scoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-140">This process is known as scoring.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-141">Here are a few examples.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-141">Here are a few examples.</span></span>

### <a name="score-in-hdinsight"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-142">Score in HDInsight</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-142">Score in HDInsight</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-143">To score in HDInsight, write an R function that calls your model to make predictions for a new data file that you've loaded to your storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-143">To score in HDInsight, write an R function that calls your model to make predictions for a new data file that you've loaded to your storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-144">Then save the predictions back to the storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-144">Then save the predictions back to the storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-145">You can run the routine on-demand on the edge node of your cluster or by using a scheduled job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-145">You can run the routine on-demand on the edge node of your cluster or by using a scheduled job.</span></span>  

### <a name="score-in-azure-machine-learning"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-146">Score in Azure Machine Learning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-146">Score in Azure Machine Learning</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-147">To score by using an Azure Machine Learning web service, use the open source Azure Machine Learning R package known as [AzureML](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/AzureML/vignettes/getting_started.html) to publish your model as an Azure web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-147">To score by using an Azure Machine Learning web service, use the open source Azure Machine Learning R package known as [AzureML](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/AzureML/vignettes/getting_started.html) to publish your model as an Azure web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-148">For convenience, this package is pre-installed on the edge node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-148">For convenience, this package is pre-installed on the edge node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-149">Next, use the facilities in Machine Learning to create a user interface for the web service, and then call the web service as needed for scoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-149">Next, use the facilities in Machine Learning to create a user interface for the web service, and then call the web service as needed for scoring.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-150">If you choose this option, you’ll need to convert any ScaleR model objects to equivalent open-source model objects for use with the web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-150">If you choose this option, you’ll need to convert any ScaleR model objects to equivalent open-source model objects for use with the web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-151">This can be done through the use of ScaleR coercion functions, such as `as.randomForest()` for ensemble-based models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-151">This can be done through the use of ScaleR coercion functions, such as `as.randomForest()` for ensemble-based models.</span></span>

### <a name="score-on-premises"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-152">Score on-premises</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-152">Score on-premises</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-153">To score on-premises after creating your model, you can serialize the model in R, download it, de-serialize it, and then use it for scoring new data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-153">To score on-premises after creating your model, you can serialize the model in R, download it, de-serialize it, and then use it for scoring new data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-154">You can score new data by using the approach described earlier in [Scoring in HDInsight](#scoring-in-hdinsight) or by using [DeployR](https://deployr.revolutionanalytics.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-154">You can score new data by using the approach described earlier in [Scoring in HDInsight](#scoring-in-hdinsight) or by using [DeployR](https://deployr.revolutionanalytics.com/).</span></span>

## <a name="maintain-the-cluster"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-155">Maintain the cluster</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-155">Maintain the cluster</span></span>
### <a name="install-and-maintain-r-packages"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-156">Install and maintain R packages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-156">Install and maintain R packages</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-157">Most of the R packages that you use will be required on the edge node since most steps of your R scripts will run there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-157">Most of the R packages that you use will be required on the edge node since most steps of your R scripts will run there.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-158">To install additional R packages on the edge node, you can use the usual `install.packages()` method in R.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-158">To install additional R packages on the edge node, you can use the usual `install.packages()` method in R.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-159">In most cases, you won't need to install additional R packages on the data nodes if you are just using routines from the ScaleR library across the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-159">In most cases, you won't need to install additional R packages on the data nodes if you are just using routines from the ScaleR library across the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-160">However, you might need additional packages to support use of **rxExec** or **RxDataStep** execution on the data nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-160">However, you might need additional packages to support use of **rxExec** or **RxDataStep** execution on the data nodes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-161">In these cases, the additional packages can be installed through use of a script action after you create the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-161">In these cases, the additional packages can be installed through use of a script action after you create the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-162">For more information, see [Creating an HDInsight cluster with R Server](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-162">For more information, see [Creating an HDInsight cluster with R Server](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-get-started.md).</span></span>   

### <a name="change-hadoop-map-reduce-memory-settings"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-163">Change Hadoop Map Reduce memory settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-163">Change Hadoop Map Reduce memory settings</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-164">A cluster can be modified to change the amount of memory that's available to R Server when it's running a Map Reduce job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-164">A cluster can be modified to change the amount of memory that's available to R Server when it's running a Map Reduce job.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-165">To modify a cluster, use the Apache Ambari UI that's available through the Azure portal blade for your cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-165">To modify a cluster, use the Apache Ambari UI that's available through the Azure portal blade for your cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-166">For instructions about how to access the Ambari UI for your cluster, see [Manage HDInsight clusters using the Ambari Web UI](hdinsight-hadoop-manage-ambari.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-166">For instructions about how to access the Ambari UI for your cluster, see [Manage HDInsight clusters using the Ambari Web UI](hdinsight-hadoop-manage-ambari.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-167">It's also possible to change the amount of memory that's available to R Server by using Hadoop switches in the call to **RxHadoopMR** as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-167">It's also possible to change the amount of memory that's available to R Server by using Hadoop switches in the call to **RxHadoopMR** as follows:</span></span>

    hadoopSwitches = "-libjars /etc/hadoop/conf -Dmapred.job.map.memory.mb=6656"  

### <a name="scale-your-cluster"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-168">Scale your cluster</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-168">Scale your cluster</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-169">An existing cluster can be scaled up or down through the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-169">An existing cluster can be scaled up or down through the portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-170">By scaling, you can gain the additional capacity that you might need for larger processing tasks, or you can scale back a cluster when it is idle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-170">By scaling, you can gain the additional capacity that you might need for larger processing tasks, or you can scale back a cluster when it is idle.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-171">For instructions about how to scale a cluster, see [Manage HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-administer-use-portal-linux.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-171">For instructions about how to scale a cluster, see [Manage HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-administer-use-portal-linux.md).</span></span>

### <a name="maintain-the-system"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-172">Maintain the system</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-172">Maintain the system</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-173">Maintenance is performed on the underlying Linux VMs in an HDInsight cluster during off-hours to apply OS patches and other updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-173">Maintenance is performed on the underlying Linux VMs in an HDInsight cluster during off-hours to apply OS patches and other updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-174">Typically, maintenance is done at 3:30 AM (based on the local time for the VM) every Monday and Thursday.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-174">Typically, maintenance is done at 3:30 AM (based on the local time for the VM) every Monday and Thursday.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-175">Updates are performed in such a way that they don't impact more than a quarter of the cluster at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-175">Updates are performed in such a way that they don't impact more than a quarter of the cluster at a time.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-176">Since the head nodes are redundant and not all data nodes are impacted, any jobs that are running during this time might slow down.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-176">Since the head nodes are redundant and not all data nodes are impacted, any jobs that are running during this time might slow down.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-177">They should still run to completion, however.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-177">They should still run to completion, however.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-178">Any custom software or local data that you have is preserved across these maintenance events unless a catastrophic failure occurs that requires a cluster rebuild.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-178">Any custom software or local data that you have is preserved across these maintenance events unless a catastrophic failure occurs that requires a cluster rebuild.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-about-ide-options-for-r-server-on-an-hdinsight-cluster"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-179">Learn about IDE options for R Server on an HDInsight cluster</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-179">Learn about IDE options for R Server on an HDInsight cluster</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-180">The Linux edge node of an HDInsight cluster is the landing zone for R-based analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-180">The Linux edge node of an HDInsight cluster is the landing zone for R-based analysis.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="725ce-181">Recent versions of HDInsight provide a default option for installing the community version of [RStudio Server](https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio-server/) on the edge node as a browser-based IDE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-181">Recent versions of HDInsight provide a default option for installing the community version of [RStudio Server](https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio-server/) on the edge node as a browser-based IDE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-182">Use of RStudio Server as an IDE for the development and execution of R scripts can be considerably more productive than just using the R console.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-182">Use of RStudio Server as an IDE for the development and execution of R scripts can be considerably more productive than just using the R console.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-183">If you chose not to add RStudio Server when creating the cluster but would like to add it later then see [Installing R Studio Server on HDInsight clusters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-install-r-studio).+</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-183">If you chose not to add RStudio Server when creating the cluster but would like to add it later then see [Installing R Studio Server on HDInsight clusters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-install-r-studio).+</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-184">Another full IDE option is to install a desktop IDE such as Microsoft’s recently announced [R Tools for Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/features/rtvs-vs.aspx) (RTVS), RStudio, or Walware’s Eclipse-based [StatET](http://www.walware.de/goto/statet) and access the cluster through use of a remote Map Reduce or Spark compute context.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-184">Another full IDE option is to install a desktop IDE such as Microsoft’s recently announced [R Tools for Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/features/rtvs-vs.aspx) (RTVS), RStudio, or Walware’s Eclipse-based [StatET](http://www.walware.de/goto/statet) and access the cluster through use of a remote Map Reduce or Spark compute context.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="725ce-185">Lastly, you can simply access the R Server console on the edge node by typing **R** at the Linux command prompt after connecting via SSH or PuTY.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-185">Lastly, you can simply access the R Server console on the edge node by typing **R** at the Linux command prompt after connecting via SSH or PuTY.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-186">Use of the console interface is enhanced if you run a text editor for R script development in another window, and cut and paste sections of your script into the R console as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-186">Use of the console interface is enhanced if you run a text editor for R script development in another window, and cut and paste sections of your script into the R console as needed.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-about-pricing"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-187">Learn about pricing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-187">Learn about pricing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-188">The fees that are associated with an HDInsight cluster with R Server are structured similarly to the fees for the standard HDInsight clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-188">The fees that are associated with an HDInsight cluster with R Server are structured similarly to the fees for the standard HDInsight clusters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-189">They are based on the sizing of the underlying VMs across the name, data, and edge nodes, with the addition of a core-hour uplift.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-189">They are based on the sizing of the underlying VMs across the name, data, and edge nodes, with the addition of a core-hour uplift.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="725ce-190">For more information about HDInsight pricing, and the availability of a 30-day free trial, see [HDInsight pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/hdinsight/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-190">For more information about HDInsight pricing, and the availability of a 30-day free trial, see [HDInsight pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/hdinsight/).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="725ce-191">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-191">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="725ce-192">Follow the links below to read more about how to use R Server with HDInsight clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-192">Follow the links below to read more about how to use R Server with HDInsight clusters.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="725ce-193">Getting started with R Server on HDInsight</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-193">Getting started with R Server on HDInsight</span></span>](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="725ce-194">Add RStudio Server to HDInsight (if not installed during cluster creation)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-194">Add RStudio Server to HDInsight (if not installed during cluster creation)</span></span>](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-install-r-studio.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="725ce-195">Compute context options for R Server on HDInsight</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-195">Compute context options for R Server on HDInsight</span></span>](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-compute-contexts.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="725ce-196">Azure Storage options for R Server on HDInsight</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="725ce-196">Azure Storage options for R Server on HDInsight</span></span>](hdinsight-hadoop-r-server-storage.md)
