---
title: Cluster capacity planning in Azure HDInsight
description: How to specify an HDInsight cluster for capacity and performance.
services: hdinsight
author: maxluk
ms.reviewer: jasonh
ms.service: hdinsight
ms.custom: hdinsightactive
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 09/22/2017
ms.author: maxluk
ms.openlocfilehash: 4438cff0dcf5e896f39729d9871d4deb3207b4b8
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44968438"
---
# <a name="capacity-planning-for-hdinsight-clusters"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-103">Capacity planning for HDInsight clusters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-103">Capacity planning for HDInsight clusters</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-104">Before deploying an HDInsight cluster, plan for the desired cluster capacity by determining the needed performance and scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-104">Before deploying an HDInsight cluster, plan for the desired cluster capacity by determining the needed performance and scale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-105">This planning helps optimize both usability and costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-105">This planning helps optimize both usability and costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-106">Some cluster capacity decisions cannot be changed after deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-106">Some cluster capacity decisions cannot be changed after deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-107">If the performance parameters change, a cluster can be dismantled and re-created without losing stored data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-107">If the performance parameters change, a cluster can be dismantled and re-created without losing stored data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-108">The key questions to ask for capacity planning are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-108">The key questions to ask for capacity planning are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-109">In which geographic region should you deploy your cluster?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-109">In which geographic region should you deploy your cluster?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-110">How much storage do you need?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-110">How much storage do you need?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-111">What cluster type should you deploy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-111">What cluster type should you deploy?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-112">What size and type of virtual machine (VM) should your cluster nodes use?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-112">What size and type of virtual machine (VM) should your cluster nodes use?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-113">How many worker nodes should your cluster have?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-113">How many worker nodes should your cluster have?</span></span>

## <a name="choose-an-azure-region"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-114">Choose an Azure region</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-114">Choose an Azure region</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-115">The Azure region determines where your cluster is physically provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-115">The Azure region determines where your cluster is physically provisioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-116">To minimize the latency of reads and writes, the cluster should be near your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-116">To minimize the latency of reads and writes, the cluster should be near your data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-117">HDInsight is available in many Azure regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-117">HDInsight is available in many Azure regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-118">To find the closest region, see the *HDInsight Linux* entry under *Data + Analytics* in [Azure Products Available by Region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-118">To find the closest region, see the *HDInsight Linux* entry under *Data + Analytics* in [Azure Products Available by Region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/).</span></span>

## <a name="choose-storage-location-and-size"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-119">Choose storage location and size</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-119">Choose storage location and size</span></span>

### <a name="location-of-default-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-120">Location of default storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-120">Location of default storage</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-121">The default storage, either an Azure Storage account or Azure Data Lake Store, must be in the same location as your cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-121">The default storage, either an Azure Storage account or Azure Data Lake Store, must be in the same location as your cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-122">Azure Storage is available at all locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-122">Azure Storage is available at all locations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-123">Data Lake Store is available in some regions - see the current Data Lake Store availability under *Storage* in [Azure Products Available by Region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-123">Data Lake Store is available in some regions - see the current Data Lake Store availability under *Storage* in [Azure Products Available by Region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/).</span></span>

### <a name="location-of-existing-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-124">Location of existing data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-124">Location of existing data</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-125">If you already have a storage account or Data Lake Store containing your data and want to use this storage as your cluster's default storage, then you must deploy your cluster at that same location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-125">If you already have a storage account or Data Lake Store containing your data and want to use this storage as your cluster's default storage, then you must deploy your cluster at that same location.</span></span>

### <a name="storage-size"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-126">Storage size</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-126">Storage size</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-127">After you have an HDInsight cluster deployed, you can attach additional Azure Storage accounts or access other Data Lake Stores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-127">After you have an HDInsight cluster deployed, you can attach additional Azure Storage accounts or access other Data Lake Stores.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-128">All your storage accounts must reside in the same location as your cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-128">All your storage accounts must reside in the same location as your cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-129">A Data Lake Store can be in a different location, although this may introduce some data read/write latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-129">A Data Lake Store can be in a different location, although this may introduce some data read/write latency.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-130">Azure Storage has some [capacity limits](../azure-subscription-service-limits.md#storage-limits), while  Data Lake Store is virtually unlimited.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-130">Azure Storage has some [capacity limits](../azure-subscription-service-limits.md#storage-limits), while  Data Lake Store is virtually unlimited.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-131">A cluster can access a combination of different storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-131">A cluster can access a combination of different storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-132">Typical examples include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-132">Typical examples include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-133">When the amount of data is likely to exceed the storage capacity of a single blob storage container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-133">When the amount of data is likely to exceed the storage capacity of a single blob storage container.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-134">When the rate of access to the blob container might exceed the threshold where throttling occurs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-134">When the rate of access to the blob container might exceed the threshold where throttling occurs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-135">When you want to make data, you have already uploaded to a blob container available to the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-135">When you want to make data, you have already uploaded to a blob container available to the cluster.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-136">When you want to isolate different parts of the storage for reasons of security, or to simplify administration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-136">When you want to isolate different parts of the storage for reasons of security, or to simplify administration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-137">For a 48-node cluster we recommend 4 to 8 storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-137">For a 48-node cluster we recommend 4 to 8 storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-138">Although there may already be sufficient total storage, each storage account provides additional networking bandwidth for the compute nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-138">Although there may already be sufficient total storage, each storage account provides additional networking bandwidth for the compute nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-139">When you have multiple storage accounts, use a random name for each storage account, without a prefix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-139">When you have multiple storage accounts, use a random name for each storage account, without a prefix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-140">The purpose of random naming is reducing the chance of storage bottlenecks (throttling) or common-mode failures across all accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-140">The purpose of random naming is reducing the chance of storage bottlenecks (throttling) or common-mode failures across all accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-141">For better performance, use only one container per storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-141">For better performance, use only one container per storage account.</span></span>

## <a name="choose-a-cluster-type"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-142">Choose a cluster type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-142">Choose a cluster type</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-143">The cluster type determines the workload your HDInsight cluster is configured to run, such as Hadoop, Storm, Kafka, or Spark.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-143">The cluster type determines the workload your HDInsight cluster is configured to run, such as Hadoop, Storm, Kafka, or Spark.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-144">For a detailed description of the available cluster types, see [Introduction to Azure HDInsight](hadoop/apache-hadoop-introduction.md#cluster-types-in-hdinsight).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-144">For a detailed description of the available cluster types, see [Introduction to Azure HDInsight](hadoop/apache-hadoop-introduction.md#cluster-types-in-hdinsight).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-145">Each cluster type has a specific deployment topology that includes requirements for the size and number of nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-145">Each cluster type has a specific deployment topology that includes requirements for the size and number of nodes.</span></span>

## <a name="choose-the-vm-size-and-type"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-146">Choose the VM size and type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-146">Choose the VM size and type</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-147">Each cluster type has a set of node types, and each node type has specific options for their VM size and type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-147">Each cluster type has a set of node types, and each node type has specific options for their VM size and type.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-148">To determine the optimal cluster size for your application, you can benchmark cluster capacity and increase the size as indicated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-148">To determine the optimal cluster size for your application, you can benchmark cluster capacity and increase the size as indicated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-149">For example, you can use a simulated workload, or a *canary query*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-149">For example, you can use a simulated workload, or a *canary query*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-150">With a simulated workload, you run your expected workloads on different size clusters, gradually increasing the size until the desired performance is reached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-150">With a simulated workload, you run your expected workloads on different size clusters, gradually increasing the size until the desired performance is reached.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-151">A canary query can be inserted periodically among the other production queries to show whether or not the cluster has enough resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-151">A canary query can be inserted periodically among the other production queries to show whether or not the cluster has enough resources.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-152">The VM size and type is determined by CPU processing power, RAM size, and network latency:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-152">The VM size and type is determined by CPU processing power, RAM size, and network latency:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-153">CPU: The VM size dictates the number of cores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-153">CPU: The VM size dictates the number of cores.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-154">The more cores, the greater the degree of parallel computation each node can achieve.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-154">The more cores, the greater the degree of parallel computation each node can achieve.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-155">Also, some VM types have faster cores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-155">Also, some VM types have faster cores.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-156">RAM: The VM size also dictates the amount of RAM available in the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-156">RAM: The VM size also dictates the amount of RAM available in the VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-157">For workloads that store data in memory for processing, rather than reading from disk, ensure your worker nodes have enough memory to fit the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-157">For workloads that store data in memory for processing, rather than reading from disk, ensure your worker nodes have enough memory to fit the data.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-158">Network: For most cluster types, the data processed by the cluster is not on local disk, but rather in an external storage service such as Data Lake Store or Azure Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-158">Network: For most cluster types, the data processed by the cluster is not on local disk, but rather in an external storage service such as Data Lake Store or Azure Storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-159">Consider the network bandwidth and throughput between the node VM and the storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-159">Consider the network bandwidth and throughput between the node VM and the storage service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-160">The network bandwidth available to a VM typically increases with larger sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-160">The network bandwidth available to a VM typically increases with larger sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-161">For details, see [VM sizes overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/linux/sizes).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-161">For details, see [VM sizes overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/linux/sizes).</span></span>

## <a name="choose-the-cluster-scale"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-162">Choose the cluster scale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-162">Choose the cluster scale</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-163">A cluster's scale is determined by the quantity of its VM nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-163">A cluster's scale is determined by the quantity of its VM nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-164">For all cluster types, there are node types that have a specific scale, and node types that support scale-out. For example, a cluster may  require exactly three ZooKeeper nodes or two Head nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-164">For all cluster types, there are node types that have a specific scale, and node types that support scale-out. For example, a cluster may  require exactly three ZooKeeper nodes or two Head nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-165">Worker nodes that do data processing in a distributed fashion can benefit from scaling out, by adding additional worker nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-165">Worker nodes that do data processing in a distributed fashion can benefit from scaling out, by adding additional worker nodes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-166">Depending on your cluster type, increasing the number of worker nodes adds additional computational capacity (such as more cores), but may also add to the total amount of memory required for the entire cluster to support in-memory storage of data being processed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-166">Depending on your cluster type, increasing the number of worker nodes adds additional computational capacity (such as more cores), but may also add to the total amount of memory required for the entire cluster to support in-memory storage of data being processed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-167">As with the choice of VM size and type, selecting the right cluster scale is typically reached empirically, using simulated workloads or canary queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-167">As with the choice of VM size and type, selecting the right cluster scale is typically reached empirically, using simulated workloads or canary queries.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-168">You can scale out your cluster to meet peak load demands, then scale it back down when those extra nodes are no longer needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-168">You can scale out your cluster to meet peak load demands, then scale it back down when those extra nodes are no longer needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-169">For more information, see [Scale HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-scaling-best-practices.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-169">For more information, see [Scale HDInsight clusters](hdinsight-scaling-best-practices.md).</span></span>

### <a name="cluster-lifecycle"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-170">Cluster lifecycle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-170">Cluster lifecycle</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-171">You are charged for a cluster's lifetime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-171">You are charged for a cluster's lifetime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-172">If there are only specific times that you need your cluster up and running, you can [create on-demand clusters using Azure Data Factory](hdinsight-hadoop-create-linux-clusters-adf.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-172">If there are only specific times that you need your cluster up and running, you can [create on-demand clusters using Azure Data Factory](hdinsight-hadoop-create-linux-clusters-adf.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-173">You can also create PowerShell scripts that provision and delete your cluster, and then schedule those scripts using [Azure Automation](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/automation/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-173">You can also create PowerShell scripts that provision and delete your cluster, and then schedule those scripts using [Azure Automation](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/automation/).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-174">When a cluster is deleted, its default Hive metastore is also deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-174">When a cluster is deleted, its default Hive metastore is also deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-175">To persist the metastore for the next cluster re-creation, use an external metadata store such as Azure Database or Oozie.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-175">To persist the metastore for the next cluster re-creation, use an external metadata store such as Azure Database or Oozie.</span></span>
<!-- see [Using external metadata stores](hdinsight-using-external-metadata-stores.md). -->

### <a name="isolate-cluster-job-errors"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-176">Isolate cluster job errors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-176">Isolate cluster job errors</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-177">Sometimes errors can occur due to the parallel execution of multiple map and reduce components on a multi-node cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-177">Sometimes errors can occur due to the parallel execution of multiple map and reduce components on a multi-node cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-178">To help isolate the issue, try distributed testing by running concurrent multiple jobs on a single-node cluster, then expand this approach to run multiple jobs concurrently on clusters containing more than one node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-178">To help isolate the issue, try distributed testing by running concurrent multiple jobs on a single-node cluster, then expand this approach to run multiple jobs concurrently on clusters containing more than one node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-179">To create a single-node HDInsight cluster in Azure, use the *advanced* option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-179">To create a single-node HDInsight cluster in Azure, use the *advanced* option.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-180">You can also install a single-node development environment on your local computer and test the solution there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-180">You can also install a single-node development environment on your local computer and test the solution there.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-181">Hortonworks provides a single-node local development environment for Hadoop-based solutions that is useful for initial development, proof of concept, and testing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-181">Hortonworks provides a single-node local development environment for Hadoop-based solutions that is useful for initial development, proof of concept, and testing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-182">For more information, see [Hortonworks Sandbox](http://hortonworks.com/products/hortonworks-sandbox/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-182">For more information, see [Hortonworks Sandbox](http://hortonworks.com/products/hortonworks-sandbox/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-183">To identify the issue on a single-node local cluster you can re-run failed jobs and adjust the input data, or use smaller datasets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-183">To identify the issue on a single-node local cluster you can re-run failed jobs and adjust the input data, or use smaller datasets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-184">How you run those jobs depends on the platform and type of application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-184">How you run those jobs depends on the platform and type of application.</span></span>

## <a name="quotas"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-185">Quotas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-185">Quotas</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-186">After determining your target cluster VM size, scale, and type, check the current quota capacity limits of your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-186">After determining your target cluster VM size, scale, and type, check the current quota capacity limits of your subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-187">When you reach a quota limit, you may not be able to deploy new clusters, or scale out existing clusters by adding more worker nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-187">When you reach a quota limit, you may not be able to deploy new clusters, or scale out existing clusters by adding more worker nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-188">The most common quota limit reached is the CPU Cores quota that exists at the subscription, region, and VM series levels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-188">The most common quota limit reached is the CPU Cores quota that exists at the subscription, region, and VM series levels.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-189">For example, your subscription may have a 200 core total limit, with a 30 core limit in your region, and a 30 core limit on VM instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-189">For example, your subscription may have a 200 core total limit, with a 30 core limit in your region, and a 30 core limit on VM instances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-190">You can [contact support to request a quota increase](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-supportability/resource-manager-core-quotas-request).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-190">You can [contact support to request a quota increase](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-supportability/resource-manager-core-quotas-request).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b12bd-191">However, there are some fixed quota limits, for example a single Azure subscription can have at most 10,000 cores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-191">However, there are some fixed quota limits, for example a single Azure subscription can have at most 10,000 cores.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-192">For details on these limits, see [Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-subscription-service-limits#limits-and-the-azure-resource-manager).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-192">For details on these limits, see [Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-subscription-service-limits#limits-and-the-azure-resource-manager).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="b12bd-193">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-193">Next steps</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-194">[Set up clusters in HDInsight with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and more](hdinsight-hadoop-provision-linux-clusters.md): Learn how to set up and configure clusters in HDInsight with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Interactive Hive, HBase, ML Services, or Storm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-194">[Set up clusters in HDInsight with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and more](hdinsight-hadoop-provision-linux-clusters.md): Learn how to set up and configure clusters in HDInsight with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Interactive Hive, HBase, ML Services, or Storm.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b12bd-195">[Monitor cluster performance](hdinsight-key-scenarios-to-monitor.md): Learn about key scenarios to monitor for your HDInsight cluster that might affect your cluster's capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b12bd-195">[Monitor cluster performance](hdinsight-key-scenarios-to-monitor.md): Learn about key scenarios to monitor for your HDInsight cluster that might affect your cluster's capacity.</span></span>
