---
title: Managing Concurrency in Microsoft Azure Storage
description: How to manage concurrency for the Blob, Queue, Table, and File services
services: storage
documentationcenter: ''
author: jasonnewyork
manager: tadb
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: cc6429c4-23ee-46e3-b22d-50dd68bd4680
ms.service: storage
ms.workload: storage
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/28/2017
ms.author: jahogg
ms.openlocfilehash: b5b8346c6a645ae18fd0c23a8956274f764710e0
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44563579"
---
# <a name="managing-concurrency-in-microsoft-azure-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-103">Managing Concurrency in Microsoft Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-103">Managing Concurrency in Microsoft Azure Storage</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-105">Modern Internet based applications usually have multiple users viewing and updating data simultaneously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-105">Modern Internet based applications usually have multiple users viewing and updating data simultaneously.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-106">This requires application developers to think carefully about how to provide a predictable experience to their end users, particularly for scenarios where multiple users can update the same data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-106">This requires application developers to think carefully about how to provide a predictable experience to their end users, particularly for scenarios where multiple users can update the same data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-107">There are three main data concurrency strategies developers will typically consider:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-107">There are three main data concurrency strategies developers will typically consider:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="64377-108">Optimistic concurrency – An application performing an update will as part of its update verify if the data has changed since the application last read that data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-108">Optimistic concurrency – An application performing an update will as part of its update verify if the data has changed since the application last read that data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-109">For example, if two users viewing a wiki page make an update to the same page then the wiki platform must ensure that the second update does not overwrite the first update – and that both users understand whether their update was successful or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-109">For example, if two users viewing a wiki page make an update to the same page then the wiki platform must ensure that the second update does not overwrite the first update – and that both users understand whether their update was successful or not.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-110">This strategy is most often used in web applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-110">This strategy is most often used in web applications.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64377-111">Pessimistic concurrency – An application looking to perform an update will take a lock on an object preventing other users from updating the data until the lock is released.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-111">Pessimistic concurrency – An application looking to perform an update will take a lock on an object preventing other users from updating the data until the lock is released.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-112">For example, in a master/slave data replication scenario where only the master will perform updates the master will typically hold an exclusive lock for an extended period of time on the data to ensure no one else can update it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-112">For example, in a master/slave data replication scenario where only the master will perform updates the master will typically hold an exclusive lock for an extended period of time on the data to ensure no one else can update it.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="64377-113">Last writer wins – An approach that allows any update operations to proceed without verifying if any other application has updated the data since the application first read the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-113">Last writer wins – An approach that allows any update operations to proceed without verifying if any other application has updated the data since the application first read the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-114">This strategy (or lack of a formal strategy) is usually used where data is partitioned in such a way that there is no likelihood that multiple users will access the same data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-114">This strategy (or lack of a formal strategy) is usually used where data is partitioned in such a way that there is no likelihood that multiple users will access the same data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-115">It can also be useful where short-lived data streams are being processed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-115">It can also be useful where short-lived data streams are being processed.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-116">This article provides an overview of how the Azure Storage platform simplifies development by providing first class support for all three of these concurrency strategies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-116">This article provides an overview of how the Azure Storage platform simplifies development by providing first class support for all three of these concurrency strategies.</span></span>  

## <a name="azure-storage--simplifies-cloud-development"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-117">Azure Storage – Simplifies Cloud Development</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-117">Azure Storage – Simplifies Cloud Development</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-118">The Azure storage service supports all three strategies, although it is distinctive in its ability to provide full support for optimistic and pessimistic concurrency because it was designed to embrace a strong consistency model which guarantees that when the Storage service commits a data insert or update operation all further accesses to that data will see the latest update.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-118">The Azure storage service supports all three strategies, although it is distinctive in its ability to provide full support for optimistic and pessimistic concurrency because it was designed to embrace a strong consistency model which guarantees that when the Storage service commits a data insert or update operation all further accesses to that data will see the latest update.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-119">Storage platforms that use an eventual consistency model have a lag between when a write is performed by one user and when the updated data can be seen by other users thus complicating development of client applications in order to prevent inconsistencies from affecting end users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-119">Storage platforms that use an eventual consistency model have a lag between when a write is performed by one user and when the updated data can be seen by other users thus complicating development of client applications in order to prevent inconsistencies from affecting end users.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-120">In addition to selecting an appropriate concurrency strategy developers should also be aware of how a storage platform isolates changes – particularly changes to the same object across transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-120">In addition to selecting an appropriate concurrency strategy developers should also be aware of how a storage platform isolates changes – particularly changes to the same object across transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-121">The Azure storage service uses snapshot isolation to allow read operations to happen concurrently with write operations within a single partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-121">The Azure storage service uses snapshot isolation to allow read operations to happen concurrently with write operations within a single partition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-122">Unlike other isolation levels, snapshot isolation guarantees that all reads see a consistent snapshot of the data even while updates are occurring – essentially by returning the last committed values while an update transaction is being processed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-122">Unlike other isolation levels, snapshot isolation guarantees that all reads see a consistent snapshot of the data even while updates are occurring – essentially by returning the last committed values while an update transaction is being processed.</span></span>  

## <a name="managing-concurrency-in-blob-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-123">Managing Concurrency in Blob storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-123">Managing Concurrency in Blob storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-124">You can opt to use either optimistic or pessimistic concurrency models to manage access to blobs and containers in the blob service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-124">You can opt to use either optimistic or pessimistic concurrency models to manage access to blobs and containers in the blob service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-125">If you do not explicitly specify a strategy last writes wins is the default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-125">If you do not explicitly specify a strategy last writes wins is the default.</span></span>  

### <a name="optimistic-concurrency-for-blobs-and-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-126">Optimistic concurrency for blobs and containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-126">Optimistic concurrency for blobs and containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-127">The Storage service assigns an identifier to every object stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-127">The Storage service assigns an identifier to every object stored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-128">This identifier is updated every time an update operation is performed on an object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-128">This identifier is updated every time an update operation is performed on an object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-129">The identifier is returned to the client as part of an HTTP GET response using the ETag (entity tag) header that is defined within the HTTP protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-129">The identifier is returned to the client as part of an HTTP GET response using the ETag (entity tag) header that is defined within the HTTP protocol.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-130">A user performing an update on such an object can send in the original ETag along with a conditional header to ensure that an update will only occur if a certain condition has been met – in this case the condition is an "If-Match" header which requires the Storage Service to ensure the value of the ETag specified in the update request is the same as that stored in the Storage Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-130">A user performing an update on such an object can send in the original ETag along with a conditional header to ensure that an update will only occur if a certain condition has been met – in this case the condition is an "If-Match" header which requires the Storage Service to ensure the value of the ETag specified in the update request is the same as that stored in the Storage Service.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-131">The outline of this process is as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-131">The outline of this process is as follows:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="64377-132">Retrieve a blob from the storage service, the response includes an HTTP ETag Header value that identifies the current version of the object in the storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-132">Retrieve a blob from the storage service, the response includes an HTTP ETag Header value that identifies the current version of the object in the storage service.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64377-133">When you update the blob, include the ETag value you received in step 1 in the **If-Match** conditional header of the request you send to the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-133">When you update the blob, include the ETag value you received in step 1 in the **If-Match** conditional header of the request you send to the service.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="64377-134">The service compares the ETag value in the request with the current ETag value of the blob.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-134">The service compares the ETag value in the request with the current ETag value of the blob.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="64377-135">If the current ETag value of the blob is a different version than the ETag in the **If-Match** conditional header in the request, the service returns a 412 error to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-135">If the current ETag value of the blob is a different version than the ETag in the **If-Match** conditional header in the request, the service returns a 412 error to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-136">This indicates to the client that another process has updated the blob since the client retrieved it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-136">This indicates to the client that another process has updated the blob since the client retrieved it.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="64377-137">If the current ETag value of the blob is the same version as the ETag in the **If-Match** conditional header in the request, the service performs the requested operation and updates the current ETag value of the blob to show that it has created a new version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-137">If the current ETag value of the blob is the same version as the ETag in the **If-Match** conditional header in the request, the service performs the requested operation and updates the current ETag value of the blob to show that it has created a new version.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-138">The following C# snippet (using the Client Storage Library 4.2.0) shows a simple example of how to construct an **If-Match AccessCondition** based on the ETag value that is accessed from the properties of a blob that was previously either retrieved or inserted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-138">The following C# snippet (using the Client Storage Library 4.2.0) shows a simple example of how to construct an **If-Match AccessCondition** based on the ETag value that is accessed from the properties of a blob that was previously either retrieved or inserted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-139">It then uses the **AccessCondition** object when it updating the blob: the **AccessCondition** object adds the **If-Match** header to the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-139">It then uses the **AccessCondition** object when it updating the blob: the **AccessCondition** object adds the **If-Match** header to the request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-140">If another process has updated the blob, the blob service returns an HTTP 412 (Precondition Failed) status message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-140">If another process has updated the blob, the blob service returns an HTTP 412 (Precondition Failed) status message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-141">You can download the full sample here: [Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Managing-Concurrency-using-56018114).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-141">You can download the full sample here: [Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Managing-Concurrency-using-56018114).</span></span>  

```csharp
// Retrieve the ETag from the newly created blob
// Etag is already populated as UploadText should cause a PUT Blob call
// to storage blob service which returns the etag in response.
string orignalETag = blockBlob.Properties.ETag;

// This code simulates an update by a third party.
string helloText = "Blob updated by a third party.";

// No etag, provided so orignal blob is overwritten (thus generating a new etag)
blockBlob.UploadText(helloText);
Console.WriteLine("Blob updated. Updated ETag = {0}",
blockBlob.Properties.ETag);

// Now try to update the blob using the orignal ETag provided when the blob was created
try
{
    Console.WriteLine("Trying to update blob using orignal etag to generate if-match access condition");
    blockBlob.UploadText(helloText,accessCondition:
    AccessCondition.GenerateIfMatchCondition(orignalETag));
}
catch (StorageException ex)
{
    if (ex.RequestInformation.HttpStatusCode == (int)HttpStatusCode.PreconditionFailed)
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Precondition failure as expected. Blob's orignal etag no longer matches");
        // TODO: client can decide on how it wants to handle the 3rd party updated content.
    }
    else
        throw;
}  
```

<span data-ttu-id="64377-142">The Storage Service also includes support for additional conditional headers such as **If-Modified-Since**, **If-Unmodified-Since** and **If-None-Match** as well as combinations thereof.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-142">The Storage Service also includes support for additional conditional headers such as **If-Modified-Since**, **If-Unmodified-Since** and **If-None-Match** as well as combinations thereof.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-143">For more information see [Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179371.aspx) on MSDN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-143">For more information see [Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179371.aspx) on MSDN.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-144">The following table summarizes the container operations that accept conditional headers such as **If-Match** in the request and that return an ETag value in the response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-144">The following table summarizes the container operations that accept conditional headers such as **If-Match** in the request and that return an ETag value in the response.</span></span>  

| <span data-ttu-id="64377-145">Operation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-145">Operation</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="64377-146">Returns Container ETag value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-146">Returns Container ETag value</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="64377-147">Accepts conditional headers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-147">Accepts conditional headers</span></span> |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-148">Create Container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-148">Create Container</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-149">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-149">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-150">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-150">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-151">Get Container Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-151">Get Container Properties</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-152">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-152">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-153">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-153">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-154">Get Container Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-154">Get Container Metadata</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-155">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-155">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-156">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-156">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-157">Set Container Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-157">Set Container Metadata</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-158">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-158">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-159">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-159">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-160">Get Container ACL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-160">Get Container ACL</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-161">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-161">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-162">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-162">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-163">Set Container ACL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-163">Set Container ACL</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-164">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-164">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-165">Yes (\*)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-165">Yes (\*)</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-166">Delete Container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-166">Delete Container</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-167">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-167">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-168">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-168">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-169">Lease Container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-169">Lease Container</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-170">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-170">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-171">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-171">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-172">List Blobs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-172">List Blobs</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-173">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-173">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-174">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-174">No</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="64377-175">(\*) The permissions defined by SetContainerACL are cached and updates to these permissions take 30 seconds to propagate during which period updates are not guaranteed to be consistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-175">(\*) The permissions defined by SetContainerACL are cached and updates to these permissions take 30 seconds to propagate during which period updates are not guaranteed to be consistent.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-176">The following table summarizes the blob operations that accept conditional headers such as **If-Match** in the request and that return an ETag value in the response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-176">The following table summarizes the blob operations that accept conditional headers such as **If-Match** in the request and that return an ETag value in the response.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="64377-177">Operation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-177">Operation</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="64377-178">Returns ETag value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-178">Returns ETag value</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="64377-179">Accepts conditional headers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-179">Accepts conditional headers</span></span> |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-180">Put Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-180">Put Blob</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-181">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-181">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-182">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-182">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-183">Get Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-183">Get Blob</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-184">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-184">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-185">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-185">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-186">Get Blob Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-186">Get Blob Properties</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-187">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-187">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-188">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-188">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-189">Set Blob Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-189">Set Blob Properties</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-190">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-190">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-191">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-191">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-192">Get Blob Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-192">Get Blob Metadata</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-193">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-193">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-194">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-194">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-195">Set Blob Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-195">Set Blob Metadata</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-196">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-196">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-197">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-197">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-198">Lease Blob (\*)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-198">Lease Blob (\*)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-199">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-199">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-200">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-200">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-201">Snapshot Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-201">Snapshot Blob</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-202">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-202">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-203">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-203">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-204">Copy Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-204">Copy Blob</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-205">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-205">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-206">Yes (for source and destination blob)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-206">Yes (for source and destination blob)</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-207">Abort Copy Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-207">Abort Copy Blob</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-208">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-208">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-209">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-209">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-210">Delete Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-210">Delete Blob</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-211">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-211">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-212">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-212">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-213">Put Block</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-213">Put Block</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-214">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-214">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-215">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-215">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-216">Put Block List</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-216">Put Block List</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-217">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-217">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-218">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-218">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-219">Get Block List</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-219">Get Block List</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-220">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-220">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-221">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-221">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-222">Put Page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-222">Put Page</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-223">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-223">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-224">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-224">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-225">Get Page Ranges</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-225">Get Page Ranges</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-226">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-226">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-227">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-227">Yes</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="64377-228">(\*) Lease Blob does not change the ETag on a blob.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-228">(\*) Lease Blob does not change the ETag on a blob.</span></span>  

### <a name="pessimistic-concurrency-for-blobs"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-229">Pessimistic concurrency for blobs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-229">Pessimistic concurrency for blobs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-230">To lock a blob for exclusive use, you can acquire a [lease](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee691972.aspx) on it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-230">To lock a blob for exclusive use, you can acquire a [lease](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee691972.aspx) on it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-231">When you acquire a lease, you specify for how long you need the lease: this can be for between 15 to 60 seconds or infinite which amounts to an exclusive lock.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-231">When you acquire a lease, you specify for how long you need the lease: this can be for between 15 to 60 seconds or infinite which amounts to an exclusive lock.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-232">You can renew a finite lease to extend it, and you can release any lease when you are finished with it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-232">You can renew a finite lease to extend it, and you can release any lease when you are finished with it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-233">The blob service automatically releases finite leases when they expire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-233">The blob service automatically releases finite leases when they expire.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-234">Leases enable different synchronization strategies to be supported, including exclusive write / shared read, exclusive write / exclusive read and shared write / exclusive read.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-234">Leases enable different synchronization strategies to be supported, including exclusive write / shared read, exclusive write / exclusive read and shared write / exclusive read.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-235">Where a lease exists the storage service enforces exclusive writes (put, set and delete operations) however ensuring exclusivity for read operations requires the developer to ensure that all client applications use a lease ID and that only one client at a time has a valid lease ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-235">Where a lease exists the storage service enforces exclusive writes (put, set and delete operations) however ensuring exclusivity for read operations requires the developer to ensure that all client applications use a lease ID and that only one client at a time has a valid lease ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-236">Read operations that do not include a lease ID result in shared reads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-236">Read operations that do not include a lease ID result in shared reads.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-237">The following C# snippet shows an example of acquiring an exclusive lease for 30 seconds on a blob, updating the content of the blob, and then releasing the lease.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-237">The following C# snippet shows an example of acquiring an exclusive lease for 30 seconds on a blob, updating the content of the blob, and then releasing the lease.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-238">If there is already a valid lease on the blob when you try to acquire a new lease, the blob service returns an "HTTP (409) Conflict" status result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-238">If there is already a valid lease on the blob when you try to acquire a new lease, the blob service returns an "HTTP (409) Conflict" status result.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-239">The snippet below uses an **AccessCondition** object to encapsulate the lease information when it makes a request to update the blob in the storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-239">The snippet below uses an **AccessCondition** object to encapsulate the lease information when it makes a request to update the blob in the storage service.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="64377-240">You can download the full sample here: [Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Managing-Concurrency-using-56018114).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-240">You can download the full sample here: [Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Managing-Concurrency-using-56018114).</span></span>

```csharp
// Acquire lease for 15 seconds
string lease = blockBlob.AcquireLease(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(15), null);
Console.WriteLine("Blob lease acquired. Lease = {0}", lease);

// Update blob using lease. This operation will succeed
const string helloText = "Blob updated";
var accessCondition = AccessCondition.GenerateLeaseCondition(lease);
blockBlob.UploadText(helloText, accessCondition: accessCondition);
Console.WriteLine("Blob updated using an exclusive lease");

//Simulate third party update to blob without lease
try
{
    // Below operation will fail as no valid lease provided
    Console.WriteLine("Trying to update blob without valid lease");
    blockBlob.UploadText("Update without lease, will fail");
}
catch (StorageException ex)
{
    if (ex.RequestInformation.HttpStatusCode == (int)HttpStatusCode.PreconditionFailed)
        Console.WriteLine("Precondition failure as expected. Blob's lease does not match");
    else
        throw;
}  
```

<span data-ttu-id="64377-241">If you attempt a write operation on a leased blob without passing the lease ID, the request fails with a 412 error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-241">If you attempt a write operation on a leased blob without passing the lease ID, the request fails with a 412 error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-242">Note that if the lease expires before calling the **UploadText** method but you still pass the lease ID, the request also fails with a **412** error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-242">Note that if the lease expires before calling the **UploadText** method but you still pass the lease ID, the request also fails with a **412** error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-243">For more information about managing lease expiry times and lease ids, see the [Lease Blob](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee691972.aspx) REST documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-243">For more information about managing lease expiry times and lease ids, see the [Lease Blob](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee691972.aspx) REST documentation.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-244">The following blob operations can use leases to manage pessimistic concurrency:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-244">The following blob operations can use leases to manage pessimistic concurrency:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="64377-245">Put Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-245">Put Blob</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-246">Get Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-246">Get Blob</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-247">Get Blob Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-247">Get Blob Properties</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-248">Set Blob Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-248">Set Blob Properties</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-249">Get Blob Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-249">Get Blob Metadata</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-250">Set Blob Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-250">Set Blob Metadata</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-251">Delete Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-251">Delete Blob</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-252">Put Block</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-252">Put Block</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-253">Put Block List</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-253">Put Block List</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-254">Get Block List</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-254">Get Block List</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-255">Put Page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-255">Put Page</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-256">Get Page Ranges</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-256">Get Page Ranges</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-257">Snapshot Blob - lease ID optional if a lease exists</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-257">Snapshot Blob - lease ID optional if a lease exists</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-258">Copy Blob - lease ID required if a lease exists on the destination blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-258">Copy Blob - lease ID required if a lease exists on the destination blob</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-259">Abort Copy Blob - lease ID required if an infinite lease exists on the destination blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-259">Abort Copy Blob - lease ID required if an infinite lease exists on the destination blob</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-260">Lease Blob</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-260">Lease Blob</span></span>  

### <a name="pessimistic-concurrency-for-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-261">Pessimistic concurrency for containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-261">Pessimistic concurrency for containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-262">Leases on containers enable the same synchronization strategies to be supported as on blobs (exclusive write / shared read, exclusive write / exclusive read and shared write / exclusive read) however unlike blobs the storage service only enforces exclusivity on delete operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-262">Leases on containers enable the same synchronization strategies to be supported as on blobs (exclusive write / shared read, exclusive write / exclusive read and shared write / exclusive read) however unlike blobs the storage service only enforces exclusivity on delete operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-263">To delete a container with an active lease, a client must include the active lease ID with the delete request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-263">To delete a container with an active lease, a client must include the active lease ID with the delete request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-264">All other container operations succeed on a leased container without including the lease ID in which case they are shared operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-264">All other container operations succeed on a leased container without including the lease ID in which case they are shared operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-265">If exclusivity of update (put or set) or read operations is required then developers should ensure all clients use a lease ID and that only one client at a time has a valid lease ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-265">If exclusivity of update (put or set) or read operations is required then developers should ensure all clients use a lease ID and that only one client at a time has a valid lease ID.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-266">The following container operations can use leases to manage pessimistic concurrency:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-266">The following container operations can use leases to manage pessimistic concurrency:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="64377-267">Delete Container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-267">Delete Container</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-268">Get Container Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-268">Get Container Properties</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-269">Get Container Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-269">Get Container Metadata</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-270">Set Container Metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-270">Set Container Metadata</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-271">Get Container ACL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-271">Get Container ACL</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-272">Set Container ACL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-272">Set Container ACL</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-273">Lease Container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-273">Lease Container</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-274">For more information see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-274">For more information see:</span></span>  

* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-275">Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-275">Specifying Conditional Headers for Blob Service Operations</span></span>](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179371.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-276">Lease Container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-276">Lease Container</span></span>](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/jj159103.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-277">Lease Blob </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-277">Lease Blob </span></span>](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee691972.aspx)

## <a name="managing-concurrency-in-the-table-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-278">Managing Concurrency in the Table Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-278">Managing Concurrency in the Table Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-279">The table service uses optimistic concurrency checks as the default behavior when you are working with entities, unlike the blob service where you must explicitly choose to perform optimistic concurrency checks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-279">The table service uses optimistic concurrency checks as the default behavior when you are working with entities, unlike the blob service where you must explicitly choose to perform optimistic concurrency checks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-280">The other difference between the table and blob services is that you can only manage the concurrency behavior of entities whereas with the blob service you can manage the concurrency of both containers and blobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-280">The other difference between the table and blob services is that you can only manage the concurrency behavior of entities whereas with the blob service you can manage the concurrency of both containers and blobs.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-281">To use optimistic concurrency and to check if another process modified an entity since you retrieved it from the table storage service, you can use the ETag value you receive when the table service returns an entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-281">To use optimistic concurrency and to check if another process modified an entity since you retrieved it from the table storage service, you can use the ETag value you receive when the table service returns an entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-282">The outline of this process is as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-282">The outline of this process is as follows:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="64377-283">Retrieve an entity from the table storage service, the response includes an ETag value that identifies the current identifier associated with that entity in the storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-283">Retrieve an entity from the table storage service, the response includes an ETag value that identifies the current identifier associated with that entity in the storage service.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64377-284">When you update the entity, include the ETag value you received in step 1 in the mandatory **If-Match** header of the request you send to the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-284">When you update the entity, include the ETag value you received in step 1 in the mandatory **If-Match** header of the request you send to the service.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="64377-285">The service compares the ETag value in the request with the current ETag value of the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-285">The service compares the ETag value in the request with the current ETag value of the entity.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="64377-286">If the current ETag value of the entity is different than the ETag in the mandatory **If-Match** header in the request, the service returns a 412 error to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-286">If the current ETag value of the entity is different than the ETag in the mandatory **If-Match** header in the request, the service returns a 412 error to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-287">This indicates to the client that another process has updated the entity since the client retrieved it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-287">This indicates to the client that another process has updated the entity since the client retrieved it.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="64377-288">If the current ETag value of the entity is the same as the ETag in the mandatory **If-Match** header in the request or the **If-Match** header contains the wildcard character (\*), the service performs the requested operation and updates the current ETag value of the entity to show that it has been updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-288">If the current ETag value of the entity is the same as the ETag in the mandatory **If-Match** header in the request or the **If-Match** header contains the wildcard character (\*), the service performs the requested operation and updates the current ETag value of the entity to show that it has been updated.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-289">Note that unlike the blob service, the table service requires the client to include an **If-Match** header in update requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-289">Note that unlike the blob service, the table service requires the client to include an **If-Match** header in update requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-290">However, it is possible to force an unconditional update (last writer wins strategy) and bypass concurrency checks if the client sets the **If-Match** header to the wildcard character (\*) in the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-290">However, it is possible to force an unconditional update (last writer wins strategy) and bypass concurrency checks if the client sets the **If-Match** header to the wildcard character (\*) in the request.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-291">The following C# snippet shows a customer entity that was previously either created or retrieved having their email address updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-291">The following C# snippet shows a customer entity that was previously either created or retrieved having their email address updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-292">The initial insert or retrieve operation stores the ETag value in the customer object, and because the sample uses the same object instance when it executes the replace operation, it automatically sends the ETag value back to the table service, enabling the service to check for concurrency violations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-292">The initial insert or retrieve operation stores the ETag value in the customer object, and because the sample uses the same object instance when it executes the replace operation, it automatically sends the ETag value back to the table service, enabling the service to check for concurrency violations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-293">If another process has updated the entity in table storage, the service returns an HTTP 412 (Precondition Failed) status message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-293">If another process has updated the entity in table storage, the service returns an HTTP 412 (Precondition Failed) status message.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="64377-294">You can download the full sample here: [Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Managing-Concurrency-using-56018114).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-294">You can download the full sample here: [Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Managing-Concurrency-using-56018114).</span></span>

```csharp
try
{
    customer.Email = "updatedEmail@contoso.org";
    TableOperation replaceCustomer = TableOperation.Replace(customer);
    customerTable.Execute(replaceCustomer);
    Console.WriteLine("Replace operation succeeded.");
}
catch (StorageException ex)
{
    if (ex.RequestInformation.HttpStatusCode == 412)
        Console.WriteLine("Optimistic concurrency violation – entity has changed since it was retrieved.");
    else
        throw;
}  
```

<span data-ttu-id="64377-295">To explicitly disable the concurrency check, you should set the **ETag** property of the **employee** object to "\*" before you execute the replace operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-295">To explicitly disable the concurrency check, you should set the **ETag** property of the **employee** object to "\*" before you execute the replace operation.</span></span>  

```csharp
customer.ETag = "*";  
```

<span data-ttu-id="64377-296">The following table summarizes how the table entity operations use ETag values:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-296">The following table summarizes how the table entity operations use ETag values:</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="64377-297">Operation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-297">Operation</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="64377-298">Returns ETag value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-298">Returns ETag value</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="64377-299">Requires If-Match request header</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-299">Requires If-Match request header</span></span> |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-300">Query Entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-300">Query Entities</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-301">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-301">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-302">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-302">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-303">Insert Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-303">Insert Entity</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-304">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-304">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-305">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-305">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-306">Update Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-306">Update Entity</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-307">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-307">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-308">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-308">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-309">Merge Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-309">Merge Entity</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-310">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-310">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-311">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-311">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-312">Delete Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-312">Delete Entity</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-313">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-313">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-314">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-314">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-315">Insert or Replace Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-315">Insert or Replace Entity</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-316">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-316">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-317">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-317">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="64377-318">Insert or Merge Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-318">Insert or Merge Entity</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-319">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-319">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="64377-320">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-320">No</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="64377-321">Note that the **Insert or Replace Entity** and **Insert or Merge Entity** operations do *not* perform any concurrency checks because they do not send an ETag value to the table service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-321">Note that the **Insert or Replace Entity** and **Insert or Merge Entity** operations do *not* perform any concurrency checks because they do not send an ETag value to the table service.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-322">In general developers using tables should rely on optimistic concurrency when developing scalable applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-322">In general developers using tables should rely on optimistic concurrency when developing scalable applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-323">If pessimistic locking is needed, one approach developers can take when accessing Tables is to assign a designated blob for each table and try to take a lease on the blob before operating on the table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-323">If pessimistic locking is needed, one approach developers can take when accessing Tables is to assign a designated blob for each table and try to take a lease on the blob before operating on the table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-324">This approach does require the application to ensure all data access paths obtain the lease prior to operating on the table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-324">This approach does require the application to ensure all data access paths obtain the lease prior to operating on the table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-325">You should also note that the minimum lease time is 15 seconds which requires careful consideration for scalability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-325">You should also note that the minimum lease time is 15 seconds which requires careful consideration for scalability.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-326">For more information see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-326">For more information see:</span></span>  

* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-327">Operations on Entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-327">Operations on Entities</span></span>](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179375.aspx)  

## <a name="managing-concurrency-in-the-queue-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-328">Managing Concurrency in the Queue Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-328">Managing Concurrency in the Queue Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-329">One scenario in which concurrency is a concern in the queueing service is where multiple clients are retrieving messages from a queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-329">One scenario in which concurrency is a concern in the queueing service is where multiple clients are retrieving messages from a queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-330">When a message is retrieved from the queue, the response includes the message and a pop receipt value, which is required to delete the message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-330">When a message is retrieved from the queue, the response includes the message and a pop receipt value, which is required to delete the message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-331">The message is not automatically deleted from the queue, but after it has been retrieved, it is not visible to other clients for the time interval specified by the visibilitytimeout parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-331">The message is not automatically deleted from the queue, but after it has been retrieved, it is not visible to other clients for the time interval specified by the visibilitytimeout parameter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-332">The client that retrieves the message is expected to delete the message after it has been processed, and before the time specified by the TimeNextVisible element of the response, which is calculated based on the value of the visibilitytimeout parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-332">The client that retrieves the message is expected to delete the message after it has been processed, and before the time specified by the TimeNextVisible element of the response, which is calculated based on the value of the visibilitytimeout parameter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-333">The value of visibilitytimeout is added to the time at which the message is retrieved to determine the value of TimeNextVisible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-333">The value of visibilitytimeout is added to the time at which the message is retrieved to determine the value of TimeNextVisible.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-334">The queue service does not have support for either optimistic or pessimistic concurrency and for this reason clients processing messages retrieved from a queue should ensure messages are processed in an idempotent manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-334">The queue service does not have support for either optimistic or pessimistic concurrency and for this reason clients processing messages retrieved from a queue should ensure messages are processed in an idempotent manner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-335">A last writer wins strategy is used for update operations such as SetQueueServiceProperties, SetQueueMetaData, SetQueueACL and UpdateMessage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-335">A last writer wins strategy is used for update operations such as SetQueueServiceProperties, SetQueueMetaData, SetQueueACL and UpdateMessage.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-336">For more information see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-336">For more information see:</span></span>  

* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-337">Queue Service REST API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-337">Queue Service REST API</span></span>](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179363.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-338">Get Messages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-338">Get Messages</span></span>](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd179474.aspx)  

## <a name="managing-concurrency-in-the-file-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-339">Managing Concurrency in the File Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-339">Managing Concurrency in the File Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-340">The file service can be accessed using two different protocol endpoints – SMB and REST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-340">The file service can be accessed using two different protocol endpoints – SMB and REST.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-341">The REST service does not have support for either optimistic locking or pessimistic locking and all updates will follow a last writer wins strategy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-341">The REST service does not have support for either optimistic locking or pessimistic locking and all updates will follow a last writer wins strategy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-342">SMB clients that mount file shares can leverage file system locking mechanisms to manage access to shared files – including the ability to perform pessimistic locking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-342">SMB clients that mount file shares can leverage file system locking mechanisms to manage access to shared files – including the ability to perform pessimistic locking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-343">When an SMB client opens a file, it specifies both the file access and share mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-343">When an SMB client opens a file, it specifies both the file access and share mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-344">Setting a File Access option of "Write" or "Read/Write" along with a File Share mode of "None" will result in the file being locked by an SMB client until the file is closed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-344">Setting a File Access option of "Write" or "Read/Write" along with a File Share mode of "None" will result in the file being locked by an SMB client until the file is closed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-345">If REST operation is attempted on a file where an SMB client has the file locked the REST service will return status code 409 (Conflict) with error code SharingViolation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-345">If REST operation is attempted on a file where an SMB client has the file locked the REST service will return status code 409 (Conflict) with error code SharingViolation.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-346">When an SMB client opens a file for delete, it marks the file as pending delete until all other SMB client open handles on that file are closed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-346">When an SMB client opens a file for delete, it marks the file as pending delete until all other SMB client open handles on that file are closed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-347">While a file is marked as pending delete, any REST operation on that file will return status code 409 (Conflict) with error code SMBDeletePending.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-347">While a file is marked as pending delete, any REST operation on that file will return status code 409 (Conflict) with error code SMBDeletePending.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-348">Status code 404 (Not Found) is not returned since it is possible for the SMB client to remove the pending deletion flag prior to closing the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-348">Status code 404 (Not Found) is not returned since it is possible for the SMB client to remove the pending deletion flag prior to closing the file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-349">In other words, status code 404 (Not Found) is only expected when the file has been removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-349">In other words, status code 404 (Not Found) is only expected when the file has been removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64377-350">Note that while a file is in a SMB pending delete state, it will not be included in the List Files results.Also note that the REST Delete File and REST Delete Directory operations are committed atomically and do not result in pending delete state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-350">Note that while a file is in a SMB pending delete state, it will not be included in the List Files results.Also note that the REST Delete File and REST Delete Directory operations are committed atomically and do not result in pending delete state.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-351">For more information see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-351">For more information see:</span></span>  

* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-352">Managing File Locks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-352">Managing File Locks</span></span>](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn194265.aspx)  

## <a name="summary-and-next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="64377-353">Summary and Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-353">Summary and Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64377-354">The Microsoft Azure Storage service has been designed to meet the needs of the most complex online applications without forcing developers to compromise or rethink key design assumptions such as concurrency and data consistency that they have come to take for granted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-354">The Microsoft Azure Storage service has been designed to meet the needs of the most complex online applications without forcing developers to compromise or rethink key design assumptions such as concurrency and data consistency that they have come to take for granted.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-355">For the complete sample application referenced in this blog:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-355">For the complete sample application referenced in this blog:</span></span>  

* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-356">Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage - Sample Application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-356">Managing Concurrency using Azure Storage - Sample Application</span></span>](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Managing-Concurrency-using-56018114)  

<span data-ttu-id="64377-357">For more information on Azure Storage see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-357">For more information on Azure Storage see:</span></span>  

* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-358">Microsoft Azure Storage Home Page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-358">Microsoft Azure Storage Home Page</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/storage/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="64377-359">Introduction to Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-359">Introduction to Azure Storage</span></span>](storage-introduction.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-360">Storage Getting Started for [Blob](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-blobs.md), [Table](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-tables.md),  [Queues](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-queues.md), and [Files](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-files.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-360">Storage Getting Started for [Blob](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-blobs.md), [Table](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-tables.md),  [Queues](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-queues.md), and [Files](storage-dotnet-how-to-use-files.md)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="64377-361">Storage Architecture – [Azure Storage : A Highly Available Cloud Storage Service with Strong Consistency](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsazurestorage/archive/2011/11/20/windows-azure-storage-a-highly-available-cloud-storage-service-with-strong-consistency.aspx)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64377-361">Storage Architecture – [Azure Storage : A Highly Available Cloud Storage Service with Strong Consistency](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsazurestorage/archive/2011/11/20/windows-azure-storage-a-highly-available-cloud-storage-service-with-strong-consistency.aspx)</span></span>

