---
title: Use the Azure Storage Emulator for Development and Testing | Microsoft Docs
description: The Azure storage emulator provides a free local development environment for developing and testing against Azure Storage. Learn about the storage emulator, including how requests are authenticated, how to connect to the emulator from your application, and how to use the command-line tool.
services: storage
documentationcenter: ''
author: mmacy
manager: timlt
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: f480b059-df8a-4a63-b05a-7f2f5d1f5c2a
ms.service: storage
ms.workload: storage
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 12/08/2016
ms.author: marsma
ms.openlocfilehash: fe1d7abf3585efab67a7dbc10afa7bf3c4d466e5
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549213"
---
# <a name="use-the-azure-storage-emulator-for-development-and-testing"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-104">Use the Azure Storage Emulator for Development and Testing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-104">Use the Azure Storage Emulator for Development and Testing</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-105">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-105">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-106">The Microsoft Azure storage emulator provides a local environment that emulates the Azure Blob, Queue, and Table services for development purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-106">The Microsoft Azure storage emulator provides a local environment that emulates the Azure Blob, Queue, and Table services for development purposes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-107">Using the storage emulator, you can test your application against the storage services locally, without creating an Azure subscription or incurring any costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-107">Using the storage emulator, you can test your application against the storage services locally, without creating an Azure subscription or incurring any costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-108">When you're satisfied with how your application is working in the emulator, you can switch to using an Azure storage account in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-108">When you're satisfied with how your application is working in the emulator, you can switch to using an Azure storage account in the cloud.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-109">The storage emulator is available as part of the [Microsoft Azure SDK](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-109">The storage emulator is available as part of the [Microsoft Azure SDK](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-110">You can also install the storage emulator using the [standalone installer](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=717179&clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-110">You can also install the storage emulator using the [standalone installer](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=717179&clcid=0x409).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-111">To install the storage emulator, you must have administrative privileges on the computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-111">To install the storage emulator, you must have administrative privileges on the computer.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-112">The storage emulator currently runs only on Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-112">The storage emulator currently runs only on Windows.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-113">Data created in one version of the storage emulator is not guaranteed to be accessible when using a different version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-113">Data created in one version of the storage emulator is not guaranteed to be accessible when using a different version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-114">If you need to persist your data for the long term, it's recommended that you store that data in an Azure storage account, rather than in the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-114">If you need to persist your data for the long term, it's recommended that you store that data in an Azure storage account, rather than in the storage emulator.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-115">The storage emulator depends on OData libraries version 5.6.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-115">The storage emulator depends on OData libraries version 5.6.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-116">Replacing the OData DLLs used by the storage emulator with higher versions is not supported and causes unexpected behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-116">Replacing the OData DLLs used by the storage emulator with higher versions is not supported and causes unexpected behavior.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-117">However, any version of OData supported by the storage service may be used to send requests to the emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-117">However, any version of OData supported by the storage service may be used to send requests to the emulator.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="how-the-storage-emulator-works"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-118">How the storage emulator works</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-118">How the storage emulator works</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-119">The storage emulator uses a local Microsoft SQL Server instance and the local file system to emulate the Azure storage services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-119">The storage emulator uses a local Microsoft SQL Server instance and the local file system to emulate the Azure storage services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-120">By default, the storage emulator uses a database in Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-120">By default, the storage emulator uses a database in Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="954d8-121">You can choose to configure the storage emulator to access a local instance of SQL Server instead of the LocalDB instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-121">You can choose to configure the storage emulator to access a local instance of SQL Server instead of the LocalDB instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-122">For more information, see [Start and initialize the storage emulator](#start-and-initialize-the-storage-emulator), below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-122">For more information, see [Start and initialize the storage emulator](#start-and-initialize-the-storage-emulator), below.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-123">You can install SQL Server Management Studio Express to manage your LocalDB installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-123">You can install SQL Server Management Studio Express to manage your LocalDB installation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-124">The storage emulator connects to SQL Server or LocalDB using Windows authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-124">The storage emulator connects to SQL Server or LocalDB using Windows authentication.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-125">Some differences in functionality exist between the storage emulator and Azure storage services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-125">Some differences in functionality exist between the storage emulator and Azure storage services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-126">For more information about these differences, see [Differences between the storage emulator and Azure Storage](#differences-between-the-storage-emulator-and-azure-storage).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-126">For more information about these differences, see [Differences between the storage emulator and Azure Storage](#differences-between-the-storage-emulator-and-azure-storage).</span></span>

## <a name="authenticating-requests-against-the-storage-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-127">Authenticating requests against the storage emulator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-127">Authenticating requests against the storage emulator</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-128">As with Azure Storage in the cloud, every request that you make against the storage emulator must be authenticated, unless it is an anonymous request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-128">As with Azure Storage in the cloud, every request that you make against the storage emulator must be authenticated, unless it is an anonymous request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-129">You can authenticate requests against the storage emulator using Shared Key authentication or with a shared access signature (SAS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-129">You can authenticate requests against the storage emulator using Shared Key authentication or with a shared access signature (SAS).</span></span>

### <a name="authentication-with-shared-key-credentials"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-130">Authentication with Shared Key credentials</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-130">Authentication with Shared Key credentials</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [storage-emulator-connection-string-include](../../includes/storage-emulator-connection-string-include.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-131">For more information on connection strings, see [Configure Azure Storage Connection Strings](storage-configure-connection-string.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-131">For more information on connection strings, see [Configure Azure Storage Connection Strings](storage-configure-connection-string.md).</span></span>

### <a name="authentication-with-a-shared-access-signature"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-132">Authentication with a shared access signature</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-132">Authentication with a shared access signature</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-133">Some Azure storage client libraries, such as the Xamarin library, only support authentication with a shared access signature (SAS) token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-133">Some Azure storage client libraries, such as the Xamarin library, only support authentication with a shared access signature (SAS) token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-134">Create this SAS token using a tool or application that supports Shared Key authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-134">Create this SAS token using a tool or application that supports Shared Key authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-135">An easy way to generate the SAS token is via Azure PowerShell:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-135">An easy way to generate the SAS token is via Azure PowerShell:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="954d8-136">Install Azure PowerShell if you haven't already.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-136">Install Azure PowerShell if you haven't already.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-137">Using the latest version of the Azure PowerShell cmdlets is recommended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-137">Using the latest version of the Azure PowerShell cmdlets is recommended.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-138">See [How to install and configure Azure PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs) for installation instructions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-138">See [How to install and configure Azure PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs) for installation instructions.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="954d8-139">Open Azure PowerShell and run the following commands, replacing *ACCOUNT_NAME* and *ACCOUNT_KEY==* with your own credentials and *CONTAINER_NAME* with a name of your choosing:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-139">Open Azure PowerShell and run the following commands, replacing *ACCOUNT_NAME* and *ACCOUNT_KEY==* with your own credentials and *CONTAINER_NAME* with a name of your choosing:</span></span>

```powershell
$context = New-AzureStorageContext -StorageAccountName "ACCOUNT_NAME" -StorageAccountKey "ACCOUNT_KEY=="

New-AzureStorageContainer CONTAINER_NAME -Permission Off -Context $context

$now = Get-Date

New-AzureStorageContainerSASToken -Name CONTAINER_NAME -Permission rwdl -ExpiryTime $now.AddDays(1.0) -Context $context -FullUri
```

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-140">The resulting shared access signature URI for the new container should be similar to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-140">The resulting shared access signature URI for the new container should be similar to:</span></span>

    https://storageaccount.blob.core.windows.net/sascontainer?sv=2012-02-12&se=2015-07-08T00%3A12%3A08Z&sr=c&sp=wl&sig=t%2BbzU9%2B7ry4okULN9S0wst%2F8MCUhTjrHyV9rDNLSe8g%3Dsss

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-141">The shared access signature created with this example is valid for one day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-141">The shared access signature created with this example is valid for one day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-142">The signature grants full access (i.e. read, write, delete, list) to blobs within the container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-142">The signature grants full access (i.e. read, write, delete, list) to blobs within the container.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-143">For more information on shared access signatures, see [Using Shared Access Signatures (SAS)](storage-dotnet-shared-access-signature-part-1.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-143">For more information on shared access signatures, see [Using Shared Access Signatures (SAS)](storage-dotnet-shared-access-signature-part-1.md).</span></span>

## <a name="start-and-initialize-the-storage-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-144">Start and initialize the storage emulator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-144">Start and initialize the storage emulator</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-145">To start the Azure storage emulator, select the Start button or press the Windows key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-145">To start the Azure storage emulator, select the Start button or press the Windows key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-146">Begin typing **Azure Storage Emulator**, and select the emulator from the list of applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-146">Begin typing **Azure Storage Emulator**, and select the emulator from the list of applications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-147">When the emulator is running, you'll see an icon in the Windows taskbar notification area.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-147">When the emulator is running, you'll see an icon in the Windows taskbar notification area.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-148">When the storage emulator starts, a command-line window will appear.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-148">When the storage emulator starts, a command-line window will appear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-149">You can use this command-line window to start and stop the storage emulator as well as clear data, get status, and initialize the emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-149">You can use this command-line window to start and stop the storage emulator as well as clear data, get status, and initialize the emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-150">For more information, see [Storage Emulator Command-Line Tool Reference](#storage-emulator-command-line-tool-reference).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-150">For more information, see [Storage Emulator Command-Line Tool Reference](#storage-emulator-command-line-tool-reference).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-151">When the command-line window is closed, the storage emulator will continue to run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-151">When the command-line window is closed, the storage emulator will continue to run.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-152">To bring up the command line again, follow the preceding steps as if starting the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-152">To bring up the command line again, follow the preceding steps as if starting the storage emulator.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-153">The first time you run the storage emulator, the local storage environment is initialized for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-153">The first time you run the storage emulator, the local storage environment is initialized for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-154">The initialization process creates a database in LocalDB and reserves HTTP ports for each local storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-154">The initialization process creates a database in LocalDB and reserves HTTP ports for each local storage service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-155">The storage emulator is installed by default to the C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\Azure\Storage Emulator directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-155">The storage emulator is installed by default to the C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\Azure\Storage Emulator directory.</span></span>

### <a name="initialize-the-storage-emulator-to-use-a-different-sql-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-156">Initialize the storage emulator to use a different SQL database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-156">Initialize the storage emulator to use a different SQL database</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-157">You can use the storage emulator command-line tool to initialize the storage emulator to point to a SQL database instance other than the default LocalDB instance:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-157">You can use the storage emulator command-line tool to initialize the storage emulator to point to a SQL database instance other than the default LocalDB instance:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="954d8-158">Click the **Start** button or press the **Windows** key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-158">Click the **Start** button or press the **Windows** key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-159">Begin typing `Azure Storage Emulator` and select it when it appears to bring up the storage emulator command-line tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-159">Begin typing `Azure Storage Emulator` and select it when it appears to bring up the storage emulator command-line tool.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="954d8-160">In the command prompt window, type the following command, where `<SQLServerInstance>` is the name of the SQL Server instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-160">In the command prompt window, type the following command, where `<SQLServerInstance>` is the name of the SQL Server instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-161">To use LocalDb, specify `(localdb)\MSSQLLocalDb` as the SQL Server instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-161">To use LocalDb, specify `(localdb)\MSSQLLocalDb` as the SQL Server instance.</span></span>

        AzureStorageEmulator init /server <SQLServerInstance>

    <span data-ttu-id="954d8-162">You can also use the following command, which directs the emulator to use the default SQL Server instance:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-162">You can also use the following command, which directs the emulator to use the default SQL Server instance:</span></span>

        AzureStorageEmulator init /server .\\

    <span data-ttu-id="954d8-163">Or, you can use the following command, which reinitializes the database to the default LocalDB instance:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-163">Or, you can use the following command, which reinitializes the database to the default LocalDB instance:</span></span>

        AzureStorageEmulator init /forceCreate

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-164">For more information about these commands, see [Storage Emulator Command-Line Tool Reference](#storage-emulator-command-line-tool-reference).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-164">For more information about these commands, see [Storage Emulator Command-Line Tool Reference](#storage-emulator-command-line-tool-reference).</span></span>

## <a name="addressing-resources-in-the-storage-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-165">Addressing resources in the storage emulator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-165">Addressing resources in the storage emulator</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-166">The service endpoints for the storage emulator are different from those of an Azure storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-166">The service endpoints for the storage emulator are different from those of an Azure storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-167">The difference is because the local computer does not perform domain name resolution, requiring the storage emulator endpoints to be local addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-167">The difference is because the local computer does not perform domain name resolution, requiring the storage emulator endpoints to be local addresses.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-168">When you address a resource in an Azure storage account, use the following scheme.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-168">When you address a resource in an Azure storage account, use the following scheme.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-169">The account name is part of the URI host name, and the resource being addressed is part of the URI path:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-169">The account name is part of the URI host name, and the resource being addressed is part of the URI path:</span></span>

    <http|https>://<account-name>.<service-name>.core.windows.net/<resource-path>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-170">For example, the following URI is a valid address for a blob in an Azure storage account:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-170">For example, the following URI is a valid address for a blob in an Azure storage account:</span></span>

    https://myaccount.blob.core.windows.net/mycontainer/myblob.txt

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-171">In the storage emulator, because the local computer does not perform domain name resolution, the account name is part of the URI path instead of the host name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-171">In the storage emulator, because the local computer does not perform domain name resolution, the account name is part of the URI path instead of the host name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-172">You use the following scheme for a resource running in the storage emulator:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-172">You use the following scheme for a resource running in the storage emulator:</span></span>

    http://<local-machine-address>:<port>/<account-name>/<resource-path>

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-173">For example, the following address might be used for accessing a blob in the storage emulator:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-173">For example, the following address might be used for accessing a blob in the storage emulator:</span></span>

    http://127.0.0.1:10000/myaccount/mycontainer/myblob.txt

<span data-ttu-id="954d8-174">The service endpoints for the storage emulator are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-174">The service endpoints for the storage emulator are:</span></span>

    Blob Service: http://127.0.0.1:10000/<account-name>/<resource-path>
    Queue Service: http://127.0.0.1:10001/<account-name>/<resource-path>
    Table Service: http://127.0.0.1:10002/<account-name>/<resource-path>

### <a name="addressing-the-account-secondary-with-ra-grs"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-175">Addressing the account secondary with RA-GRS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-175">Addressing the account secondary with RA-GRS</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-176">Beginning with version 3.1, the storage emulator account supports read-access geo-redundant replication (RA-GRS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-176">Beginning with version 3.1, the storage emulator account supports read-access geo-redundant replication (RA-GRS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-177">For storage resources both in the cloud and in the local emulator, you can access the secondary location by appending -secondary to the account name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-177">For storage resources both in the cloud and in the local emulator, you can access the secondary location by appending -secondary to the account name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-178">For example, the following address might be used for accessing a blob using the read-only secondary in the storage emulator:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-178">For example, the following address might be used for accessing a blob using the read-only secondary in the storage emulator:</span></span>

    http://127.0.0.1:10000/myaccount-secondary/mycontainer/myblob.txt

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-179">For programmatic access to the secondary with the storage emulator, use the Storage Client Library for .NET version 3.2 or later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-179">For programmatic access to the secondary with the storage emulator, use the Storage Client Library for .NET version 3.2 or later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-180">See the [Microsoft Azure Storage Client Library for .NET](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn261237.aspx) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-180">See the [Microsoft Azure Storage Client Library for .NET](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn261237.aspx) for details.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="storage-emulator-command-line-tool-reference"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-181">Storage emulator command-line tool reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-181">Storage emulator command-line tool reference</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-182">Starting in version 3.0, when you launch the Storage Emulator, a command-line window pops up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-182">Starting in version 3.0, when you launch the Storage Emulator, a command-line window pops up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-183">Use the command-line window to start and stop the emulator as well as to query for status and perform other operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-183">Use the command-line window to start and stop the emulator as well as to query for status and perform other operations.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-184">If you have the Microsoft Azure compute emulator installed, a system tray icon appears when you launch the Storage Emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-184">If you have the Microsoft Azure compute emulator installed, a system tray icon appears when you launch the Storage Emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-185">Right-click on the icon to reveal a menu, which provides a graphical way to start and stop the Storage Emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-185">Right-click on the icon to reveal a menu, which provides a graphical way to start and stop the Storage Emulator.</span></span>
>
>

### <a name="command-line-syntax"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-186">Command Line Syntax</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-186">Command Line Syntax</span></span>
    AzureStorageEmulator [start] [stop] [status] [clear] [init] [help]

### <a name="options"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-187">Options</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-187">Options</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-188">To view the list of options, type `/help` at the command prompt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-188">To view the list of options, type `/help` at the command prompt.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="954d8-189">Option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-189">Option</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="954d8-190">Description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-190">Description</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="954d8-191">Command</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-191">Command</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="954d8-192">Arguments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-192">Arguments</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="954d8-193">**Start**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-193">**Start**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-194">Starts up the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-194">Starts up the storage emulator.</span></span> |`AzureStorageEmulator start [-inprocess]` |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-195">*-inprocess*: Start the emulator in the current process instead of creating a new process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-195">*-inprocess*: Start the emulator in the current process instead of creating a new process.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="954d8-196">**Stop**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-196">**Stop**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-197">Stops the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-197">Stops the storage emulator.</span></span> |`AzureStorageEmulator stop` | |
| <span data-ttu-id="954d8-198">**Status**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-198">**Status**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-199">Prints the status of the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-199">Prints the status of the storage emulator.</span></span> |`AzureStorageEmulator status` | |
| <span data-ttu-id="954d8-200">**Clear**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-200">**Clear**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-201">Clears the data in all services specified on the command line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-201">Clears the data in all services specified on the command line.</span></span> |`AzureStorageEmulator clear [blob] [table] [queue] [all]                                                    ` |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-202">*blob*: Clears blob data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-202">*blob*: Clears blob data.</span></span> <br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-203">*queue*: Clears queue data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-203">*queue*: Clears queue data.</span></span> <br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-204">*table*: Clears table data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-204">*table*: Clears table data.</span></span> <br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-205">*all*: Clears all data in all services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-205">*all*: Clears all data in all services.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="954d8-206">**Init**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-206">**Init**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-207">Performs one-time initialization to set up the emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-207">Performs one-time initialization to set up the emulator.</span></span> |<code>AzureStorageEmulator.exe init [-server serverName] [-sqlinstance instanceName] [-forcecreate&#124;-skipcreate] [-reserveports&#124;-unreserveports] [-inprocess]</code> |<span data-ttu-id="954d8-208">*-server serverName\instanceName*: Specifies the server hosting the SQL instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-208">*-server serverName\instanceName*: Specifies the server hosting the SQL instance.</span></span> <br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-209">*-sqlinstance instanceName*: Specifies the name of the SQL instance to be used in the default server instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-209">*-sqlinstance instanceName*: Specifies the name of the SQL instance to be used in the default server instance.</span></span> <br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-210">*-forcecreate*: Forces creation of the SQL database, even if it already exists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-210">*-forcecreate*: Forces creation of the SQL database, even if it already exists.</span></span> <br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-211">*-skipcreate*: Skips creation of the SQL database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-211">*-skipcreate*: Skips creation of the SQL database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-212">This takes precedence over -forcecreate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-212">This takes precedence over -forcecreate.</span></span><br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-213">*-reserveports*: Attempts to reserve the HTTP ports associated with the services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-213">*-reserveports*: Attempts to reserve the HTTP ports associated with the services.</span></span><br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-214">*-unreserveports*: Attempts to remove reservations for the HTTP ports associated with the services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-214">*-unreserveports*: Attempts to remove reservations for the HTTP ports associated with the services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-215">This takes precedence over -reserveports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-215">This takes precedence over -reserveports.</span></span><br/><span data-ttu-id="954d8-216">*-inprocess*: Performs initialization in the current process instead of spawning a new process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-216">*-inprocess*: Performs initialization in the current process instead of spawning a new process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-217">The current process must be launched with elevated permissions if changing port reservations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-217">The current process must be launched with elevated permissions if changing port reservations.</span></span> |

## <a name="differences-between-the-storage-emulator-and-azure-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-218">Differences between the storage emulator and Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-218">Differences between the storage emulator and Azure Storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-219">Because the storage emulator is an emulated environment running in a local SQL instance, there are differences in functionality between the emulator and an Azure storage account in the cloud:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-219">Because the storage emulator is an emulated environment running in a local SQL instance, there are differences in functionality between the emulator and an Azure storage account in the cloud:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-220">The storage emulator supports only a single fixed account and a well-known authentication key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-220">The storage emulator supports only a single fixed account and a well-known authentication key.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-221">The storage emulator is not a scalable storage service and does not support a large number of concurrent clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-221">The storage emulator is not a scalable storage service and does not support a large number of concurrent clients.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-222">As described in [Addressing resources in the storage emulator](#addressing-resources-in-the-storage-emulator), resources are addressed differently in the storage emulator versus an Azure storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-222">As described in [Addressing resources in the storage emulator](#addressing-resources-in-the-storage-emulator), resources are addressed differently in the storage emulator versus an Azure storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-223">This difference is because domain name resolution is available in the cloud but not on the local computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-223">This difference is because domain name resolution is available in the cloud but not on the local computer.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-224">Beginning with version 3.1, the storage emulator account supports read-access geo-redundant replication (RA-GRS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-224">Beginning with version 3.1, the storage emulator account supports read-access geo-redundant replication (RA-GRS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-225">In the emulator, all accounts have RA-GRS enabled, and there is never any lag between the primary and secondary replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-225">In the emulator, all accounts have RA-GRS enabled, and there is never any lag between the primary and secondary replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-226">The Get Blob Service Stats, Get Queue Service Stats, and Get Table Service Stats operations are supported on the account secondary and will always return the value of the `LastSyncTime` response element as the current time according to the underlying SQL database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-226">The Get Blob Service Stats, Get Queue Service Stats, and Get Table Service Stats operations are supported on the account secondary and will always return the value of the `LastSyncTime` response element as the current time according to the underlying SQL database.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="954d8-227">For programmatic access to the secondary with the storage emulator, use the Storage Client Library for .NET version 3.2 or later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-227">For programmatic access to the secondary with the storage emulator, use the Storage Client Library for .NET version 3.2 or later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-228">See the [Microsoft Azure Storage Client Library for .NET](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn261237.aspx) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-228">See the [Microsoft Azure Storage Client Library for .NET](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn261237.aspx) for details.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-229">The File service and SMB protocol service endpoints are not currently supported in the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-229">The File service and SMB protocol service endpoints are not currently supported in the storage emulator.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-230">If you use a version of the storage services that is not yet supported by the emulator, the storage emulator returns a VersionNotSupportedByEmulator error (HTTP status code 400 - Bad Request).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-230">If you use a version of the storage services that is not yet supported by the emulator, the storage emulator returns a VersionNotSupportedByEmulator error (HTTP status code 400 - Bad Request).</span></span>

### <a name="differences-for-blob-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-231">Differences for Blob storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-231">Differences for Blob storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-232">The following differences apply to Blob storage in the emulator:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-232">The following differences apply to Blob storage in the emulator:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-233">The storage emulator only supports blob sizes up to 2 GB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-233">The storage emulator only supports blob sizes up to 2 GB.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-234">Incremental copy allows snapshots from overwritten blobs to be copied, which returns a failure on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-234">Incremental copy allows snapshots from overwritten blobs to be copied, which returns a failure on the service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-235">Get Page Ranges Diff does not work between snapshots copied using Incremental Copy Blob.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-235">Get Page Ranges Diff does not work between snapshots copied using Incremental Copy Blob.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-236">A Put Blob operation may succeed against a blob that exists in the storage emulator with an active lease, even if the lease ID has not been specified in the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-236">A Put Blob operation may succeed against a blob that exists in the storage emulator with an active lease, even if the lease ID has not been specified in the request.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-237">Append Blob operations are not supported by the emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-237">Append Blob operations are not supported by the emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-238">Attempting an operation on an append blob returns a FeatureNotSupportedByEmulator error (HTTP status code 400 - Bad Request).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-238">Attempting an operation on an append blob returns a FeatureNotSupportedByEmulator error (HTTP status code 400 - Bad Request).</span></span>

### <a name="differences-for-table-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-239">Differences for Table storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-239">Differences for Table storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-240">The following differences apply to Table storage in the emulator:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-240">The following differences apply to Table storage in the emulator:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-241">Date properties in the Table service in the storage emulator support only the range supported by SQL Server 2005 (*i.e.*, they are required to be later than January 1, 1753).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-241">Date properties in the Table service in the storage emulator support only the range supported by SQL Server 2005 (*i.e.*, they are required to be later than January 1, 1753).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-242">All dates before January 1, 1753 are changed to this value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-242">All dates before January 1, 1753 are changed to this value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-243">The precision of dates is limited to the precision of SQL Server 2005, meaning that dates are precise to 1/300th of a second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-243">The precision of dates is limited to the precision of SQL Server 2005, meaning that dates are precise to 1/300th of a second.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-244">The storage emulator supports partition key and row key property values of less than 512 bytes each.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-244">The storage emulator supports partition key and row key property values of less than 512 bytes each.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-245">Additionally, the total size of the account name, table name, and key property names together cannot exceed 900 bytes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-245">Additionally, the total size of the account name, table name, and key property names together cannot exceed 900 bytes.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-246">The total size of a row in a table in the storage emulator is limited to less than 1 MB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-246">The total size of a row in a table in the storage emulator is limited to less than 1 MB.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-247">In the storage emulator, properties of data type `Edm.Guid` or `Edm.Binary` support only the `Equal (eq)` and `NotEqual (ne)` comparison operators in query filter strings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-247">In the storage emulator, properties of data type `Edm.Guid` or `Edm.Binary` support only the `Equal (eq)` and `NotEqual (ne)` comparison operators in query filter strings.</span></span>

### <a name="differences-for-queue-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-248">Differences for Queue storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-248">Differences for Queue storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="954d8-249">There are no differences specific to Queue storage in the emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-249">There are no differences specific to Queue storage in the emulator.</span></span>

## <a name="storage-emulator-release-notes"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-250">Storage emulator release notes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-250">Storage emulator release notes</span></span>
### <a name="version-51"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-251">Version 5.1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-251">Version 5.1</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-252">Fixed a bug where the storage emulator was returning the `DataServiceVersion` header in some responses where the service was not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-252">Fixed a bug where the storage emulator was returning the `DataServiceVersion` header in some responses where the service was not.</span></span>

### <a name="version-50"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-253">Version 5.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-253">Version 5.0</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-254">The storage emulator installer no longer checks for existing MSSQL and .NET Framework installs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-254">The storage emulator installer no longer checks for existing MSSQL and .NET Framework installs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-255">The storage emulator installer no longer creates the database as part of install.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-255">The storage emulator installer no longer creates the database as part of install.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="954d8-256">Database will still be created if needed as part of startup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-256">Database will still be created if needed as part of startup.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-257">Database creation no longer requires elevation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-257">Database creation no longer requires elevation.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-258">Port reservations are no longer needed for startup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-258">Port reservations are no longer needed for startup.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-259">Adds the following options to *init*: -reserveports (requires elevation), -unreserveports (requires elevation), -skipcreate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-259">Adds the following options to *init*: -reserveports (requires elevation), -unreserveports (requires elevation), -skipcreate.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-260">The Storage Emulator UI option on the system tray icon now launches the command line interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-260">The Storage Emulator UI option on the system tray icon now launches the command line interface.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="954d8-261">The old GUI is no longer available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-261">The old GUI is no longer available.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-262">Some DLLs have been removed or renamed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-262">Some DLLs have been removed or renamed.</span></span>

### <a name="version-46"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-263">Version 4.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-263">Version 4.6</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-264">The storage emulator now supports version 2016-05-31 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-264">The storage emulator now supports version 2016-05-31 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span></span>

### <a name="version-45"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-265">Version 4.5</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-265">Version 4.5</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-266">Fixed a bug that caused initialization and installation of the storage emulator to fail when the backing database was renamed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-266">Fixed a bug that caused initialization and installation of the storage emulator to fail when the backing database was renamed.</span></span>

### <a name="version-44"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-267">Version 4.4</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-267">Version 4.4</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-268">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-12-11 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-268">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-12-11 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-269">The storage emulator's garbage collection of blob data is now more efficient when dealing with large numbers of blobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-269">The storage emulator's garbage collection of blob data is now more efficient when dealing with large numbers of blobs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-270">Fixed a bug that caused container ACL XML to be validated slightly differently from how the storage service does it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-270">Fixed a bug that caused container ACL XML to be validated slightly differently from how the storage service does it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-271">Fixed a bug that sometimes caused max and min DateTime values to be reported in the incorrect time zone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-271">Fixed a bug that sometimes caused max and min DateTime values to be reported in the incorrect time zone.</span></span>

### <a name="version-43"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-272">Version 4.3</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-272">Version 4.3</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-273">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-07-08 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-273">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-07-08 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span></span>

### <a name="version-42"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-274">Version 4.2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-274">Version 4.2</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-275">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-04-05 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-275">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-04-05 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span></span>

### <a name="version-41"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-276">Version 4.1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-276">Version 4.1</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-277">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-02-21 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints, except for the new Append Blob features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-277">The storage emulator now supports version 2015-02-21 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints, except for the new Append Blob features.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-278">If you use a version of the storage services that is not yet supported by the emulator, the emulator returns a meaningful error message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-278">If you use a version of the storage services that is not yet supported by the emulator, the emulator returns a meaningful error message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-279">We recommend using the latest version of the emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-279">We recommend using the latest version of the emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-280">If you encounter a VersionNotSupportedByEmulator error (HTTP status code 400 - Bad Request), please download the latest version of the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-280">If you encounter a VersionNotSupportedByEmulator error (HTTP status code 400 - Bad Request), please download the latest version of the storage emulator.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-281">Fixed a bug wherein a race condition caused table entity data to be incorrect during concurrent merge operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-281">Fixed a bug wherein a race condition caused table entity data to be incorrect during concurrent merge operations.</span></span>

### <a name="version-40"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-282">Version 4.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-282">Version 4.0</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-283">The storage emulator executable has been renamed to *AzureStorageEmulator.exe*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-283">The storage emulator executable has been renamed to *AzureStorageEmulator.exe*.</span></span>

### <a name="version-32"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-284">Version 3.2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-284">Version 3.2</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-285">The storage emulator now supports version 2014-02-14 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-285">The storage emulator now supports version 2014-02-14 of the storage services on Blob, Queue, and Table service endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-286">File service endpoints are not currently supported in the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-286">File service endpoints are not currently supported in the storage emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-287">See [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd894041.aspx) for details about version 2014-02-14.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-287">See [Versioning for the Azure Storage Services](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dd894041.aspx) for details about version 2014-02-14.</span></span>

### <a name="version-31"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-288">Version 3.1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-288">Version 3.1</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-289">Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) is now supported in the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-289">Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) is now supported in the storage emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-290">The Get Blob Service Stats, Get Queue Service Stats, and Get Table Service Stats APIs are supported for the account secondary and will always return the value of the LastSyncTime response element as the current time according to the underlying SQL database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-290">The Get Blob Service Stats, Get Queue Service Stats, and Get Table Service Stats APIs are supported for the account secondary and will always return the value of the LastSyncTime response element as the current time according to the underlying SQL database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-291">For programmatic access to the secondary with the storage emulator, use the Storage Client Library for .NET version 3.2 or later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-291">For programmatic access to the secondary with the storage emulator, use the Storage Client Library for .NET version 3.2 or later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-292">See the Microsoft Azure Storage Client Library for .NET Reference for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-292">See the Microsoft Azure Storage Client Library for .NET Reference for details.</span></span>

### <a name="version-30"></a><span data-ttu-id="954d8-293">Version 3.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-293">Version 3.0</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-294">The Azure storage emulator is no longer shipped in the same package as the compute emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-294">The Azure storage emulator is no longer shipped in the same package as the compute emulator.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-295">The storage emulator graphical user interface is deprecated in favor of a scriptable command-line interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-295">The storage emulator graphical user interface is deprecated in favor of a scriptable command-line interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-296">For details on the command-line interface, see Storage Emulator Command-Line Tool Reference.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-296">For details on the command-line interface, see Storage Emulator Command-Line Tool Reference.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-297">The graphical interface will continue to be present in version 3.0, but it can only be accessed when the Compute Emulator is installed by right-clicking on the system tray icon and selecting Show Storage Emulator UI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-297">The graphical interface will continue to be present in version 3.0, but it can only be accessed when the Compute Emulator is installed by right-clicking on the system tray icon and selecting Show Storage Emulator UI.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="954d8-298">Version 2013-08-15 of the Azure storage services is now fully supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-298">Version 2013-08-15 of the Azure storage services is now fully supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="954d8-299">(Previously this version was only supported by Storage Emulator version 2.2.1 Preview.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="954d8-299">(Previously this version was only supported by Storage Emulator version 2.2.1 Preview.)</span></span>
