---
title: Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) Support | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to enable CORS Support for the Microsoft Azure Storage Services.
services: storage
documentationcenter: .net
author: cbrooksmsft
manager: carmonm
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: a0229595-5b64-4898-b8d6-fa2625ea6887
ms.service: storage
ms.workload: storage
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 2/22/2017
ms.author: cbrooks
ms.openlocfilehash: 8d189d3ec3e6081dd37b912824f287cd75f39b35
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551003"
---
# <a name="cross-origin-resource-sharing-cors-support-for-the-azure-storage-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-103">Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) Support for the Azure Storage Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-103">Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) Support for the Azure Storage Services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-104">Beginning with version 2013-08-15, the Azure storage services support Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for the Blob, Table, Queue, and File services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-104">Beginning with version 2013-08-15, the Azure storage services support Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for the Blob, Table, Queue, and File services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-105">CORS is an HTTP feature that enables a web application running under one domain to access resources in another domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-105">CORS is an HTTP feature that enables a web application running under one domain to access resources in another domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-106">Web browsers implement a security restriction known as [same-origin policy](http://www.w3.org/Security/wiki/Same_Origin_Policy) that prevents a web page from calling APIs in a different domain; CORS provides a secure way to allow one domain (the origin domain) to call APIs in another domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-106">Web browsers implement a security restriction known as [same-origin policy](http://www.w3.org/Security/wiki/Same_Origin_Policy) that prevents a web page from calling APIs in a different domain; CORS provides a secure way to allow one domain (the origin domain) to call APIs in another domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-107">See the [CORS specification](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/) for details on CORS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-107">See the [CORS specification](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/) for details on CORS.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-108">You can set CORS rules individually for each of the storage services, by calling [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), and [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-108">You can set CORS rules individually for each of the storage services, by calling [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), and [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-109">Once you set the CORS rules for the service, then a properly authenticated request made against the service from a different domain will be evaluated to determine whether it is allowed according to the rules you have specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-109">Once you set the CORS rules for the service, then a properly authenticated request made against the service from a different domain will be evaluated to determine whether it is allowed according to the rules you have specified.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-110">Note that CORS is not an authentication mechanism.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-110">Note that CORS is not an authentication mechanism.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-111">Any request made against a storage resource when CORS is enabled must either have a proper authentication signature, or must be made against a public resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-111">Any request made against a storage resource when CORS is enabled must either have a proper authentication signature, or must be made against a public resource.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="understanding-cors-requests"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-112">Understanding CORS requests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-112">Understanding CORS requests</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-113">A CORS request from an origin domain may consist of two separate requests:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-113">A CORS request from an origin domain may consist of two separate requests:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-114">A preflight request, which queries the CORS restrictions imposed by the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-114">A preflight request, which queries the CORS restrictions imposed by the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-115">The preflight request is required unless the request method is a [simple method](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/), meaning GET, HEAD, or POST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-115">The preflight request is required unless the request method is a [simple method](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/), meaning GET, HEAD, or POST.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-116">The actual request, made against the desired resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-116">The actual request, made against the desired resource.</span></span>

### <a name="preflight-request"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-117">Preflight request</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-117">Preflight request</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-118">The preflight request queries the CORS restrictions that have been established for the storage service by the account owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-118">The preflight request queries the CORS restrictions that have been established for the storage service by the account owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-119">The web browser (or other user agent) sends an OPTIONS request that includes the request headers, method and origin domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-119">The web browser (or other user agent) sends an OPTIONS request that includes the request headers, method and origin domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-120">The storage service evaluates the intended operation based on a pre-configured set of CORS rules that specify which origin domains, request methods, and request headers may be specified on an actual request against a storage resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-120">The storage service evaluates the intended operation based on a pre-configured set of CORS rules that specify which origin domains, request methods, and request headers may be specified on an actual request against a storage resource.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-121">If CORS is enabled for the service and there is a CORS rule that matches the preflight request, the service responds with status code 200 (OK), and includes the required Access-Control headers in the response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-121">If CORS is enabled for the service and there is a CORS rule that matches the preflight request, the service responds with status code 200 (OK), and includes the required Access-Control headers in the response.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-122">If CORS is not enabled for the service or no CORS rule matches the preflight request, the service will respond with status code 403 (Forbidden).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-122">If CORS is not enabled for the service or no CORS rule matches the preflight request, the service will respond with status code 403 (Forbidden).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-123">If the OPTIONS request doesn't contain the required CORS headers (the Origin and Access-Control-Request-Method headers), the service will respond with status code 400 (Bad request).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-123">If the OPTIONS request doesn't contain the required CORS headers (the Origin and Access-Control-Request-Method headers), the service will respond with status code 400 (Bad request).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-124">Note that a preflight request is evaluated against the service (Blob, Queue, and Table) and not against the requested resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-124">Note that a preflight request is evaluated against the service (Blob, Queue, and Table) and not against the requested resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-125">The account owner must have enabled CORS as part of the account service properties in order for the request to succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-125">The account owner must have enabled CORS as part of the account service properties in order for the request to succeed.</span></span>

### <a name="actual-request"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-126">Actual request</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-126">Actual request</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-127">Once the preflight request is accepted and the response is returned, the browser will dispatch the actual request against the storage resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-127">Once the preflight request is accepted and the response is returned, the browser will dispatch the actual request against the storage resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-128">The browser will deny the actual request immediately if the preflight request is rejected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-128">The browser will deny the actual request immediately if the preflight request is rejected.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-129">The actual request is treated as normal request against the storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-129">The actual request is treated as normal request against the storage service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-130">The presence of the Origin header indicates that the request is a CORS request and the service will check the matching CORS rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-130">The presence of the Origin header indicates that the request is a CORS request and the service will check the matching CORS rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-131">If a match is found, the Access-Control headers are added to the response and sent back to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-131">If a match is found, the Access-Control headers are added to the response and sent back to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-132">If a match is not found, the CORS Access-Control headers are not returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-132">If a match is not found, the CORS Access-Control headers are not returned.</span></span>

## <a name="enabling-cors-for-the-azure-storage-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-133">Enabling CORS for the Azure Storage services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-133">Enabling CORS for the Azure Storage services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-134">CORS rules are set at the service level, so you need to enable or disable CORS for each service (Blob, Queue and Table) separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-134">CORS rules are set at the service level, so you need to enable or disable CORS for each service (Blob, Queue and Table) separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-135">By default, CORS is disabled for each service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-135">By default, CORS is disabled for each service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-136">To enable CORS, you need to set the appropriate service properties using version 2013-08-15 or later, and add CORS rules to the service properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-136">To enable CORS, you need to set the appropriate service properties using version 2013-08-15 or later, and add CORS rules to the service properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-137">For details about how to enable or disable CORS for a service and how to set CORS rules, please refer to [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), and [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-137">For details about how to enable or disable CORS for a service and how to set CORS rules, please refer to [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), and [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-138">Here is a sample of a single CORS rule, specified via a Set Service Properties operation:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-138">Here is a sample of a single CORS rule, specified via a Set Service Properties operation:</span></span>

```xml
<Cors>    
    <CorsRule>
        <AllowedOrigins>http://www.contoso.com, http://www.fabrikam.com</AllowedOrigins>
        <AllowedMethods>PUT,GET</AllowedMethods>
        <AllowedHeaders>x-ms-meta-data*,x-ms-meta-target*,x-ms-meta-abc</AllowedHeaders>
        <ExposedHeaders>x-ms-meta-*</ExposedHeaders>
        <MaxAgeInSeconds>200</MaxAgeInSeconds>
    </CorsRule>
<Cors>
```

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-139">Each element included in the CORS rule is described below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-139">Each element included in the CORS rule is described below:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-140">**AllowedOrigins**: The origin domains that are permitted to make a request against the storage service via CORS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-140">**AllowedOrigins**: The origin domains that are permitted to make a request against the storage service via CORS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-141">The origin domain is the domain from which the request originates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-141">The origin domain is the domain from which the request originates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-142">Note that the origin must be an exact case-sensitive match with the origin that the user age sends to the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-142">Note that the origin must be an exact case-sensitive match with the origin that the user age sends to the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-143">You can also use the wildcard character '\*' to allow all origin domains to make requests via CORS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-143">You can also use the wildcard character '\*' to allow all origin domains to make requests via CORS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-144">In the example above, the domains [http://www.contoso.com](http://www.contoso.com) and [http://www.fabrikam.com](http://www.fabrikam.com) can make requests against the service using CORS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-144">In the example above, the domains [http://www.contoso.com](http://www.contoso.com) and [http://www.fabrikam.com](http://www.fabrikam.com) can make requests against the service using CORS.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-145">**AllowedMethods**: The methods (HTTP request verbs) that the origin domain may use for a CORS request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-145">**AllowedMethods**: The methods (HTTP request verbs) that the origin domain may use for a CORS request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-146">In the example above, only PUT and GET requests are permitted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-146">In the example above, only PUT and GET requests are permitted.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-147">**AllowedHeaders**: The request headers that the origin domain may specify on the CORS request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-147">**AllowedHeaders**: The request headers that the origin domain may specify on the CORS request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-148">In the example above, all metadata headers starting with x-ms-meta-data, x-ms-meta-target, and x-ms-meta-abc are permitted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-148">In the example above, all metadata headers starting with x-ms-meta-data, x-ms-meta-target, and x-ms-meta-abc are permitted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-149">Note that the wildcard character '\*' indicates that any header beginning with the specified prefix is allowed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-149">Note that the wildcard character '\*' indicates that any header beginning with the specified prefix is allowed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-150">**ExposedHeaders**: The response headers that may be sent in the response to the CORS request and exposed by the browser to the request issuer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-150">**ExposedHeaders**: The response headers that may be sent in the response to the CORS request and exposed by the browser to the request issuer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-151">In the example above, the browser is instructed to expose any header beginning with x-ms-meta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-151">In the example above, the browser is instructed to expose any header beginning with x-ms-meta.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-152">**MaxAgeInSeconds**: The maximum amount time that a browser should cache the preflight OPTIONS request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-152">**MaxAgeInSeconds**: The maximum amount time that a browser should cache the preflight OPTIONS request.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-153">The Azure storage services support specifying prefixed headers for both the **AllowedHeaders** and **ExposedHeaders** elements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-153">The Azure storage services support specifying prefixed headers for both the **AllowedHeaders** and **ExposedHeaders** elements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-154">To allow a category of headers, you can specify a common prefix to that category.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-154">To allow a category of headers, you can specify a common prefix to that category.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-155">For example, specifying *x-ms-meta*\* as a prefixed header establishes a rule that will match all headers that begin with x-ms-meta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-155">For example, specifying *x-ms-meta*\* as a prefixed header establishes a rule that will match all headers that begin with x-ms-meta.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-156">The following limitations apply to CORS rules:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-156">The following limitations apply to CORS rules:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-157">You can specify up to five CORS rules per storage service (Blob, Table, and Queue).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-157">You can specify up to five CORS rules per storage service (Blob, Table, and Queue).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-158">The maximum size of all CORS rules settings on the request, excluding XML tags, should not exceed 2 KB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-158">The maximum size of all CORS rules settings on the request, excluding XML tags, should not exceed 2 KB.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-159">The length of an allowed header, exposed header, or allowed origin should not exceed 256 characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-159">The length of an allowed header, exposed header, or allowed origin should not exceed 256 characters.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-160">Allowed headers and exposed headers may be either:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-160">Allowed headers and exposed headers may be either:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-161">Literal headers, where the exact header name is provided, such as **x-ms-meta-processed**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-161">Literal headers, where the exact header name is provided, such as **x-ms-meta-processed**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-162">A maximum of 64 literal headers may be specified on the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-162">A maximum of 64 literal headers may be specified on the request.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-163">Prefixed headers, where a prefix of the header is provided, such as \*\*x-ms-meta-data\*\*\*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-163">Prefixed headers, where a prefix of the header is provided, such as \*\*x-ms-meta-data\*\*\*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-164">Specifying a prefix in this manner allows or exposes any header that begins with the given prefix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-164">Specifying a prefix in this manner allows or exposes any header that begins with the given prefix.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-165">A maximum of two prefixed headers may be specified on the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-165">A maximum of two prefixed headers may be specified on the request.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-166">The methods (or HTTP verbs) specified in the **AllowedMethods** element must conform to the methods supported by Azure storage service APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-166">The methods (or HTTP verbs) specified in the **AllowedMethods** element must conform to the methods supported by Azure storage service APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-167">Supported methods are DELETE, GET, HEAD, MERGE, POST, OPTIONS and PUT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-167">Supported methods are DELETE, GET, HEAD, MERGE, POST, OPTIONS and PUT.</span></span>

## <a name="understanding-cors-rule-evaluation-logic"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-168">Understanding CORS rule evaluation logic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-168">Understanding CORS rule evaluation logic</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-169">When a storage service receives a preflight or actual request, it evaluates that request based on the CORS rules you have established for the service via the appropriate Set Service Properties operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-169">When a storage service receives a preflight or actual request, it evaluates that request based on the CORS rules you have established for the service via the appropriate Set Service Properties operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-170">CORS rules are evaluated in the order in which they were set in the request body of the Set Service Properties operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-170">CORS rules are evaluated in the order in which they were set in the request body of the Set Service Properties operation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-171">CORS rules are evaluated as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-171">CORS rules are evaluated as follows:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-172">First, the origin domain of the request is checked against the domains listed for the **AllowedOrigins** element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-172">First, the origin domain of the request is checked against the domains listed for the **AllowedOrigins** element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-173">If the origin domain is included in the list, or all domains are allowed with the wildcard character '\*', then rules evaluation proceeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-173">If the origin domain is included in the list, or all domains are allowed with the wildcard character '\*', then rules evaluation proceeds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-174">If the origin domain is not included, then the request fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-174">If the origin domain is not included, then the request fails.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-175">Next, the method (or HTTP verb) of the request is checked against the methods listed in the **AllowedMethods** element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-175">Next, the method (or HTTP verb) of the request is checked against the methods listed in the **AllowedMethods** element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-176">If the method is included in the list, then rules evaluation proceeds; if not, then the request fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-176">If the method is included in the list, then rules evaluation proceeds; if not, then the request fails.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-177">If the request matches a rule in its origin domain and its method, that rule is selected to process the request and no further rules are evaluated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-177">If the request matches a rule in its origin domain and its method, that rule is selected to process the request and no further rules are evaluated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-178">Before the request can succeed, however, any headers specified on the request are checked against the headers listed in the **AllowedHeaders** element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-178">Before the request can succeed, however, any headers specified on the request are checked against the headers listed in the **AllowedHeaders** element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-179">If the headers sent do not match the allowed headers, the request fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-179">If the headers sent do not match the allowed headers, the request fails.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-180">Since the rules are processed in the order they are present in the request body, best practices recommend that you specify the most restrictive rules with respect to origins first in the list, so that these are evaluated first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-180">Since the rules are processed in the order they are present in the request body, best practices recommend that you specify the most restrictive rules with respect to origins first in the list, so that these are evaluated first.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-181">Specify rules that are less restrictive – for example, a rule to allow all origins – at the end of the list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-181">Specify rules that are less restrictive – for example, a rule to allow all origins – at the end of the list.</span></span>

### <a name="example--cors-rules-evaluation"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-182">Example – CORS rules evaluation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-182">Example – CORS rules evaluation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-183">The following example shows a partial request body for an operation to set CORS rules for the storage services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-183">The following example shows a partial request body for an operation to set CORS rules for the storage services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-184">See [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), and [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx) for details on constructing the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-184">See [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), and [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx) for details on constructing the request.</span></span>

```xml
<Cors>
    <CorsRule>
        <AllowedOrigins>http://www.contoso.com</AllowedOrigins>
        <AllowedMethods>PUT,HEAD</AllowedMethods>
        <MaxAgeInSeconds>5</MaxAgeInSeconds>
        <ExposedHeaders>x-ms-*</ExposedHeaders>
        <AllowedHeaders>x-ms-blob-content-type, x-ms-blob-content-disposition</AllowedHeaders>
    </CorsRule>
    <CorsRule>
        <AllowedOrigins>*</AllowedOrigins>
        <AllowedMethods>PUT,GET</AllowedMethods>
        <MaxAgeInSeconds>5</MaxAgeInSeconds>
        <ExposedHeaders>x-ms-*</ExposedHeaders>
        <AllowedHeaders>x-ms-blob-content-type, x-ms-blob-content-disposition</AllowedHeaders>
    </CorsRule>
    <CorsRule>
        <AllowedOrigins>http://www.contoso.com</AllowedOrigins>
        <AllowedMethods>GET</AllowedMethods>
        <MaxAgeInSeconds>5</MaxAgeInSeconds>
        <ExposedHeaders>x-ms-*</ExposedHeaders>
        <AllowedHeaders>x-ms-client-request-id</AllowedHeaders>
    </CorsRule>
</Cors>
```

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-185">Next, consider the following CORS requests:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-185">Next, consider the following CORS requests:</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-186">Request</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-186">Request</span></span> |  |  | <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-187">Response</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-187">Response</span></span> |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-188">**Method**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-188">**Method**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-189">**Origin**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-189">**Origin**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-190">**Request Headers**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-190">**Request Headers**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-191">**Rule Match**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-191">**Rule Match**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-192">**Result**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-192">**Result**</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-193">**PUT**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-193">**PUT**</span></span> |http://www.contoso.com |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-194">x-ms-blob-content-type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-194">x-ms-blob-content-type</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-195">First rule</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-195">First rule</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-196">Success</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-196">Success</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-197">**GET**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-197">**GET**</span></span> |http://www.contoso.com |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-198">x-ms-blob-content-type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-198">x-ms-blob-content-type</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-199">Second rule</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-199">Second rule</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-200">Success</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-200">Success</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-201">**GET**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-201">**GET**</span></span> |http://www.contoso.com |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-202">x-ms-client-request-id</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-202">x-ms-client-request-id</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-203">Second rule</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-203">Second rule</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-204">Failure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-204">Failure</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-205">The first request matches the first rule – the origin domain matches the allowed origins, the method matches the allowed methods, and the header matches the allowed headers – and so succeeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-205">The first request matches the first rule – the origin domain matches the allowed origins, the method matches the allowed methods, and the header matches the allowed headers – and so succeeds.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-206">The second request does not match the first rule because the method does not match the allowed methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-206">The second request does not match the first rule because the method does not match the allowed methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-207">It does, however, match the second rule, so it succeeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-207">It does, however, match the second rule, so it succeeds.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-208">The third request matches the second rule in its origin domain and method, so no further rules are evaluated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-208">The third request matches the second rule in its origin domain and method, so no further rules are evaluated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-209">However, the *x-ms-client-request-id header* is not allowed by the second rule, so the request fails, despite the fact that the semantics of the third rule would have allowed it to succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-209">However, the *x-ms-client-request-id header* is not allowed by the second rule, so the request fails, despite the fact that the semantics of the third rule would have allowed it to succeed.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-210">Although this example shows a less restrictive rule before a more restrictive one, in general the best practice is to list the most restrictive rules first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-210">Although this example shows a less restrictive rule before a more restrictive one, in general the best practice is to list the most restrictive rules first.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="understanding-how-the-vary-header-is-set"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-211">Understanding how the Vary header is set</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-211">Understanding how the Vary header is set</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-212">The *Vary* header is a standard HTTP/1.1 header consisting of a set of request header fields that advise the browser or user agent about the criteria that were selected by the server to process the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-212">The *Vary* header is a standard HTTP/1.1 header consisting of a set of request header fields that advise the browser or user agent about the criteria that were selected by the server to process the request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-213">The *Vary* header is mainly used for caching by proxies, browsers, and CDNs, which use it to determine how the response should be cached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-213">The *Vary* header is mainly used for caching by proxies, browsers, and CDNs, which use it to determine how the response should be cached.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-214">For details, see the specification for the [Vary header](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-214">For details, see the specification for the [Vary header](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-215">When the browser or another user agent caches the response from a CORS request, the origin domain is cached as the allowed origin.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-215">When the browser or another user agent caches the response from a CORS request, the origin domain is cached as the allowed origin.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-216">When a second domain issues the same request for a storage resource while the cache is active, the user agent retrieves the cached origin domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-216">When a second domain issues the same request for a storage resource while the cache is active, the user agent retrieves the cached origin domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-217">The second domain does not match the cached domain, so the request fails when it would otherwise succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-217">The second domain does not match the cached domain, so the request fails when it would otherwise succeed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-218">In certain cases, Azure Storage sets the Vary header to **Origin** to instruct the user agent to send the subsequent CORS request to the service when the requesting domain differs from the cached origin.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-218">In certain cases, Azure Storage sets the Vary header to **Origin** to instruct the user agent to send the subsequent CORS request to the service when the requesting domain differs from the cached origin.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-219">Azure Storage sets the *Vary* header to **Origin** for actual GET/HEAD requests in the following cases:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-219">Azure Storage sets the *Vary* header to **Origin** for actual GET/HEAD requests in the following cases:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-220">When the request origin exactly matches the allowed origin defined by a CORS rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-220">When the request origin exactly matches the allowed origin defined by a CORS rule.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-221">To be an exact match, the CORS rule may not include a wildcard ' \* ' character.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-221">To be an exact match, the CORS rule may not include a wildcard ' \* ' character.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-222">There is no rule matching the request origin, but CORS is enabled for the storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-222">There is no rule matching the request origin, but CORS is enabled for the storage service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-223">In the case where a GET/HEAD request matches a CORS rule that allows all origins, the response indicates that all origins are allowed, and the user agent cache will allow subsequent requests from any origin domain while the cache is active.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-223">In the case where a GET/HEAD request matches a CORS rule that allows all origins, the response indicates that all origins are allowed, and the user agent cache will allow subsequent requests from any origin domain while the cache is active.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-224">Note that for requests using methods other than GET/HEAD, the storage services will not set the Vary header, since responses to these methods are not cached by user agents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-224">Note that for requests using methods other than GET/HEAD, the storage services will not set the Vary header, since responses to these methods are not cached by user agents.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-225">The following table indicates how Azure storage will respond to GET/HEAD requests based on the previously mentioned cases:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-225">The following table indicates how Azure storage will respond to GET/HEAD requests based on the previously mentioned cases:</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-226">Request</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-226">Request</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-227">Account setting and result of rule evaluation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-227">Account setting and result of rule evaluation</span></span> |  |  | <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-228">Response</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-228">Response</span></span> |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-229">**Origin header present on request**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-229">**Origin header present on request**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-230">**CORS rule(s) specified for this service**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-230">**CORS rule(s) specified for this service**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-231">**Matching rule exists that allows all origins(\*)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-231">**Matching rule exists that allows all origins(\*)**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-232">**Matching rule exists for exact origin match**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-232">**Matching rule exists for exact origin match**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-233">**Response includes Vary header set to Origin**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-233">**Response includes Vary header set to Origin**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-234">**Response includes Access-Control-Allowed-Origin: "\*"**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-234">**Response includes Access-Control-Allowed-Origin: "\*"**</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-235">**Response includes Access-Control-Exposed-Headers**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-235">**Response includes Access-Control-Exposed-Headers**</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-236">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-236">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-237">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-237">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-238">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-238">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-239">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-239">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-240">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-240">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-241">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-241">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-242">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-242">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-243">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-243">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-244">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-244">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-245">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-245">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-246">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-246">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-247">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-247">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-248">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-248">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-249">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-249">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-250">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-250">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-251">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-251">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-252">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-252">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-253">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-253">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-254">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-254">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-255">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-255">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-256">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-256">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-257">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-257">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-258">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-258">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-259">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-259">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-260">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-260">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-261">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-261">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-262">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-262">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-263">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-263">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-264">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-264">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-265">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-265">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-266">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-266">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-267">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-267">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-268">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-268">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-269">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-269">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-270">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-270">Yes</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-271">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-271">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-272">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-272">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-273">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-273">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-274">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-274">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-275">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-275">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-276">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-276">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-277">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-277">No</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-278">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-278">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-279">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-279">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-280">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-280">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-281">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-281">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-282">No</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-282">No</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-283">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-283">Yes</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-284">Yes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-284">Yes</span></span> |

## <a name="billing-for-cors-requests"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-285">Billing for CORS requests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-285">Billing for CORS requests</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-286">Successful preflight requests are billed if you have enabled CORS for any of the storage services for your account (by calling [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), or [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-286">Successful preflight requests are billed if you have enabled CORS for any of the storage services for your account (by calling [Set Blob Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx), [Set Queue Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx), or [Set Table Service Properties](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8aeef-287">To minimize charges, consider setting the **MaxAgeInSeconds** element in your CORS rules to a large value so that the user agent caches the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-287">To minimize charges, consider setting the **MaxAgeInSeconds** element in your CORS rules to a large value so that the user agent caches the request.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-288">Unsuccessful preflight requests will not be billed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-288">Unsuccessful preflight requests will not be billed.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="8aeef-289">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-289">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-290">Set Blob Service Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-290">Set Blob Service Properties</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452235.aspx)

[<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-291">Set Queue Service Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-291">Set Queue Service Properties</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452232.aspx)

[<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-292">Set Table Service Properties</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-292">Set Table Service Properties</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh452240.aspx)

[<span data-ttu-id="8aeef-293">W3C Cross-Origin Resource Sharing Specification</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8aeef-293">W3C Cross-Origin Resource Sharing Specification</span></span>](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/)

