---
title: Azure Storage Scalability and Performance Targets | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about the scalability and performance targets for Azure Storage, including capacity, request rate, and inbound and outbound bandwidth for both standard and premium storage accounts. Understand performance targets for partitions within each of the Azure Storage services.
services: storage
documentationcenter: na
author: robinsh
manager: timlt
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: be721bd3-159f-40a1-88c1-96418537fe75
ms.service: storage
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: storage
ms.date: 03/07/2017
ms.author: robinsh
ms.openlocfilehash: bffc77ba9e0413356ac366e85f2accb3c2087192
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555993"
---
# <a name="azure-storage-scalability-and-performance-targets"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-104">Azure Storage Scalability and Performance Targets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-104">Azure Storage Scalability and Performance Targets</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-105">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-105">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-106">This topic describes the scalability and performance topics for Microsoft Azure Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-106">This topic describes the scalability and performance topics for Microsoft Azure Storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-107">For a summary of other Azure limits, see [Azure Subscription and Service Limits, Quotas, and Constraints](../azure-subscription-service-limits.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-107">For a summary of other Azure limits, see [Azure Subscription and Service Limits, Quotas, and Constraints](../azure-subscription-service-limits.md).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-108">All storage accounts run on the new flat network topology and support the scalability and performance targets outlined below, regardless of when they were created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-108">All storage accounts run on the new flat network topology and support the scalability and performance targets outlined below, regardless of when they were created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-109">For more information on the Azure Storage flat network architecture and on scalability, see [Microsoft Azure Storage: A Highly Available Cloud Storage Service with Strong Consistency](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsazurestorage/archive/2011/11/20/windows-azure-storage-a-highly-available-cloud-storage-service-with-strong-consistency.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-109">For more information on the Azure Storage flat network architecture and on scalability, see [Microsoft Azure Storage: A Highly Available Cloud Storage Service with Strong Consistency](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsazurestorage/archive/2011/11/20/windows-azure-storage-a-highly-available-cloud-storage-service-with-strong-consistency.aspx).</span></span>
> 
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-110">The scalability and performance targets listed here are high-end targets, but are achievable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-110">The scalability and performance targets listed here are high-end targets, but are achievable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-111">In all cases, the request rate and bandwidth achieved by your storage account depends upon the size of objects stored, the access patterns utilized, and the type of workload your application performs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-111">In all cases, the request rate and bandwidth achieved by your storage account depends upon the size of objects stored, the access patterns utilized, and the type of workload your application performs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-112">Be sure to test your service to determine whether its performance meets your requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-112">Be sure to test your service to determine whether its performance meets your requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-113">If possible, avoid sudden spikes in the rate of traffic and ensure that traffic is well-distributed across partitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-113">If possible, avoid sudden spikes in the rate of traffic and ensure that traffic is well-distributed across partitions.</span></span>
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-114">When your application reaches the limit of what a partition can handle for your workload, Azure Storage will begin to return error code 503 (Server Busy) or error code 500 (Operation Timeout) responses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-114">When your application reaches the limit of what a partition can handle for your workload, Azure Storage will begin to return error code 503 (Server Busy) or error code 500 (Operation Timeout) responses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-115">When this occurs, the application should use an exponential backoff policy for retries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-115">When this occurs, the application should use an exponential backoff policy for retries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-116">The exponential backoff allows the load on the partition to decrease, and to ease out spikes in traffic to that partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-116">The exponential backoff allows the load on the partition to decrease, and to ease out spikes in traffic to that partition.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-117">If the needs of your application exceed the scalability targets of a single storage account, you can build your application to use multiple storage accounts, and partition your data objects across those storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-117">If the needs of your application exceed the scalability targets of a single storage account, you can build your application to use multiple storage accounts, and partition your data objects across those storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-118">See [Azure Storage Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/) for information on volume pricing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-118">See [Azure Storage Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/) for information on volume pricing.</span></span>

## <a name="scalability-targets-for-blobs-queues-tables-and-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-119">Scalability targets for blobs, queues, tables, and files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-119">Scalability targets for blobs, queues, tables, and files</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [azure-storage-limits](../../includes/azure-storage-limits.md)]

<!-- conceptual info about disk limits -- applies to unmanaged and managed -->
## <a name="scalability-targets-for-virtual-machine-disks"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-120">Scalability targets for virtual machine disks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-120">Scalability targets for virtual machine disks</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [azure-storage-limits-vm-disks](../../includes/azure-storage-limits-vm-disks.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-121">See [Windows VM sizes](../virtual-machines/windows/sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) or [Linux VM sizes](../virtual-machines/linux/sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) for additional details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-121">See [Windows VM sizes](../virtual-machines/windows/sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) or [Linux VM sizes](../virtual-machines/linux/sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) for additional details.</span></span>

## <a name="managed-virtual-machine-disks"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-122">Managed virtual machine disks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-122">Managed virtual machine disks</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [azure-storage-limits-vm-disks-managed](../../includes/azure-storage-limits-vm-disks-managed.md)]

## <a name="unmanaged-virtual-machine-disks"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-123">Unmanaged virtual machine disks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-123">Unmanaged virtual machine disks</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [azure-storage-limits-vm-disks-standard](../../includes/azure-storage-limits-vm-disks-standard.md)]

[!INCLUDE [azure-storage-limits-vm-disks-premium](../../includes/azure-storage-limits-vm-disks-premium.md)]

## <a name="scalability-targets-for-azure-resource-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-124">Scalability targets for Azure resource manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-124">Scalability targets for Azure resource manager</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [azure-storage-limits-azure-resource-manager](../../includes/azure-storage-limits-azure-resource-manager.md)]

## <a name="partitions-in-azure-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-125">Partitions in Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-125">Partitions in Azure Storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-126">Every object that holds data that is stored in Azure Storage (blobs, messages, entities, and files) belongs to a partition, and is identified by a partition key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-126">Every object that holds data that is stored in Azure Storage (blobs, messages, entities, and files) belongs to a partition, and is identified by a partition key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-127">The partition determines how Azure Storage load balances blobs, messages, entities, and files across servers to meet the traffic needs of those objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-127">The partition determines how Azure Storage load balances blobs, messages, entities, and files across servers to meet the traffic needs of those objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-128">The partition key is unique and is used to locate a blob, message, or entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-128">The partition key is unique and is used to locate a blob, message, or entity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-129">The table shown above in [Scalability Targets for Standard Storage Accounts](#standard-storage-accounts) lists the performance targets for a single partition for each service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-129">The table shown above in [Scalability Targets for Standard Storage Accounts](#standard-storage-accounts) lists the performance targets for a single partition for each service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-130">Partitions affect load balancing and scalability for each of the storage services in the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-130">Partitions affect load balancing and scalability for each of the storage services in the following ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-131">**Blobs**: The partition key for a blob is account name + container name + blob name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-131">**Blobs**: The partition key for a blob is account name + container name + blob name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-132">This means that each blob can have its own partition if load on the blob demands it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-132">This means that each blob can have its own partition if load on the blob demands it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-133">Blobs can be distributed across many servers in order to scale out access to them, but a single blob can only be served by a single server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-133">Blobs can be distributed across many servers in order to scale out access to them, but a single blob can only be served by a single server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-134">While blobs can be logically grouped in blob containers, there are no partitioning implications from this grouping.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-134">While blobs can be logically grouped in blob containers, there are no partitioning implications from this grouping.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-135">**Files**: The partition key for a file is account name + file share name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-135">**Files**: The partition key for a file is account name + file share name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-136">This means all files in a file share are also in a single partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-136">This means all files in a file share are also in a single partition.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-137">**Messages**: The partition key for a message is the account name + queue name, so all messages in a queue are grouped into a single partition and are served by a single server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-137">**Messages**: The partition key for a message is the account name + queue name, so all messages in a queue are grouped into a single partition and are served by a single server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-138">Different queues may be processed by different servers to balance the load for however many queues a storage account may have.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-138">Different queues may be processed by different servers to balance the load for however many queues a storage account may have.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-139">**Entities**: The partition key for an entity is account name + table name + partition key, where the partition key is the value of the required user-defined **PartitionKey** property for the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-139">**Entities**: The partition key for an entity is account name + table name + partition key, where the partition key is the value of the required user-defined **PartitionKey** property for the entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-140">All entities with the same partition key value are grouped into the same partition and are served by the same partition server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-140">All entities with the same partition key value are grouped into the same partition and are served by the same partition server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-141">This is an important point to understand in designing your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-141">This is an important point to understand in designing your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-142">Your application should balance the scalability benefits of spreading entities across multiple partitions with the data access advantages of grouping entities in a single partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-142">Your application should balance the scalability benefits of spreading entities across multiple partitions with the data access advantages of grouping entities in a single partition.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-143">A key advantage to grouping a set of entities in a table into a single partition is that it's possible to perform atomic batch operations across entities in the same partition, since a partition exists on a single server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-143">A key advantage to grouping a set of entities in a table into a single partition is that it's possible to perform atomic batch operations across entities in the same partition, since a partition exists on a single server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-144">Therefore, if you wish to perform batch operations on a group of entities, consider grouping them with the same partition key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-144">Therefore, if you wish to perform batch operations on a group of entities, consider grouping them with the same partition key.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-145">On the other hand, entities that are in the same table but have different partition keys can be load balanced across different servers, making it possible to have greater scalability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-145">On the other hand, entities that are in the same table but have different partition keys can be load balanced across different servers, making it possible to have greater scalability.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-146">Detailed recommendations for designing partitioning strategy for tables can be found [here](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/hh508997.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-146">Detailed recommendations for designing partitioning strategy for tables can be found [here](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/hh508997.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-147">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-147">See Also</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-148">Storage Pricing Details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-148">Storage Pricing Details</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-149">Azure Subscription and Service Limits, Quotas, and Constraints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-149">Azure Subscription and Service Limits, Quotas, and Constraints</span></span>](../azure-subscription-service-limits.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-150">Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure Virtual Machine Workloads</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-150">Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure Virtual Machine Workloads</span></span>](storage-premium-storage.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-151">Azure Storage Replication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-151">Azure Storage Replication</span></span>](storage-redundancy.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-152">Microsoft Azure Storage Performance and Scalability Checklist</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-152">Microsoft Azure Storage Performance and Scalability Checklist</span></span>](storage-performance-checklist.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b1a5d-153">Microsoft Azure Storage: A Highly Available Cloud Storage Service with Strong Consistency</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1a5d-153">Microsoft Azure Storage: A Highly Available Cloud Storage Service with Strong Consistency</span></span>](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsazurestorage/archive/2011/11/20/windows-azure-storage-a-highly-available-cloud-storage-service-with-strong-consistency.aspx)

