---
title: Client-Side Encryption with Python for Microsoft Azure Storage | Microsoft Docs
description: The Azure Storage Client Library for Python supports client-side encryption for maximum security for your Azure Storage applications.
services: storage
documentationcenter: python
author: seguler
manager: jahogg
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: f9bf7981-9948-4f83-8931-b15679a09b8a
ms.service: storage
ms.workload: storage
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: python
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/28/2017
ms.author: seguler
ms.openlocfilehash: f5ede6209637e496b42a743784085e6a9f1f00c8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44562736"
---
# <a name="client-side-encryption-with-python-for-microsoft-azure-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-103">Client-Side Encryption with Python for Microsoft Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-103">Client-Side Encryption with Python for Microsoft Azure Storage</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [storage-selector-client-side-encryption-include](../../includes/storage-selector-client-side-encryption-include.md)]

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-105">The [Azure Storage Client Library for Python](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/azure-storage) supports encrypting data within client applications before uploading to Azure Storage, and decrypting data while downloading to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-105">The [Azure Storage Client Library for Python](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/azure-storage) supports encrypting data within client applications before uploading to Azure Storage, and decrypting data while downloading to the client.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-106">The Azure Storage Python library is in preview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-106">The Azure Storage Python library is in preview.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="encryption-and-decryption-via-the-envelope-technique"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-107">Encryption and decryption via the envelope technique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-107">Encryption and decryption via the envelope technique</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-108">The processes of encryption and decryption follow the envelope technique.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-108">The processes of encryption and decryption follow the envelope technique.</span></span>

### <a name="encryption-via-the-envelope-technique"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-109">Encryption via the envelope technique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-109">Encryption via the envelope technique</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-110">Encryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-110">Encryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-111">The Azure storage client library generates a content encryption key (CEK), which is a one-time-use symmetric key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-111">The Azure storage client library generates a content encryption key (CEK), which is a one-time-use symmetric key.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-112">User data is encrypted using this CEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-112">User data is encrypted using this CEK.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-113">The CEK is then wrapped (encrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-113">The CEK is then wrapped (encrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-114">The KEK is identified by a key identifier and can be an asymmetric key pair or a symmetric key, which is managed locally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-114">The KEK is identified by a key identifier and can be an asymmetric key pair or a symmetric key, which is managed locally.</span></span>
   <span data-ttu-id="b082f-115">The storage client library itself never has access to KEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-115">The storage client library itself never has access to KEK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-116">The library invokes the key wrapping algorithm that is provided by the KEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-116">The library invokes the key wrapping algorithm that is provided by the KEK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-117">Users can choose to use custom providers for key wrapping/unwrapping if desired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-117">Users can choose to use custom providers for key wrapping/unwrapping if desired.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-118">The encrypted data is then uploaded to the Azure Storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-118">The encrypted data is then uploaded to the Azure Storage service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-119">The wrapped key along with some additional encryption metadata is either stored as metadata (on a blob) or interpolated with the encrypted data (queue messages and table entities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-119">The wrapped key along with some additional encryption metadata is either stored as metadata (on a blob) or interpolated with the encrypted data (queue messages and table entities).</span></span>

### <a name="decryption-via-the-envelope-technique"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-120">Decryption via the envelope technique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-120">Decryption via the envelope technique</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-121">Decryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-121">Decryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-122">The client library assumes that the user is managing the key encryption key (KEK) locally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-122">The client library assumes that the user is managing the key encryption key (KEK) locally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-123">The user does not need to know the specific key that was used for encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-123">The user does not need to know the specific key that was used for encryption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-124">Instead, a key resolver, which resolves different key identifiers to keys, can be set up and used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-124">Instead, a key resolver, which resolves different key identifiers to keys, can be set up and used.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-125">The client library downloads the encrypted data along with any encryption material that is stored on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-125">The client library downloads the encrypted data along with any encryption material that is stored on the service.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-126">The wrapped content encryption key (CEK) is then unwrapped (decrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-126">The wrapped content encryption key (CEK) is then unwrapped (decrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-127">Here again, the client library does not have access to KEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-127">Here again, the client library does not have access to KEK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-128">It simply invokes the custom provider's unwrapping algorithm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-128">It simply invokes the custom provider's unwrapping algorithm.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-129">The content encryption key (CEK) is then used to decrypt the encrypted user data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-129">The content encryption key (CEK) is then used to decrypt the encrypted user data.</span></span>

## <a name="encryption-mechanism"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-130">Encryption Mechanism</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-130">Encryption Mechanism</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-131">The storage client library uses [AES](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) in order to encrypt user data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-131">The storage client library uses [AES](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) in order to encrypt user data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-132">Specifically, [Cipher Block Chaining (CBC)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Block_cipher_mode_of_operation#Cipher-block_chaining_.28CBC.29) mode with AES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-132">Specifically, [Cipher Block Chaining (CBC)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Block_cipher_mode_of_operation#Cipher-block_chaining_.28CBC.29) mode with AES.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-133">Each service works somewhat differently, so we will discuss each of them here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-133">Each service works somewhat differently, so we will discuss each of them here.</span></span>

### <a name="blobs"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-134">Blobs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-134">Blobs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-135">The client library currently supports encryption of whole blobs only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-135">The client library currently supports encryption of whole blobs only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-136">Specifically, encryption is supported when users use the **create**\* methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-136">Specifically, encryption is supported when users use the **create**\* methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-137">For downloads, both complete and range downloads are supported, and parallelization of both upload and download is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-137">For downloads, both complete and range downloads are supported, and parallelization of both upload and download is available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-138">During encryption, the client library will generate a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes, together with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes, and perform envelope encryption of the blob data using this information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-138">During encryption, the client library will generate a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes, together with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes, and perform envelope encryption of the blob data using this information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-139">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as blob metadata along with the encrypted blob on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-139">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as blob metadata along with the encrypted blob on the service.</span></span>

> [!WARNING]
> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-140">If you are editing or uploading your own metadata for the blob, you need to ensure that this metadata is preserved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-140">If you are editing or uploading your own metadata for the blob, you need to ensure that this metadata is preserved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-141">If you upload new metadata without this metadata, the wrapped CEK, IV and other metadata will be lost and the blob content will never be retrievable again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-141">If you upload new metadata without this metadata, the wrapped CEK, IV and other metadata will be lost and the blob content will never be retrievable again.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-142">Downloading an encrypted blob involves retrieving the content of the entire blob using the **get**\* convenience methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-142">Downloading an encrypted blob involves retrieving the content of the entire blob using the **get**\* convenience methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-143">The wrapped CEK is unwrapped and used together with the IV (stored as blob metadata in this case) to return the decrypted data to the users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-143">The wrapped CEK is unwrapped and used together with the IV (stored as blob metadata in this case) to return the decrypted data to the users.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-144">Downloading an arbitrary range (**get**\* methods with range parameters passed in) in the encrypted blob involves adjusting the range provided by users in order to get a small amount of additional data that can be used to successfully decrypt the requested range.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-144">Downloading an arbitrary range (**get**\* methods with range parameters passed in) in the encrypted blob involves adjusting the range provided by users in order to get a small amount of additional data that can be used to successfully decrypt the requested range.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-145">Block blobs and page blobs only can be encrypted/decrypted using this scheme.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-145">Block blobs and page blobs only can be encrypted/decrypted using this scheme.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-146">There is currently no support for encrypting append blobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-146">There is currently no support for encrypting append blobs.</span></span>

### <a name="queues"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-147">Queues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-147">Queues</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-148">Since queue messages can be of any format, the client library defines a custom format that includes the Initialization Vector (IV) and the encrypted content encryption key (CEK) in the message text.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-148">Since queue messages can be of any format, the client library defines a custom format that includes the Initialization Vector (IV) and the encrypted content encryption key (CEK) in the message text.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-149">During encryption, the client library generates a random IV of 16 bytes along with a random CEK of 32 bytes and performs envelope encryption of the queue message text using this information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-149">During encryption, the client library generates a random IV of 16 bytes along with a random CEK of 32 bytes and performs envelope encryption of the queue message text using this information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-150">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then added to the encrypted queue message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-150">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then added to the encrypted queue message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-151">This modified message (shown below) is stored on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-151">This modified message (shown below) is stored on the service.</span></span>

```
<MessageText>{"EncryptedMessageContents":"6kOu8Rq1C3+M1QO4alKLmWthWXSmHV3mEfxBAgP9QGTU++MKn2uPq3t2UjF1DO6w","EncryptionData":{…}}</MessageText>
```

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-152">During decryption, the wrapped key is extracted from the queue message and unwrapped.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-152">During decryption, the wrapped key is extracted from the queue message and unwrapped.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-153">The IV is also extracted from the queue message and used along with the unwrapped key to decrypt the queue message data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-153">The IV is also extracted from the queue message and used along with the unwrapped key to decrypt the queue message data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-154">Note that the encryption metadata is small (under 500 bytes), so while it does count toward the 64KB limit for a queue message, the impact should be manageable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-154">Note that the encryption metadata is small (under 500 bytes), so while it does count toward the 64KB limit for a queue message, the impact should be manageable.</span></span>

### <a name="tables"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-155">Tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-155">Tables</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-156">The client library supports encryption of entity properties for insert and replace operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-156">The client library supports encryption of entity properties for insert and replace operations.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-157">Merge is not currently supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-157">Merge is not currently supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-158">Since a subset of properties may have been encrypted previously using a different key, simply merging the new properties and updating the metadata will result in data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-158">Since a subset of properties may have been encrypted previously using a different key, simply merging the new properties and updating the metadata will result in data loss.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-159">Merging either requires making extra service calls to read the pre-existing entity from the service, or using a new key per property, both of which are not suitable for performance reasons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-159">Merging either requires making extra service calls to read the pre-existing entity from the service, or using a new key per property, both of which are not suitable for performance reasons.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-160">Table data encryption works as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-160">Table data encryption works as follows:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-161">Users specify the properties to be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-161">Users specify the properties to be encrypted.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-162">The client library generates a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes along with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes for every entity, and performs envelope encryption on the individual properties to be encrypted by deriving a new IV per property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-162">The client library generates a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes along with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes for every entity, and performs envelope encryption on the individual properties to be encrypted by deriving a new IV per property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-163">The encrypted property is stored as binary data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-163">The encrypted property is stored as binary data.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-164">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as two additional reserved properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-164">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as two additional reserved properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-165">The first reserved property (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata1) is a string property that holds the information about IV, version, and wrapped key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-165">The first reserved property (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata1) is a string property that holds the information about IV, version, and wrapped key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-166">The second reserved property (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is a binary property that holds the information about the properties that are encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-166">The second reserved property (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is a binary property that holds the information about the properties that are encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-167">The information in this second property (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is itself encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-167">The information in this second property (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is itself encrypted.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="b082f-168">Due to these additional reserved properties required for encryption, users may now have only 250 custom properties instead of 252.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-168">Due to these additional reserved properties required for encryption, users may now have only 250 custom properties instead of 252.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-169">The total size of the entity must be less than 1MB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-169">The total size of the entity must be less than 1MB.</span></span>
   
   <span data-ttu-id="b082f-170">Note that only string properties can be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-170">Note that only string properties can be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-171">If other types of properties are to be encrypted, they must be converted to strings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-171">If other types of properties are to be encrypted, they must be converted to strings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-172">The encrypted strings are stored on the service as binary properties, and they are converted back to strings (raw strings, not EntityProperties with type EdmType.STRING) after decryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-172">The encrypted strings are stored on the service as binary properties, and they are converted back to strings (raw strings, not EntityProperties with type EdmType.STRING) after decryption.</span></span>
   
   <span data-ttu-id="b082f-173">For tables, in addition to the encryption policy, users must specify the properties to be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-173">For tables, in addition to the encryption policy, users must specify the properties to be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-174">This can be done by either storing these properties in TableEntity objects with the type set to EdmType.STRING and encrypt set to true or setting the encryption_resolver_function on the tableservice object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-174">This can be done by either storing these properties in TableEntity objects with the type set to EdmType.STRING and encrypt set to true or setting the encryption_resolver_function on the tableservice object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-175">An encryption resolver is a function that takes a partition key, row key, and property name and returns a boolean that indicates whether that property should be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-175">An encryption resolver is a function that takes a partition key, row key, and property name and returns a boolean that indicates whether that property should be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-176">During encryption, the client library will use this information to decide whether a property should be encrypted while writing to the wire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-176">During encryption, the client library will use this information to decide whether a property should be encrypted while writing to the wire.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-177">The delegate also provides for the possibility of logic around how properties are encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-177">The delegate also provides for the possibility of logic around how properties are encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-178">(For example, if X, then encrypt property A; otherwise encrypt properties A and B.) Note that it is not necessary to provide this information while reading or querying entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-178">(For example, if X, then encrypt property A; otherwise encrypt properties A and B.) Note that it is not necessary to provide this information while reading or querying entities.</span></span>

### <a name="batch-operations"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-179">Batch Operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-179">Batch Operations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-180">One encryption policy applies to all rows in the batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-180">One encryption policy applies to all rows in the batch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-181">The client library will internally generate a new random IV and random CEK per row in the batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-181">The client library will internally generate a new random IV and random CEK per row in the batch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-182">Users can also choose to encrypt different properties for every operation in the batch by defining this behavior in the encryption resolver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-182">Users can also choose to encrypt different properties for every operation in the batch by defining this behavior in the encryption resolver.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-183">If a batch is created as a context manager through the tableservice batch() method, the tableservice's encryption policy will automatically be applied to the batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-183">If a batch is created as a context manager through the tableservice batch() method, the tableservice's encryption policy will automatically be applied to the batch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-184">If a batch is created explicitly by calling the constructor, the encryption policy must be passed as a parameter and left unmodified for the lifetime of the batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-184">If a batch is created explicitly by calling the constructor, the encryption policy must be passed as a parameter and left unmodified for the lifetime of the batch.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-185">Note that entities are encrypted as they are inserted into the batch using the batch's encryption policy (entities are NOT encrypted at the time of committing the batch using the tableservice's encryption policy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-185">Note that entities are encrypted as they are inserted into the batch using the batch's encryption policy (entities are NOT encrypted at the time of committing the batch using the tableservice's encryption policy).</span></span>

### <a name="queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-186">Queries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-186">Queries</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-187">To perform query operations, you must specify a key resolver that is able to resolve all the keys in the result set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-187">To perform query operations, you must specify a key resolver that is able to resolve all the keys in the result set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-188">If an entity contained in the query result cannot be resolved to a provider, the client library will throw an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-188">If an entity contained in the query result cannot be resolved to a provider, the client library will throw an error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-189">For any query that performs server side projections, the client library will add the special encryption metadata properties (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata1 and \_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) by default to the selected columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-189">For any query that performs server side projections, the client library will add the special encryption metadata properties (\_ClientEncryptionMetadata1 and \_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) by default to the selected columns.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-190">Be aware of these important points when using client-side encryption:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-190">Be aware of these important points when using client-side encryption:</span></span>
> 
> * <span data-ttu-id="b082f-191">When reading from or writing to an encrypted blob, use whole blob upload commands and range/whole blob download commands.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-191">When reading from or writing to an encrypted blob, use whole blob upload commands and range/whole blob download commands.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-192">Avoid writing to an encrypted blob using protocol operations such as Put Block, Put Block List, Write Pages, or Clear Pages; otherwise you may corrupt the encrypted blob and make it unreadable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-192">Avoid writing to an encrypted blob using protocol operations such as Put Block, Put Block List, Write Pages, or Clear Pages; otherwise you may corrupt the encrypted blob and make it unreadable.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="b082f-193">For tables, a similar constraint exists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-193">For tables, a similar constraint exists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-194">Be careful to not update encrypted properties without updating the encryption metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-194">Be careful to not update encrypted properties without updating the encryption metadata.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="b082f-195">If you set metadata on the encrypted blob, you may overwrite the encryption-related metadata required for decryption, since setting metadata is not additive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-195">If you set metadata on the encrypted blob, you may overwrite the encryption-related metadata required for decryption, since setting metadata is not additive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-196">This is also true for snapshots; avoid specifying metadata while creating a snapshot of an encrypted blob.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-196">This is also true for snapshots; avoid specifying metadata while creating a snapshot of an encrypted blob.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-197">If metadata must be set, be sure to call the **get_blob_metadata** method first to get the current encryption metadata, and avoid concurrent writes while metadata is being set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-197">If metadata must be set, be sure to call the **get_blob_metadata** method first to get the current encryption metadata, and avoid concurrent writes while metadata is being set.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="b082f-198">Enable the **require_encryption** flag on the service object for users that should work only with encrypted data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-198">Enable the **require_encryption** flag on the service object for users that should work only with encrypted data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-199">See below for more info.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-199">See below for more info.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-200">The storage client library expects the provided KEK and key resolver to implement the following interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-200">The storage client library expects the provided KEK and key resolver to implement the following interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-201">[Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/key-vault/) support for Python KEK management is pending and will be integrated into this library when completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-201">[Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/key-vault/) support for Python KEK management is pending and will be integrated into this library when completed.</span></span>

## <a name="client-api--interface"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-202">Client API / Interface</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-202">Client API / Interface</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-203">After a storage service object (i.e. blockblobservice) has been created, the user may assign values to the fields that constitute an encryption policy: key_encryption_key, key_resolver_function, and require_encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-203">After a storage service object (i.e. blockblobservice) has been created, the user may assign values to the fields that constitute an encryption policy: key_encryption_key, key_resolver_function, and require_encryption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-204">Users can provide only a KEK, only a resolver, or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-204">Users can provide only a KEK, only a resolver, or both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-205">key_encryption_key is the basic key type that is identified using a key identifier and that provides the logic for wrapping/unwrapping.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-205">key_encryption_key is the basic key type that is identified using a key identifier and that provides the logic for wrapping/unwrapping.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-206">key_resolver_function is used to resolve a key during the decryption process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-206">key_resolver_function is used to resolve a key during the decryption process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-207">It returns a valid KEK given a key identifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-207">It returns a valid KEK given a key identifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-208">This provides users the ability to choose between multiple keys that are managed in multiple locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-208">This provides users the ability to choose between multiple keys that are managed in multiple locations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-209">The KEK must implement the following methods to successfully encrypt data:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-209">The KEK must implement the following methods to successfully encrypt data:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-210">wrap_key(cek): Wraps the specified CEK (bytes) using an algorithm of the user's choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-210">wrap_key(cek): Wraps the specified CEK (bytes) using an algorithm of the user's choice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-211">Returns the wrapped key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-211">Returns the wrapped key.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-212">get_key_wrap_algorithm(): Returns the algorithm used to wrap keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-212">get_key_wrap_algorithm(): Returns the algorithm used to wrap keys.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-213">get_kid(): Returns the string key id for this KEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-213">get_kid(): Returns the string key id for this KEK.</span></span>
  <span data-ttu-id="b082f-214">The KEK must implement the following methods to successfully decrypt data:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-214">The KEK must implement the following methods to successfully decrypt data:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-215">unwrap_key(cek, algorithm): Returns the unwrapped form of the specified CEK using the string-specified algorithm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-215">unwrap_key(cek, algorithm): Returns the unwrapped form of the specified CEK using the string-specified algorithm.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-216">get_kid(): Returns a string key id for this KEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-216">get_kid(): Returns a string key id for this KEK.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b082f-217">The key resolver must at least implement a method that, given a key id, returns the corresponding KEK implementing the interface above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-217">The key resolver must at least implement a method that, given a key id, returns the corresponding KEK implementing the interface above.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-218">Only this method is to be assigned to the key_resolver_function property on the service object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-218">Only this method is to be assigned to the key_resolver_function property on the service object.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-219">For encryption, the key is used always and the absence of a key will result in an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-219">For encryption, the key is used always and the absence of a key will result in an error.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-220">For decryption:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-220">For decryption:</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="b082f-221">The key resolver is invoked if specified to get the key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-221">The key resolver is invoked if specified to get the key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-222">If the resolver is specified but does not have a mapping for the key identifier, an error is thrown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-222">If the resolver is specified but does not have a mapping for the key identifier, an error is thrown.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b082f-223">If resolver is not specified but a key is specified, the key is used if its identifier matches the required key identifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-223">If resolver is not specified but a key is specified, the key is used if its identifier matches the required key identifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-224">If the identifier does not match, an error is thrown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-224">If the identifier does not match, an error is thrown.</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="b082f-225">The encryption samples in azure.storage.samples <fix URL>demonstrate a more detailed end-to-end scenario for blobs, queues and tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-225">The encryption samples in azure.storage.samples <fix URL>demonstrate a more detailed end-to-end scenario for blobs, queues and tables.</span></span>
      <span data-ttu-id="b082f-226">Sample implementations of the KEK and key resolver are provided in the sample files as KeyWrapper and KeyResolver respectively.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-226">Sample implementations of the KEK and key resolver are provided in the sample files as KeyWrapper and KeyResolver respectively.</span></span>

### <a name="requireencryption-mode"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-227">RequireEncryption mode</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-227">RequireEncryption mode</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-228">Users can optionally enable a mode of operation where all uploads and downloads must be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-228">Users can optionally enable a mode of operation where all uploads and downloads must be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-229">In this mode, attempts to upload data without an encryption policy or download data that is not encrypted on the service will fail on the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-229">In this mode, attempts to upload data without an encryption policy or download data that is not encrypted on the service will fail on the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-230">The **require_encryption** flag on the service object controls this behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-230">The **require_encryption** flag on the service object controls this behavior.</span></span>

### <a name="blob-service-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-231">Blob service encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-231">Blob service encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-232">Set the encryption policy fields on the blockblobservice object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-232">Set the encryption policy fields on the blockblobservice object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-233">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-233">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span></span>

```python
# Create the KEK used for encryption.
# KeyWrapper is the provided sample implementation, but the user may use their own object as long as it implements the interface above.
kek = KeyWrapper('local:key1') # Key identifier

# Create the key resolver used for decryption.
# KeyResolver is the provided sample implementation, but the user may use whatever implementation they choose so long as the function set on the service object behaves appropriately.
key_resolver = KeyResolver()
key_resolver.put_key(kek)

# Set the KEK and key resolver on the service object.
my_block_blob_service.key_encryption_key = kek
my_block_blob_service.key_resolver_funcion = key_resolver.resolve_key

# Upload the encrypted contents to the blob.
my_block_blob_service.create_blob_from_stream(container_name, blob_name, stream)

# Download and decrypt the encrypted contents from the blob.
blob = my_block_blob_service.get_blob_to_bytes(container_name, blob_name)
```

### <a name="queue-service-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-234">Queue service encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-234">Queue service encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-235">Set the encryption policy fields on the queueservice object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-235">Set the encryption policy fields on the queueservice object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-236">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-236">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span></span>

```python
# Create the KEK used for encryption.
# KeyWrapper is the provided sample implementation, but the user may use their own object as long as it implements the interface above.
kek = KeyWrapper('local:key1') # Key identifier

# Create the key resolver used for decryption.
# KeyResolver is the provided sample implementation, but the user may use whatever implementation they choose so long as the function set on the service object behaves appropriately.
key_resolver = KeyResolver()
key_resolver.put_key(kek)

# Set the KEK and key resolver on the service object.
my_queue_service.key_encryption_key = kek
my_queue_service.key_resolver_funcion = key_resolver.resolve_key

# Add message
my_queue_service.put_message(queue_name, content)

# Retrieve message
retrieved_message_list = my_queue_service.get_messages(queue_name)
```

### <a name="table-service-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-237">Table service encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-237">Table service encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-238">In addition to creating an encryption policy and setting it on request options, you must either specify an **encryption_resolver_function** on the **tableservice**, or set the encrypt attribute on the EntityProperty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-238">In addition to creating an encryption policy and setting it on request options, you must either specify an **encryption_resolver_function** on the **tableservice**, or set the encrypt attribute on the EntityProperty.</span></span>

### <a name="using-the-resolver"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-239">Using the resolver</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-239">Using the resolver</span></span>

```python
# Create the KEK used for encryption.
# KeyWrapper is the provided sample implementation, but the user may use their own object as long as it implements the interface above.
kek = KeyWrapper('local:key1') # Key identifier

# Create the key resolver used for decryption.
# KeyResolver is the provided sample implementation, but the user may use whatever implementation they choose so long as the function set on the service object behaves appropriately.
key_resolver = KeyResolver()
key_resolver.put_key(kek)

# Define the encryption resolver_function.
def my_encryption_resolver(pk, rk, property_name):
        if property_name == 'foo':
                return True
        return False

# Set the KEK and key resolver on the service object.
my_table_service.key_encryption_key = kek
my_table_service.key_resolver_funcion = key_resolver.resolve_key
my_table_service.encryption_resolver_function = my_encryption_resolver

# Insert Entity
my_table_service.insert_entity(table_name, entity)

# Retrieve Entity
# Note: No need to specify an encryption resolver for retrieve, but it is harmless to leave the property set.
my_table_service.get_entity(table_name, entity['PartitionKey'], entity['RowKey'])
```

### <a name="using-attributes"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-240">Using attributes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-240">Using attributes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-241">As mentioned above, a property may be marked for encryption by storing it in an EntityProperty object and setting the encrypt field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-241">As mentioned above, a property may be marked for encryption by storing it in an EntityProperty object and setting the encrypt field.</span></span>

```python
encrypted_property_1 = EntityProperty(EdmType.STRING, value, encrypt=True)
```

## <a name="encryption-and-performance"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-242">Encryption and performance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-242">Encryption and performance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b082f-243">Note that encrypting your storage data results in additional performance overhead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-243">Note that encrypting your storage data results in additional performance overhead.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-244">The content key and IV must be generated, the content itself must be encrypted, and additional metadata must be formatted and uploaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-244">The content key and IV must be generated, the content itself must be encrypted, and additional metadata must be formatted and uploaded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-245">This overhead will vary depending on the quantity of data being encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-245">This overhead will vary depending on the quantity of data being encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b082f-246">We recommend that customers always test their applications for performance during development.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-246">We recommend that customers always test their applications for performance during development.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="b082f-247">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-247">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-248">Download the [Azure Storage Client Library for Java PyPi package](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/azure-storage)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-248">Download the [Azure Storage Client Library for Java PyPi package](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/azure-storage)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b082f-249">Download the [Azure Storage Client Library for Python Source Code from GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-python)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b082f-249">Download the [Azure Storage Client Library for Python Source Code from GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-python)</span></span>