---
title: Client-Side Encryption with .NET for Microsoft Azure Storage | Microsoft Docs
description: The Azure Storage Client Library for .NET supports client-side encryption and integration with Azure Key Vault for maximum security for your Azure Storage applications.
services: storage
documentationcenter: .net
author: robinsh
manager: timlt
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: becfccca-510a-479e-a798-2044becd9a64
ms.service: storage
ms.workload: storage
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 12/08/2016
ms.author: robinsh
ms.openlocfilehash: 5413e86ac3c83947566b2686392612bd33c4483f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553310"
---
# <a name="client-side-encryption-and-azure-key-vault-for-microsoft-azure-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-103">Client-Side Encryption and Azure Key Vault for Microsoft Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-103">Client-Side Encryption and Azure Key Vault for Microsoft Azure Storage</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [storage-selector-client-side-encryption-include](../../includes/storage-selector-client-side-encryption-include.md)]

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-105">The [Azure Storage Client Library for .NET Nuget package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WindowsAzure.Storage) supports encrypting data within client applications before uploading to Azure Storage, and decrypting data while downloading to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-105">The [Azure Storage Client Library for .NET Nuget package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WindowsAzure.Storage) supports encrypting data within client applications before uploading to Azure Storage, and decrypting data while downloading to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-106">The library also supports integration with [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/key-vault/) for storage account key management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-106">The library also supports integration with [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/key-vault/) for storage account key management.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-107">For a step-by-step tutorial that leads you through the process of encrypting blobs using client-side encryption and Azure Key Vault, see [Encrypt and decrypt blobs in Microsoft Azure Storage using Azure Key Vault](storage-encrypt-decrypt-blobs-key-vault.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-107">For a step-by-step tutorial that leads you through the process of encrypting blobs using client-side encryption and Azure Key Vault, see [Encrypt and decrypt blobs in Microsoft Azure Storage using Azure Key Vault](storage-encrypt-decrypt-blobs-key-vault.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-108">For client-side encryption with Java, see [Client-Side Encryption with Java for Microsoft Azure Storage](storage-client-side-encryption-java.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-108">For client-side encryption with Java, see [Client-Side Encryption with Java for Microsoft Azure Storage](storage-client-side-encryption-java.md).</span></span>

## <a name="encryption-and-decryption-via-the-envelope-technique"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-109">Encryption and decryption via the envelope technique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-109">Encryption and decryption via the envelope technique</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-110">The processes of encryption and decryption follow the envelope technique.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-110">The processes of encryption and decryption follow the envelope technique.</span></span>

### <a name="encryption-via-the-envelope-technique"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-111">Encryption via the envelope technique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-111">Encryption via the envelope technique</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-112">Encryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-112">Encryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-113">The Azure storage client library generates a content encryption key (CEK), which is a one-time-use symmetric key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-113">The Azure storage client library generates a content encryption key (CEK), which is a one-time-use symmetric key.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-114">User data is encrypted using this CEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-114">User data is encrypted using this CEK.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-115">The CEK is then wrapped (encrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-115">The CEK is then wrapped (encrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-116">The KEK is identified by a key identifier and can be an asymmetric key pair or a symmetric key and can be managed locally or stored in Azure Key Vaults.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-116">The KEK is identified by a key identifier and can be an asymmetric key pair or a symmetric key and can be managed locally or stored in Azure Key Vaults.</span></span>
   
    <span data-ttu-id="60d54-117">The storage client library itself never has access to KEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-117">The storage client library itself never has access to KEK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-118">The library invokes the key wrapping algorithm that is provided by Key Vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-118">The library invokes the key wrapping algorithm that is provided by Key Vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-119">Users can choose to use custom providers for key wrapping/unwrapping if desired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-119">Users can choose to use custom providers for key wrapping/unwrapping if desired.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-120">The encrypted data is then uploaded to the Azure Storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-120">The encrypted data is then uploaded to the Azure Storage service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-121">The wrapped key along with some additional encryption metadata is either stored as metadata (on a blob) or interpolated with the encrypted data (queue messages and table entities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-121">The wrapped key along with some additional encryption metadata is either stored as metadata (on a blob) or interpolated with the encrypted data (queue messages and table entities).</span></span>

### <a name="decryption-via-the-envelope-technique"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-122">Decryption via the envelope technique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-122">Decryption via the envelope technique</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-123">Decryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-123">Decryption via the envelope technique works in the following way:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-124">The client library assumes that the user is managing the key encryption key (KEK) either locally or in Azure Key Vaults.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-124">The client library assumes that the user is managing the key encryption key (KEK) either locally or in Azure Key Vaults.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-125">The user does not need to know the specific key that was used for encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-125">The user does not need to know the specific key that was used for encryption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-126">Instead, a key resolver which resolves different key identifiers to keys can be set up and used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-126">Instead, a key resolver which resolves different key identifiers to keys can be set up and used.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-127">The client library downloads the encrypted data along with any encryption material that is stored on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-127">The client library downloads the encrypted data along with any encryption material that is stored on the service.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-128">The wrapped content encryption key (CEK) is then unwrapped (decrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-128">The wrapped content encryption key (CEK) is then unwrapped (decrypted) using the key encryption key (KEK).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-129">Here again, the client library does not have access to KEK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-129">Here again, the client library does not have access to KEK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-130">It simply invokes the custom or Key Vault provider's unwrapping algorithm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-130">It simply invokes the custom or Key Vault provider's unwrapping algorithm.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-131">The content encryption key (CEK) is then used to decrypt the encrypted user data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-131">The content encryption key (CEK) is then used to decrypt the encrypted user data.</span></span>

## <a name="encryption-mechanism"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-132">Encryption Mechanism</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-132">Encryption Mechanism</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-133">The storage client library uses [AES](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) in order to encrypt user data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-133">The storage client library uses [AES](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) in order to encrypt user data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-134">Specifically, [Cipher Block Chaining (CBC)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Block_cipher_mode_of_operation#Cipher-block_chaining_.28CBC.29) mode with AES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-134">Specifically, [Cipher Block Chaining (CBC)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Block_cipher_mode_of_operation#Cipher-block_chaining_.28CBC.29) mode with AES.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-135">Each service works somewhat differently, so we will discuss each of them here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-135">Each service works somewhat differently, so we will discuss each of them here.</span></span>

### <a name="blobs"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-136">Blobs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-136">Blobs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-137">The client library currently supports encryption of whole blobs only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-137">The client library currently supports encryption of whole blobs only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-138">Specifically, encryption is supported when users use the **UploadFrom**\* methods or the **OpenWrite** method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-138">Specifically, encryption is supported when users use the **UploadFrom**\* methods or the **OpenWrite** method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-139">For downloads, both complete and range downloads are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-139">For downloads, both complete and range downloads are supported.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-140">During encryption, the client library will generate a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes, together with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes, and perform envelope encryption of the blob data using this information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-140">During encryption, the client library will generate a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes, together with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes, and perform envelope encryption of the blob data using this information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-141">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as blob metadata along with the encrypted blob on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-141">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as blob metadata along with the encrypted blob on the service.</span></span>

> [!WARNING]
> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-142">If you are editing or uploading your own metadata for the blob, you need to ensure that this metadata is preserved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-142">If you are editing or uploading your own metadata for the blob, you need to ensure that this metadata is preserved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-143">If you upload new metadata without this metadata, the wrapped CEK, IV, and other metadata will be lost and the blob content will never be retrievable again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-143">If you upload new metadata without this metadata, the wrapped CEK, IV, and other metadata will be lost and the blob content will never be retrievable again.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-144">Downloading an encrypted blob involves retrieving the content of the entire blob using the **DownloadTo\*\*\*/** BlobReadStream\*\* convenience methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-144">Downloading an encrypted blob involves retrieving the content of the entire blob using the **DownloadTo\*\*\*/** BlobReadStream\*\* convenience methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-145">The wrapped CEK is unwrapped and used together with the IV (stored as blob metadata in this case) to return the decrypted data to the users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-145">The wrapped CEK is unwrapped and used together with the IV (stored as blob metadata in this case) to return the decrypted data to the users.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-146">Downloading an arbitrary range (**DownloadRange**\* methods) in the encrypted blob involves adjusting the range provided by users in order to get a small amount of additional data that can be used to successfully decrypt the requested range.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-146">Downloading an arbitrary range (**DownloadRange**\* methods) in the encrypted blob involves adjusting the range provided by users in order to get a small amount of additional data that can be used to successfully decrypt the requested range.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-147">All blob types (block blobs, page blobs, and append blobs) can be encrypted/decrypted using this scheme.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-147">All blob types (block blobs, page blobs, and append blobs) can be encrypted/decrypted using this scheme.</span></span>

### <a name="queues"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-148">Queues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-148">Queues</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-149">Since queue messages can be of any format, the client library defines a custom format that includes the Initialization Vector (IV) and the encrypted content encryption key (CEK) in the message text.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-149">Since queue messages can be of any format, the client library defines a custom format that includes the Initialization Vector (IV) and the encrypted content encryption key (CEK) in the message text.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-150">During encryption, the client library generates a random IV of 16 bytes along with a random CEK of 32 bytes and performs envelope encryption of the queue message text using this information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-150">During encryption, the client library generates a random IV of 16 bytes along with a random CEK of 32 bytes and performs envelope encryption of the queue message text using this information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-151">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then added to the encrypted queue message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-151">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then added to the encrypted queue message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-152">This modified message (shown below) is stored on the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-152">This modified message (shown below) is stored on the service.</span></span>

    <MessageText>{"EncryptedMessageContents":"6kOu8Rq1C3+M1QO4alKLmWthWXSmHV3mEfxBAgP9QGTU++MKn2uPq3t2UjF1DO6w","EncryptionData":{…}}</MessageText>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-153">During decryption, the wrapped key is extracted from the queue message and unwrapped.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-153">During decryption, the wrapped key is extracted from the queue message and unwrapped.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-154">The IV is also extracted from the queue message and used along with the unwrapped key to decrypt the queue message data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-154">The IV is also extracted from the queue message and used along with the unwrapped key to decrypt the queue message data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-155">Note that the encryption metadata is small (under 500 bytes), so while it does count toward the 64KB limit for a queue message, the impact should be manageable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-155">Note that the encryption metadata is small (under 500 bytes), so while it does count toward the 64KB limit for a queue message, the impact should be manageable.</span></span>

### <a name="tables"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-156">Tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-156">Tables</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-157">The client library supports encryption of entity properties for insert and replace operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-157">The client library supports encryption of entity properties for insert and replace operations.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-158">Merge is not currently supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-158">Merge is not currently supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-159">Since a subset of properties may have been encrypted previously using a different key, simply merging the new properties and updating the metadata will result in data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-159">Since a subset of properties may have been encrypted previously using a different key, simply merging the new properties and updating the metadata will result in data loss.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-160">Merging either requires making extra service calls to read the pre-existing entity from the service, or using a new key per property, both of which are not suitable for performance reasons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-160">Merging either requires making extra service calls to read the pre-existing entity from the service, or using a new key per property, both of which are not suitable for performance reasons.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-161">Table data encryption works as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-161">Table data encryption works as follows:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-162">Users specify the properties to be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-162">Users specify the properties to be encrypted.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-163">The client library generates a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes along with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes for every entity, and performs envelope encryption on the individual properties to be encrypted by deriving a new IV per property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-163">The client library generates a random Initialization Vector (IV) of 16 bytes along with a random content encryption key (CEK) of 32 bytes for every entity, and performs envelope encryption on the individual properties to be encrypted by deriving a new IV per property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-164">The encrypted property is stored as binary data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-164">The encrypted property is stored as binary data.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-165">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as two additional reserved properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-165">The wrapped CEK and some additional encryption metadata are then stored as two additional reserved properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-166">The first reserved property (_ClientEncryptionMetadata1) is a string property that holds the information about IV, version, and wrapped key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-166">The first reserved property (_ClientEncryptionMetadata1) is a string property that holds the information about IV, version, and wrapped key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-167">The second reserved property (_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is a binary property that holds the information about the properties that are encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-167">The second reserved property (_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is a binary property that holds the information about the properties that are encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-168">The information in this second property (_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is itself encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-168">The information in this second property (_ClientEncryptionMetadata2) is itself encrypted.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-169">Due to these additional reserved properties required for encryption, users may now have only 250 custom properties instead of 252.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-169">Due to these additional reserved properties required for encryption, users may now have only 250 custom properties instead of 252.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-170">The total size of the entity must be less than 1 MB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-170">The total size of the entity must be less than 1 MB.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-171">Note that only string properties can be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-171">Note that only string properties can be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-172">If other types of properties are to be encrypted, they must be converted to strings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-172">If other types of properties are to be encrypted, they must be converted to strings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-173">The encrypted strings are stored on the service as binary properties, and they are converted back to strings after decryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-173">The encrypted strings are stored on the service as binary properties, and they are converted back to strings after decryption.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-174">For tables, in addition to the encryption policy, users must specify the properties to be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-174">For tables, in addition to the encryption policy, users must specify the properties to be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-175">This can be done by either specifying an [EncryptProperty] attribute (for POCO entities that derive from TableEntity) or an encryption resolver in request options.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-175">This can be done by either specifying an [EncryptProperty] attribute (for POCO entities that derive from TableEntity) or an encryption resolver in request options.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-176">An encryption resolver is a delegate that takes a partition key, row key, and property name and returns a Boolean that indicates whether that property should be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-176">An encryption resolver is a delegate that takes a partition key, row key, and property name and returns a Boolean that indicates whether that property should be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-177">During encryption, the client library will use this information to decide whether a property should be encrypted while writing to the wire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-177">During encryption, the client library will use this information to decide whether a property should be encrypted while writing to the wire.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-178">The delegate also provides for the possibility of logic around how properties are encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-178">The delegate also provides for the possibility of logic around how properties are encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-179">(For example, if X, then encrypt property A; otherwise encrypt properties A and B.) Note that it is not necessary to provide this information while reading or querying entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-179">(For example, if X, then encrypt property A; otherwise encrypt properties A and B.) Note that it is not necessary to provide this information while reading or querying entities.</span></span>

### <a name="batch-operations"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-180">Batch Operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-180">Batch Operations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-181">In batch operations, the same KEK will be used across all the rows in that batch operation because the client library only allows one options object (and hence one policy/KEK) per batch operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-181">In batch operations, the same KEK will be used across all the rows in that batch operation because the client library only allows one options object (and hence one policy/KEK) per batch operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-182">However, the client library will internally generate a new random IV and random CEK per row in the batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-182">However, the client library will internally generate a new random IV and random CEK per row in the batch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-183">Users can also choose to encrypt different properties for every operation in the batch by defining this behavior in the encryption resolver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-183">Users can also choose to encrypt different properties for every operation in the batch by defining this behavior in the encryption resolver.</span></span>

### <a name="queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-184">Queries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-184">Queries</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-185">To perform query operations, you must specify a key resolver that is able to resolve all the keys in the result set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-185">To perform query operations, you must specify a key resolver that is able to resolve all the keys in the result set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-186">If an entity contained in the query result cannot be resolved to a provider, the client library will throw an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-186">If an entity contained in the query result cannot be resolved to a provider, the client library will throw an error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-187">For any query that performs server-side projections, the client library will add the special encryption metadata properties (_ClientEncryptionMetadata1 and _ClientEncryptionMetadata2) by default to the selected columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-187">For any query that performs server-side projections, the client library will add the special encryption metadata properties (_ClientEncryptionMetadata1 and _ClientEncryptionMetadata2) by default to the selected columns.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-key-vault"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-188">Azure Key Vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-188">Azure Key Vault</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-189">Azure Key Vault helps safeguard cryptographic keys and secrets used by cloud applications and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-189">Azure Key Vault helps safeguard cryptographic keys and secrets used by cloud applications and services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-190">By using Azure Key Vault, users can encrypt keys and secrets (such as authentication keys, storage account keys, data encryption keys, .PFX files, and passwords) by using keys that are protected by hardware security modules (HSMs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-190">By using Azure Key Vault, users can encrypt keys and secrets (such as authentication keys, storage account keys, data encryption keys, .PFX files, and passwords) by using keys that are protected by hardware security modules (HSMs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-191">For more information, see [What is Azure Key Vault?](../key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-191">For more information, see [What is Azure Key Vault?](../key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-192">The storage client library uses the Key Vault core library in order to provide a common framework across Azure for managing keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-192">The storage client library uses the Key Vault core library in order to provide a common framework across Azure for managing keys.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-193">Users also get the additional benefit of using the Key Vault extensions library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-193">Users also get the additional benefit of using the Key Vault extensions library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-194">The extensions library provides useful functionality around simple and seamless Symmetric/RSA local and cloud key providers as well as with aggregation and caching.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-194">The extensions library provides useful functionality around simple and seamless Symmetric/RSA local and cloud key providers as well as with aggregation and caching.</span></span>

### <a name="interface-and-dependencies"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-195">Interface and dependencies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-195">Interface and dependencies</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-196">There are three Key Vault packages:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-196">There are three Key Vault packages:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-197">Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core contains the IKey and IKeyResolver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-197">Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core contains the IKey and IKeyResolver.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-198">It is a small package with no dependencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-198">It is a small package with no dependencies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-199">The storage client library for .NET defines it as a dependency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-199">The storage client library for .NET defines it as a dependency.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-200">Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault contains the Key Vault REST client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-200">Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault contains the Key Vault REST client.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-201">Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Extensions contains extension code that includes implementations of cryptographic algorithms and an RSAKey and a SymmetricKey.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-201">Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Extensions contains extension code that includes implementations of cryptographic algorithms and an RSAKey and a SymmetricKey.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-202">It depends on the Core and KeyVault namespaces and provides functionality to define an aggregate resolver (when users want to use multiple key providers) and a caching key resolver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-202">It depends on the Core and KeyVault namespaces and provides functionality to define an aggregate resolver (when users want to use multiple key providers) and a caching key resolver.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-203">Although the storage client library does not directly depend on this package, if users wish to use Azure Key Vault to store their keys or to use the Key Vault extensions to consume the local and cloud cryptographic providers, they will need this package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-203">Although the storage client library does not directly depend on this package, if users wish to use Azure Key Vault to store their keys or to use the Key Vault extensions to consume the local and cloud cryptographic providers, they will need this package.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-204">Key Vault is designed for high-value master keys, and throttling limits per Key Vault are designed with this in mind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-204">Key Vault is designed for high-value master keys, and throttling limits per Key Vault are designed with this in mind.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-205">When performing client-side encryption with Key Vault, the preferred model is to use symmetric master keys stored as secrets in Key Vault and cached locally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-205">When performing client-side encryption with Key Vault, the preferred model is to use symmetric master keys stored as secrets in Key Vault and cached locally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-206">Users must do the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-206">Users must do the following:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-207">Create a secret offline and upload it to Key Vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-207">Create a secret offline and upload it to Key Vault.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-208">Use the secret's base identifier as a parameter to resolve the current version of the secret for encryption and cache this information locally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-208">Use the secret's base identifier as a parameter to resolve the current version of the secret for encryption and cache this information locally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-209">Use CachingKeyResolver for caching; users are not expected to implement their own caching logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-209">Use CachingKeyResolver for caching; users are not expected to implement their own caching logic.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="60d54-210">Use the caching resolver as an input while creating the encryption policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-210">Use the caching resolver as an input while creating the encryption policy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-211">More information regarding Key Vault usage can be found in the [encryption code samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net/tree/master/Samples/GettingStarted/EncryptionSamples).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-211">More information regarding Key Vault usage can be found in the [encryption code samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net/tree/master/Samples/GettingStarted/EncryptionSamples).</span></span>

## <a name="best-practices"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-212">Best practices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-212">Best practices</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-213">Encryption support is available only in the storage client library for .NET.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-213">Encryption support is available only in the storage client library for .NET.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-214">Windows Phone and Windows Runtime do not currently support encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-214">Windows Phone and Windows Runtime do not currently support encryption.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-215">Be aware of these important points when using client-side encryption:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-215">Be aware of these important points when using client-side encryption:</span></span>
> 
> * <span data-ttu-id="60d54-216">When reading from or writing to an encrypted blob, use whole blob upload commands and range/whole blob download commands.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-216">When reading from or writing to an encrypted blob, use whole blob upload commands and range/whole blob download commands.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-217">Avoid writing to an encrypted blob using protocol operations such as Put Block, Put Block List, Write Pages, Clear Pages, or Append Block; otherwise you may corrupt the encrypted blob and make it unreadable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-217">Avoid writing to an encrypted blob using protocol operations such as Put Block, Put Block List, Write Pages, Clear Pages, or Append Block; otherwise you may corrupt the encrypted blob and make it unreadable.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="60d54-218">For tables, a similar constraint exists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-218">For tables, a similar constraint exists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-219">Be careful to not update encrypted properties without updating the encryption metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-219">Be careful to not update encrypted properties without updating the encryption metadata.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="60d54-220">If you set metadata on the encrypted blob, you may overwrite the encryption-related metadata required for decryption, since setting metadata is not additive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-220">If you set metadata on the encrypted blob, you may overwrite the encryption-related metadata required for decryption, since setting metadata is not additive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-221">This is also true for snapshots; avoid specifying metadata while creating a snapshot of an encrypted blob.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-221">This is also true for snapshots; avoid specifying metadata while creating a snapshot of an encrypted blob.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-222">If metadata must be set, be sure to call the **FetchAttributes** method first to get the current encryption metadata, and avoid concurrent writes while metadata is being set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-222">If metadata must be set, be sure to call the **FetchAttributes** method first to get the current encryption metadata, and avoid concurrent writes while metadata is being set.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="60d54-223">Enable the **RequireEncryption** property in the default request options for users that should work only with encrypted data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-223">Enable the **RequireEncryption** property in the default request options for users that should work only with encrypted data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-224">See below for more info.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-224">See below for more info.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="client-api--interface"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-225">Client API / Interface</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-225">Client API / Interface</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-226">While creating an EncryptionPolicy object, users can provide only a Key (implementing IKey), only a resolver (implementing IKeyResolver), or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-226">While creating an EncryptionPolicy object, users can provide only a Key (implementing IKey), only a resolver (implementing IKeyResolver), or both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-227">IKey is the basic key type that is identified using a key identifier and that provides the logic for wrapping/unwrapping.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-227">IKey is the basic key type that is identified using a key identifier and that provides the logic for wrapping/unwrapping.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-228">IKeyResolver is used to resolve a key during the decryption process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-228">IKeyResolver is used to resolve a key during the decryption process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-229">It defines a ResolveKey method that returns an IKey given a key identifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-229">It defines a ResolveKey method that returns an IKey given a key identifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-230">This provides users the ability to choose between multiple keys that are managed in multiple locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-230">This provides users the ability to choose between multiple keys that are managed in multiple locations.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-231">For encryption, the key is used always and the absence of a key will result in an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-231">For encryption, the key is used always and the absence of a key will result in an error.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-232">For decryption:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-232">For decryption:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="60d54-233">The key resolver is invoked if specified to get the key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-233">The key resolver is invoked if specified to get the key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-234">If the resolver is specified but does not have a mapping for the key identifier, an error is thrown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-234">If the resolver is specified but does not have a mapping for the key identifier, an error is thrown.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="60d54-235">If resolver is not specified but a key is specified, the key is used if its identifier matches the required key identifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-235">If resolver is not specified but a key is specified, the key is used if its identifier matches the required key identifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-236">If the identifier does not match, an error is thrown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-236">If the identifier does not match, an error is thrown.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60d54-237">The [encryption samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net/tree/master/Samples/GettingStarted/EncryptionSamples) demonstrate a more detailed end-to-end scenario for blobs, queues and tables, along with Key Vault integration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-237">The [encryption samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net/tree/master/Samples/GettingStarted/EncryptionSamples) demonstrate a more detailed end-to-end scenario for blobs, queues and tables, along with Key Vault integration.</span></span>

### <a name="requireencryption-mode"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-238">RequireEncryption mode</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-238">RequireEncryption mode</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-239">Users can optionally enable a mode of operation where all uploads and downloads must be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-239">Users can optionally enable a mode of operation where all uploads and downloads must be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-240">In this mode, attempts to upload data without an encryption policy or download data that is not encrypted on the service will fail on the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-240">In this mode, attempts to upload data without an encryption policy or download data that is not encrypted on the service will fail on the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-241">The **RequireEncryption** property of the request options object controls this behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-241">The **RequireEncryption** property of the request options object controls this behavior.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-242">If your application will encrypt all objects stored in Azure Storage, then you can set the **RequireEncryption** property on the default request options for the service client object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-242">If your application will encrypt all objects stored in Azure Storage, then you can set the **RequireEncryption** property on the default request options for the service client object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-243">For example, set **CloudBlobClient.DefaultRequestOptions.RequireEncryption** to **true** to require encryption for all blob operations performed through that client object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-243">For example, set **CloudBlobClient.DefaultRequestOptions.RequireEncryption** to **true** to require encryption for all blob operations performed through that client object.</span></span>

### <a name="blob-service-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-244">Blob service encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-244">Blob service encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-245">Create a **BlobEncryptionPolicy** object and set it in the request options (per API or at a client level by using **DefaultRequestOptions**).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-245">Create a **BlobEncryptionPolicy** object and set it in the request options (per API or at a client level by using **DefaultRequestOptions**).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-246">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-246">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span></span>

```csharp
// Create the IKey used for encryption.
 RsaKey key = new RsaKey("private:key1" /* key identifier */);

 // Create the encryption policy to be used for upload and download.
 BlobEncryptionPolicy policy = new BlobEncryptionPolicy(key, null);

 // Set the encryption policy on the request options.
 BlobRequestOptions options = new BlobRequestOptions() { EncryptionPolicy = policy };

 // Upload the encrypted contents to the blob.
 blob.UploadFromStream(stream, size, null, options, null);

 // Download and decrypt the encrypted contents from the blob.
 MemoryStream outputStream = new MemoryStream();
 blob.DownloadToStream(outputStream, null, options, null);
```

### <a name="queue-service-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-247">Queue service encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-247">Queue service encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-248">Create a **QueueEncryptionPolicy** object and set it in the request options (per API or at a client level by using **DefaultRequestOptions**).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-248">Create a **QueueEncryptionPolicy** object and set it in the request options (per API or at a client level by using **DefaultRequestOptions**).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-249">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-249">Everything else will be handled by the client library internally.</span></span>

```csharp
// Create the IKey used for encryption.
 RsaKey key = new RsaKey("private:key1" /* key identifier */);

 // Create the encryption policy to be used for upload and download.
 QueueEncryptionPolicy policy = new QueueEncryptionPolicy(key, null);

 // Add message
 QueueRequestOptions options = new QueueRequestOptions() { EncryptionPolicy = policy };
 queue.AddMessage(message, null, null, options, null);

 // Retrieve message
 CloudQueueMessage retrMessage = queue.GetMessage(null, options, null);
```

### <a name="table-service-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-250">Table service encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-250">Table service encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-251">In addition to creating an encryption policy and setting it on request options, you must either specify an **EncryptionResolver** in **TableRequestOptions**, or set the [EncryptProperty] attribute on the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-251">In addition to creating an encryption policy and setting it on request options, you must either specify an **EncryptionResolver** in **TableRequestOptions**, or set the [EncryptProperty] attribute on the entity.</span></span>

#### <a name="using-the-resolver"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-252">Using the resolver</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-252">Using the resolver</span></span>

```csharp
// Create the IKey used for encryption.
 RsaKey key = new RsaKey("private:key1" /* key identifier */);

 // Create the encryption policy to be used for upload and download.
 TableEncryptionPolicy policy = new TableEncryptionPolicy(key, null);

 TableRequestOptions options = new TableRequestOptions()
 {
    EncryptionResolver = (pk, rk, propName) =>
     {
        if (propName == "foo")
         {
            return true;
         }
         return false;
     },
     EncryptionPolicy = policy
 };

 // Insert Entity
 currentTable.Execute(TableOperation.Insert(ent), options, null);

 // Retrieve Entity
 // No need to specify an encryption resolver for retrieve
 TableRequestOptions retrieveOptions = new TableRequestOptions()
 {
    EncryptionPolicy = policy
 };

 TableOperation operation = TableOperation.Retrieve(ent.PartitionKey, ent.RowKey);
 TableResult result = currentTable.Execute(operation, retrieveOptions, null);
```

#### <a name="using-attributes"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-253">Using attributes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-253">Using attributes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-254">As mentioned above, if the entity implements TableEntity, then the properties can be decorated with the [EncryptProperty] attribute instead of specifying the **EncryptionResolver**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-254">As mentioned above, if the entity implements TableEntity, then the properties can be decorated with the [EncryptProperty] attribute instead of specifying the **EncryptionResolver**.</span></span>

```csharp
[EncryptProperty]
 public string EncryptedProperty1 { get; set; }
```

## <a name="encryption-and-performance"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-255">Encryption and performance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-255">Encryption and performance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60d54-256">Note that encrypting your storage data results in additional performance overhead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-256">Note that encrypting your storage data results in additional performance overhead.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-257">The content key and IV must be generated, the content itself must be encrypted, and additional meta-data must be formatted and uploaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-257">The content key and IV must be generated, the content itself must be encrypted, and additional meta-data must be formatted and uploaded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-258">This overhead will vary depending on the quantity of data being encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-258">This overhead will vary depending on the quantity of data being encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60d54-259">We recommend that customers always test their applications for performance during development.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-259">We recommend that customers always test their applications for performance during development.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="60d54-260">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-260">Next steps</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="60d54-261">Tutorial: Encrypt and decrypt blobs in Microsoft Azure Storage using Azure Key Vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-261">Tutorial: Encrypt and decrypt blobs in Microsoft Azure Storage using Azure Key Vault</span></span>](storage-encrypt-decrypt-blobs-key-vault.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-262">Download the [Azure Storage Client Library for .NET NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WindowsAzure.Storage)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-262">Download the [Azure Storage Client Library for .NET NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WindowsAzure.Storage)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-263">Download the Azure Key Vault NuGet [Core](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core/), [Client](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault/), and [Extensions](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Extensions/) packages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-263">Download the Azure Key Vault NuGet [Core](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core/), [Client](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault/), and [Extensions](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Extensions/) packages</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="60d54-264">Visit the [Azure Key Vault Documentation](../key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60d54-264">Visit the [Azure Key Vault Documentation](../key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md)</span></span>