---
title: Designing Highly Available Applications using Azure Read-Access Geo-Redundant Storage (RA-GRS) | Microsoft Docs
description: How to use Azure RA-GRS storage to architect a highly available application flexible enough to handle outages.
services: storage
documentationcenter: .net
author: robinsh
manager: timlt
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: 8f040b0f-8926-4831-ac07-79f646f31926
ms.service: storage
ms.workload: storage
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 1/19/2017
ms.author: robinsh
ms.openlocfilehash: 3b7eca721181155cd2bcc619d517c9b5a6a89a0d
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551013"
---
# <a name="designing-highly-available-applications-using-ra-grs"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-103">Designing Highly Available Applications using RA-GRS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-103">Designing Highly Available Applications using RA-GRS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-104">A common feature of cloud-based infrastructures is that they provide a highly available platform for hosting applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-104">A common feature of cloud-based infrastructures is that they provide a highly available platform for hosting applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-105">Developers of cloud-based applications must consider carefully how to leverage this platform to deliver highly available applications to their users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-105">Developers of cloud-based applications must consider carefully how to leverage this platform to deliver highly available applications to their users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-106">This article focuses specifically on how developers can use the Azure Storage Read Access Geo Redundant Storage (RA-GRS) to make their applications more available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-106">This article focuses specifically on how developers can use the Azure Storage Read Access Geo Redundant Storage (RA-GRS) to make their applications more available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-107">There are four choices for redundancy – LRS (Locally Redundant Storage), ZRS (Zone Redundant Storage), GRS (Geo-Redundant Storage), and RA-GRS (Read Access Geo-Redundant Storage).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-107">There are four choices for redundancy – LRS (Locally Redundant Storage), ZRS (Zone Redundant Storage), GRS (Geo-Redundant Storage), and RA-GRS (Read Access Geo-Redundant Storage).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-108">We are going to discuss GRS and RA-GRS in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-108">We are going to discuss GRS and RA-GRS in this article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-109">With GRS, three copies of your data are kept in the primary region you selected when setting up the storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-109">With GRS, three copies of your data are kept in the primary region you selected when setting up the storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-110">Three additional copies are maintained asynchronously in a secondary region specified by Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-110">Three additional copies are maintained asynchronously in a secondary region specified by Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-111">RA-GRS is the same thing as GRS except that you have read access to the secondary copy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-111">RA-GRS is the same thing as GRS except that you have read access to the secondary copy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-112">For more information about the different Azure Storage redundancy options, see [Azure Storage replication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/storage-redundancy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-112">For more information about the different Azure Storage redundancy options, see [Azure Storage replication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/storage-redundancy).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-113">The replication article also shows the pairings of the primary and secondary regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-113">The replication article also shows the pairings of the primary and secondary regions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-114">There are code snippets included in this article, and a link to a complete sample at the end that you can download and run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-114">There are code snippets included in this article, and a link to a complete sample at the end that you can download and run.</span></span>

## <a name="key-features-of-ra-grs"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-115">Key features of RA-GRS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-115">Key features of RA-GRS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-116">Before we talk about how to use RA-GRS storage, let's talk about its properties and behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-116">Before we talk about how to use RA-GRS storage, let's talk about its properties and behavior.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-117">Azure Storage maintains a read-only copy of the data you store in your primary region in a secondary region; as noted above, the storage service determines the location of the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-117">Azure Storage maintains a read-only copy of the data you store in your primary region in a secondary region; as noted above, the storage service determines the location of the secondary region.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-118">The read-only copy is [eventually consistent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eventual_consistency) with the data in the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-118">The read-only copy is [eventually consistent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eventual_consistency) with the data in the primary region.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-119">For blobs, tables, and queues, you can query the secondary region for a *Last Sync Time* value that tells you when the last replication from the primary to the secondary region occurred.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-119">For blobs, tables, and queues, you can query the secondary region for a *Last Sync Time* value that tells you when the last replication from the primary to the secondary region occurred.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-120">(This is not supported for Azure Files, which doesn't have RA-GRS redundancy at this time.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-120">(This is not supported for Azure Files, which doesn't have RA-GRS redundancy at this time.)</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-121">You can use the Storage Client Library to interact with the data in either the primary or secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-121">You can use the Storage Client Library to interact with the data in either the primary or secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-122">You can also redirect read requests automatically to the secondary region if a read request to the primary region times out.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-122">You can also redirect read requests automatically to the secondary region if a read request to the primary region times out.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-123">If there is a major issue affecting the accessibility of the data in the primary region, the Azure team may trigger a geo-failover, at which point the DNS entries pointing to the primary region will be changed to point to the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-123">If there is a major issue affecting the accessibility of the data in the primary region, the Azure team may trigger a geo-failover, at which point the DNS entries pointing to the primary region will be changed to point to the secondary region.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-124">If a geo-failover occurs, Azure will select a new secondary location and replicate the data to that location, then point the secondary DNS entries to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-124">If a geo-failover occurs, Azure will select a new secondary location and replicate the data to that location, then point the secondary DNS entries to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-125">The secondary endpoint will be unavailable until the storage account has finished replicating.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-125">The secondary endpoint will be unavailable until the storage account has finished replicating.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-126">For more information, please see [What to do if an Azure Storage outage occurs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-126">For more information, please see [What to do if an Azure Storage outage occurs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance).</span></span>

## <a name="application-design-considerations-when-using-ra-grs"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-127">Application design considerations when using RA-GRS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-127">Application design considerations when using RA-GRS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-128">The main purpose of this article is to show you how to design an application that will continue to function (albeit in a limited capacity) even in the event of a major disaster at the primary data center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-128">The main purpose of this article is to show you how to design an application that will continue to function (albeit in a limited capacity) even in the event of a major disaster at the primary data center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-129">You do this by having your application to handle transient or long-running issues by switching to read from the secondary region while there is a problem, and switching back when the primary region is available again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-129">You do this by having your application to handle transient or long-running issues by switching to read from the secondary region while there is a problem, and switching back when the primary region is available again.</span></span>

### <a name="using-eventually-consistent-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-130">Using eventually consistent data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-130">Using eventually consistent data</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-131">This proposed solution assumes that it is okay to return what could be stale data to the calling application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-131">This proposed solution assumes that it is okay to return what could be stale data to the calling application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-132">Because the secondary data is eventually consistent, it is possible that the data was written to the primary but the update to the secondary had not finished replicating when the primary region became inaccessible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-132">Because the secondary data is eventually consistent, it is possible that the data was written to the primary but the update to the secondary had not finished replicating when the primary region became inaccessible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-133">For example, your customer could submit an update that is successful, and then the primary could go down before the update is propagated to the secondary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-133">For example, your customer could submit an update that is successful, and then the primary could go down before the update is propagated to the secondary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-134">In this case, if the customer then asks to read the data back, he receives the stale data instead of the updated data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-134">In this case, if the customer then asks to read the data back, he receives the stale data instead of the updated data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-135">You must decide if this is acceptable, and if so, how you will message the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-135">You must decide if this is acceptable, and if so, how you will message the customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-136">You'll see how to check the Last Sync Time on the secondary data later in this article to see if the secondary is up-to-date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-136">You'll see how to check the Last Sync Time on the secondary data later in this article to see if the secondary is up-to-date.</span></span>

### <a name="handling-services-separately-or-all-together"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-137">Handling services separately or all together</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-137">Handling services separately or all together</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-138">While not likely, it is possible for one service to become unavailable while the other services are still fully functional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-138">While not likely, it is possible for one service to become unavailable while the other services are still fully functional.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-139">You can handle the retries and read-only mode for each service separately (blobs, queues, tables), or you can handle retries generically for all the storage services together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-139">You can handle the retries and read-only mode for each service separately (blobs, queues, tables), or you can handle retries generically for all the storage services together.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-140">For example, if you use queues and blobs in your application, you may decide to put in separate code to handle retryable errors for each of these.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-140">For example, if you use queues and blobs in your application, you may decide to put in separate code to handle retryable errors for each of these.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-141">Then if you get a retry from the blob service, but the queue service is still working, only the part of your application that handles blobs will be impacted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-141">Then if you get a retry from the blob service, but the queue service is still working, only the part of your application that handles blobs will be impacted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-142">If you decide to handle all storage service retries generically and a call to the blob service returns a retryable error, then requests to both the blob service and the queue service will be impacted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-142">If you decide to handle all storage service retries generically and a call to the blob service returns a retryable error, then requests to both the blob service and the queue service will be impacted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-143">Ultimately, this depends on the complexity of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-143">Ultimately, this depends on the complexity of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-144">You may decide not to handle the failures by service, but instead to redirect read requests for all storage services to the secondary region and run the application in read-only mode when you detect a problem with any storage service in the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-144">You may decide not to handle the failures by service, but instead to redirect read requests for all storage services to the secondary region and run the application in read-only mode when you detect a problem with any storage service in the primary region.</span></span>

### <a name="other-considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-145">Other considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-145">Other considerations</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-146">These are the other considerations we will discuss in the rest of this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-146">These are the other considerations we will discuss in the rest of this article.</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-147">Handling retries of read requests using the Circuit Breaker pattern</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-147">Handling retries of read requests using the Circuit Breaker pattern</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-148">Eventually-consistent data and the Last Sync Time</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-148">Eventually-consistent data and the Last Sync Time</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-149">Testing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-149">Testing</span></span>

## <a name="running-your-application-in-read-only-mode"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-150">Running your application in read-only mode</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-150">Running your application in read-only mode</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-151">To use RA-GRS storage, you must be able to handle both failed read requests and failed update requests (with update in this case meaning inserts, updates, and deletions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-151">To use RA-GRS storage, you must be able to handle both failed read requests and failed update requests (with update in this case meaning inserts, updates, and deletions).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-152">If the primary data center fails, read requests can be redirected to the secondary data center, but update requests cannot because the secondary is read only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-152">If the primary data center fails, read requests can be redirected to the secondary data center, but update requests cannot because the secondary is read only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-153">For this reason, you need some way to run your application in read-only mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-153">For this reason, you need some way to run your application in read-only mode.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-154">For example, you can set a flag that will be checked before submitting any update requests to the storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-154">For example, you can set a flag that will be checked before submitting any update requests to the storage service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-155">When one of the update requests comes through, you can skip it and return an appropriate response to the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-155">When one of the update requests comes through, you can skip it and return an appropriate response to the customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-156">You may even want to disable certain features altogether until the problem is resolved and notify users that those features are temporarily unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-156">You may even want to disable certain features altogether until the problem is resolved and notify users that those features are temporarily unavailable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-157">If you decide to handle errors for each service separately, you will also need to handle the ability to run your application in read-only mode by service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-157">If you decide to handle errors for each service separately, you will also need to handle the ability to run your application in read-only mode by service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-158">You could have read-only flags for each service that can be enabled and disabled and handle the appropriate flag in the appropriate places in your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-158">You could have read-only flags for each service that can be enabled and disabled and handle the appropriate flag in the appropriate places in your code.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-159">Being able to run your application in read-only mode has another side benefit – it gives you the ability to ensure limited functionality during a major application upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-159">Being able to run your application in read-only mode has another side benefit – it gives you the ability to ensure limited functionality during a major application upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-160">You can trigger your application to run in read-only mode and point to the secondary data center, ensuring nobody is accessing the data in the primary region while you're making upgrades.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-160">You can trigger your application to run in read-only mode and point to the secondary data center, ensuring nobody is accessing the data in the primary region while you're making upgrades.</span></span>

## <a name="handling-updates-when-running-in-read-only-mode"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-161">Handling updates when running in read-only mode</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-161">Handling updates when running in read-only mode</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-162">There are many ways to handle update requests when running in read-only mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-162">There are many ways to handle update requests when running in read-only mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-163">We won't cover this comprehensively, but generally, there are a couple of patterns that you consider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-163">We won't cover this comprehensively, but generally, there are a couple of patterns that you consider.</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="037ba-164">You can respond to your user and tell them you are not currently accepting updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-164">You can respond to your user and tell them you are not currently accepting updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-165">For example, a contact management system could enable customers to access contact information but not make updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-165">For example, a contact management system could enable customers to access contact information but not make updates.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="037ba-166">You can enqueue your updates in another region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-166">You can enqueue your updates in another region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-167">In this case, you would write your pending update requests to a queue in a different region, and then have a way to process those requests after the primary data center comes online again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-167">In this case, you would write your pending update requests to a queue in a different region, and then have a way to process those requests after the primary data center comes online again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-168">In this scenario, you should let the customer know that the update requested is queued for later processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-168">In this scenario, you should let the customer know that the update requested is queued for later processing.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="037ba-169">You can write your updates to a storage account in another region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-169">You can write your updates to a storage account in another region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-170">Then when the primary data center comes back online, you can have a way to merge those updates into the primary data, depending on the structure of the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-170">Then when the primary data center comes back online, you can have a way to merge those updates into the primary data, depending on the structure of the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-171">For example, if you are creating separate files with a date/time stamp in the name, you can copy those files back to the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-171">For example, if you are creating separate files with a date/time stamp in the name, you can copy those files back to the primary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-172">This works for some workloads such as logging and iOT data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-172">This works for some workloads such as logging and iOT data.</span></span>

## <a name="handling-retries"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-173">Handling retries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-173">Handling retries</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-174">How do you know which errors are retryable?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-174">How do you know which errors are retryable?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-175">This is determined by the storage client library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-175">This is determined by the storage client library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-176">For example, a 404 error (resource not found) is not retryable because retrying it is not likely to result in success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-176">For example, a 404 error (resource not found) is not retryable because retrying it is not likely to result in success.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-177">On the other hand, a 500 error is retryable because it is a server error, and it may simply be a transient issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-177">On the other hand, a 500 error is retryable because it is a server error, and it may simply be a transient issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-178">For more details, check out the [open source code for the ExponentialRetry class](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net/blob/87b84b3d5ee884c7adc10e494e2c7060956515d0/Lib/Common/RetryPolicies/ExponentialRetry.cs) in the .NET storage client library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-178">For more details, check out the [open source code for the ExponentialRetry class](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net/blob/87b84b3d5ee884c7adc10e494e2c7060956515d0/Lib/Common/RetryPolicies/ExponentialRetry.cs) in the .NET storage client library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-179">(Look for the ShouldRetry method.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-179">(Look for the ShouldRetry method.)</span></span>

### <a name="read-requests"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-180">Read requests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-180">Read requests</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-181">Read requests can be redirected to secondary storage if there is a problem with primary storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-181">Read requests can be redirected to secondary storage if there is a problem with primary storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-182">As noted above in [Using Eventually Consistent Data](#using-eventually-consistent-data), it must be acceptable for your application to potentially read stale data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-182">As noted above in [Using Eventually Consistent Data](#using-eventually-consistent-data), it must be acceptable for your application to potentially read stale data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-183">If you are using the storage client library to access RA-GRS data, you can specify the retry behavior of a read request by setting a value for the **LocationMode** property to one of the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-183">If you are using the storage client library to access RA-GRS data, you can specify the retry behavior of a read request by setting a value for the **LocationMode** property to one of the following:</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-184">**PrimaryOnly** (the default)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-184">**PrimaryOnly** (the default)</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-185">**PrimaryThenSecondary**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-185">**PrimaryThenSecondary**</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-186">**SecondaryOnly**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-186">**SecondaryOnly**</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-187">**SecondaryThenPrimary**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-187">**SecondaryThenPrimary**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-188">When you set the **LocationMode** to **PrimaryThenSecondary**, if the initial read request to the primary endpoint fails with a retryable error, the client automatically makes another read request to the secondary endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-188">When you set the **LocationMode** to **PrimaryThenSecondary**, if the initial read request to the primary endpoint fails with a retryable error, the client automatically makes another read request to the secondary endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-189">If the error is a server timeout, then the client will have to wait for the timeout to expire before it receives a retryable error from the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-189">If the error is a server timeout, then the client will have to wait for the timeout to expire before it receives a retryable error from the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-190">There are basically two scenarios to consider when you are deciding how to respond to a retryable error:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-190">There are basically two scenarios to consider when you are deciding how to respond to a retryable error:</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-191">This is an isolated problem and subsequent requests to the primary endpoint will not return a retryable error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-191">This is an isolated problem and subsequent requests to the primary endpoint will not return a retryable error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-192">An example of where this might happen is when there is a transient network error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-192">An example of where this might happen is when there is a transient network error.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="037ba-193">In this scenario, there is no significant performance penalty in having **LocationMode** set to **PrimaryThenSecondary** as this only happens infrequently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-193">In this scenario, there is no significant performance penalty in having **LocationMode** set to **PrimaryThenSecondary** as this only happens infrequently.</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-194">This is a problem with at least one of the storage services in the primary region and all subsequent requests to that service in the primary region are likely to return retryable errors for a period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-194">This is a problem with at least one of the storage services in the primary region and all subsequent requests to that service in the primary region are likely to return retryable errors for a period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-195">An example of this is if the primary region is completely inaccessible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-195">An example of this is if the primary region is completely inaccessible.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="037ba-196">In this scenario, there is a performance penalty because all your read requests will try the primary endpoint first, wait for the timeout to expire, then switch to the secondary endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-196">In this scenario, there is a performance penalty because all your read requests will try the primary endpoint first, wait for the timeout to expire, then switch to the secondary endpoint.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-197">For these scenarios, you should identify that there is an ongoing issue with the primary endpoint and send all read requests directly to the secondary endpoint by setting the **LocationMode** property to **SecondaryOnly**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-197">For these scenarios, you should identify that there is an ongoing issue with the primary endpoint and send all read requests directly to the secondary endpoint by setting the **LocationMode** property to **SecondaryOnly**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-198">At this time, you should also change the application to run in read-only mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-198">At this time, you should also change the application to run in read-only mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-199">This approach is known as the [Circuit Breaker Pattern](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn589784.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-199">This approach is known as the [Circuit Breaker Pattern](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn589784.aspx).</span></span>

### <a name="update-requests"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-200">Update requests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-200">Update requests</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-201">The Circuit Breaker pattern can also be applied to update requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-201">The Circuit Breaker pattern can also be applied to update requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-202">However, update requests cannot be redirected to secondary storage, which is read-only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-202">However, update requests cannot be redirected to secondary storage, which is read-only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-203">For these requests, you should leave the **LocationMode** property set to **PrimaryOnly** (the default).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-203">For these requests, you should leave the **LocationMode** property set to **PrimaryOnly** (the default).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-204">To handle these errors, you can apply a metric to these requests – such as 10 failures in a row – and when your threshold is met, switch the application into read-only mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-204">To handle these errors, you can apply a metric to these requests – such as 10 failures in a row – and when your threshold is met, switch the application into read-only mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-205">You can use the same methods for returning to update mode as those described below in the next section about the Circuit Breaker pattern.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-205">You can use the same methods for returning to update mode as those described below in the next section about the Circuit Breaker pattern.</span></span>

## <a name="circuit-breaker-pattern"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-206">Circuit Breaker pattern</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-206">Circuit Breaker pattern</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-207">Using the Circuit Breaker pattern in your application can prevent it from retrying an operation that is likely to fail repeatedly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-207">Using the Circuit Breaker pattern in your application can prevent it from retrying an operation that is likely to fail repeatedly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-208">It allows the application to continue to run rather than taking up time while the operation is retried exponentially.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-208">It allows the application to continue to run rather than taking up time while the operation is retried exponentially.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-209">It also detects when the fault has been fixed, at which time the application can try the operation again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-209">It also detects when the fault has been fixed, at which time the application can try the operation again.</span></span>

### <a name="how-to-implement-the-circuit-breaker-pattern"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-210">How to implement the circuit breaker pattern</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-210">How to implement the circuit breaker pattern</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-211">To identify that there is an ongoing problem with a primary endpoint, you can monitor how frequently the client encounters retryable errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-211">To identify that there is an ongoing problem with a primary endpoint, you can monitor how frequently the client encounters retryable errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-212">Because each case is different, you have to decide on the threshold you want to use for the decision to switch to the secondary endpoint and run the application in read-only mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-212">Because each case is different, you have to decide on the threshold you want to use for the decision to switch to the secondary endpoint and run the application in read-only mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-213">For example, you could decide to perform the switch if there are 10 failures in a row with no successes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-213">For example, you could decide to perform the switch if there are 10 failures in a row with no successes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-214">Another example is to switch if 90% of the requests in a 2-minute period fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-214">Another example is to switch if 90% of the requests in a 2-minute period fail.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-215">For the first scenario, you can simply keep a count of the failures, and if there is a success before reaching the maximum, set the count back to zero.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-215">For the first scenario, you can simply keep a count of the failures, and if there is a success before reaching the maximum, set the count back to zero.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-216">For the second scenario, one way to implement it is to use the MemoryCache object (in .NET).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-216">For the second scenario, one way to implement it is to use the MemoryCache object (in .NET).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-217">For each request, add a CacheItem to the cache, set the value to success (1) or fail (0), and set the expiration time to 2 minutes from now (or whatever your time constraint is).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-217">For each request, add a CacheItem to the cache, set the value to success (1) or fail (0), and set the expiration time to 2 minutes from now (or whatever your time constraint is).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-218">When an entry's expiration time is reached, the entry is automatically removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-218">When an entry's expiration time is reached, the entry is automatically removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-219">This will give you a rolling 2-minute window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-219">This will give you a rolling 2-minute window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-220">Each time you make a request to the storage service, you first use a Linq query across the MemoryCache object to calculate the percent success by summing the values and dividing by the count.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-220">Each time you make a request to the storage service, you first use a Linq query across the MemoryCache object to calculate the percent success by summing the values and dividing by the count.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-221">When the percent success drops below some threshold (such as 10%), set the **LocationMode** property for read requests to **SecondaryOnly** and switch the application into read-only mode before continuing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-221">When the percent success drops below some threshold (such as 10%), set the **LocationMode** property for read requests to **SecondaryOnly** and switch the application into read-only mode before continuing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-222">The threshold of errors used to determine when to make the switch may vary from service to service in your application, so you should consider making them configurable parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-222">The threshold of errors used to determine when to make the switch may vary from service to service in your application, so you should consider making them configurable parameters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-223">This is also where you decide to handle retryable errors from each service separately or as one, as discussed previously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-223">This is also where you decide to handle retryable errors from each service separately or as one, as discussed previously.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-224">Another consideration is how to handle multiple instances of an application, and what to do when you detect retryable errors in each instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-224">Another consideration is how to handle multiple instances of an application, and what to do when you detect retryable errors in each instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-225">For example, you may have 20 VMs running with the same application loaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-225">For example, you may have 20 VMs running with the same application loaded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-226">Do you handle each instance separately?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-226">Do you handle each instance separately?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-227">If one instance starts having problems, do you want to limit the response to just that one instance, or do you want to try to have all instances respond in the same way when one instance has a problem?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-227">If one instance starts having problems, do you want to limit the response to just that one instance, or do you want to try to have all instances respond in the same way when one instance has a problem?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-228">Handling the instances separately is much simpler than trying to coordinate the response across them, but how you do this depends on your application's architecture.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-228">Handling the instances separately is much simpler than trying to coordinate the response across them, but how you do this depends on your application's architecture.</span></span>

### <a name="options-for-monitoring-the-error-frequency"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-229">Options for monitoring the error frequency</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-229">Options for monitoring the error frequency</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-230">You have three main options for monitoring the frequency of retries in the primary region in order to determine when to switch over to the secondary region and change the application to run in read-only mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-230">You have three main options for monitoring the frequency of retries in the primary region in order to determine when to switch over to the secondary region and change the application to run in read-only mode.</span></span>

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-231">Add a handler for the [**Retrying**](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.windowsazure.storage.operationcontext.retrying.aspx) event on the [**OperationContext**](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.windowsazure.storage.operationcontext.aspx) object you pass to your storage requests – this is the method displayed in this article and used in the accompanying sample.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-231">Add a handler for the [**Retrying**](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.windowsazure.storage.operationcontext.retrying.aspx) event on the [**OperationContext**](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.windowsazure.storage.operationcontext.aspx) object you pass to your storage requests – this is the method displayed in this article and used in the accompanying sample.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-232">These events fire whenever the client retries a request, enabling you to track how often the client encounters retryable errors on a primary endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-232">These events fire whenever the client retries a request, enabling you to track how often the client encounters retryable errors on a primary endpoint.</span></span>

    ```csharp 
    operationContext.Retrying += (sender, arguments) =>
    {
        // Retrying in the primary region
        if (arguments.Request.Host == primaryhostname)
            ...
    };
    ```

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-233">In the [**Evaluate**](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.windowsazure.storage.retrypolicies.iextendedretrypolicy.evaluate.aspx) method in a custom retry policy, you can run custom code whenever a retry takes place.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-233">In the [**Evaluate**](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.windowsazure.storage.retrypolicies.iextendedretrypolicy.evaluate.aspx) method in a custom retry policy, you can run custom code whenever a retry takes place.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-234">In addition to recording when a retry happens, this also gives you the opportunity to modify your retry behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-234">In addition to recording when a retry happens, this also gives you the opportunity to modify your retry behavior.</span></span>

    ```csharp 
    public RetryInfo Evaluate(RetryContext retryContext,
    OperationContext operationContext)
    {
        var statusCode = retryContext.LastRequestResult.HttpStatusCode;
        if (retryContext.CurrentRetryCount >= this.maximumAttempts
        || ((statusCode &gt;= 300 && statusCode &lt; 500 && statusCode != 408)
        || statusCode == 501 // Not Implemented
        || statusCode == 505 // Version Not Supported
            ))
        {
        // Do not retry
            return null;
        }

        // Monitor retries in the primary location
        ...

        // Determine RetryInterval and TargetLocation
        RetryInfo info =
            CreateRetryInfo(retryContext.CurrentRetryCount);

        return info;
    }
    ```

*   <span data-ttu-id="037ba-235">The third approach is to implement a custom monitoring component in your application that continually pings your primary storage endpoint with dummy read requests (such as reading a small blob) to determine its health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-235">The third approach is to implement a custom monitoring component in your application that continually pings your primary storage endpoint with dummy read requests (such as reading a small blob) to determine its health.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-236">This would take up some resources, but not a significant amount.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-236">This would take up some resources, but not a significant amount.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-237">When a problem is discovered that reaches your threshold, you would then perform the switch to **SecondaryOnly** and read-only mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-237">When a problem is discovered that reaches your threshold, you would then perform the switch to **SecondaryOnly** and read-only mode.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-238">At some point, you will want to switch back to using the primary endpoint and allowing updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-238">At some point, you will want to switch back to using the primary endpoint and allowing updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-239">If using one of the first two methods listed above, you could simply switch back to the primary endpoint and enable update mode after an arbitrarily selected amount of time or number of operations has been performed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-239">If using one of the first two methods listed above, you could simply switch back to the primary endpoint and enable update mode after an arbitrarily selected amount of time or number of operations has been performed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-240">You can then let it go through the retry logic again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-240">You can then let it go through the retry logic again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-241">If the problem has been fixed, it will continue to use the primary endpoint and allow updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-241">If the problem has been fixed, it will continue to use the primary endpoint and allow updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-242">If there is still a problem, it will once more switch back to the secondary endpoint and read-only mode after failing the criteria you've set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-242">If there is still a problem, it will once more switch back to the secondary endpoint and read-only mode after failing the criteria you've set.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-243">For the third scenario, when pinging the primary storage endpoint becomes successful again, you can trigger the switch back to **PrimaryOnly** and continue allowing updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-243">For the third scenario, when pinging the primary storage endpoint becomes successful again, you can trigger the switch back to **PrimaryOnly** and continue allowing updates.</span></span>

## <a name="handling-eventually-consistent-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-244">Handling eventually consistent data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-244">Handling eventually consistent data</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-245">RA-GRS works by replicating transactions from the primary to the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-245">RA-GRS works by replicating transactions from the primary to the secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-246">This replication process guarantees that the data in the secondary region is *eventually consistent*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-246">This replication process guarantees that the data in the secondary region is *eventually consistent*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-247">This means that all the transactions in the primary region will eventually appear in the secondary region, but that there may be a lag before they appear, and that there is no guarantee the transactions arrive in the secondary region in the same order as that in which they were originally applied in the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-247">This means that all the transactions in the primary region will eventually appear in the secondary region, but that there may be a lag before they appear, and that there is no guarantee the transactions arrive in the secondary region in the same order as that in which they were originally applied in the primary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-248">If your transactions arrive in the secondary region out of order, you *may* consider your data in the secondary region to be in an inconsistent state until the service catches up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-248">If your transactions arrive in the secondary region out of order, you *may* consider your data in the secondary region to be in an inconsistent state until the service catches up.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-249">The following table shows an example of what might happen when you update the details of an employee to make her a member of the *administrators* role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-249">The following table shows an example of what might happen when you update the details of an employee to make her a member of the *administrators* role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-250">For the sake of this example, this requires you update the **employee** entity and update an **administrator role** entity with a count of the total number of administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-250">For the sake of this example, this requires you update the **employee** entity and update an **administrator role** entity with a count of the total number of administrators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-251">Notice how the updates are applied out of order in the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-251">Notice how the updates are applied out of order in the secondary region.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-252">**Time**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-252">**Time**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-253">**Transaction**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-253">**Transaction**</span></span>                                            | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-254">**Replication**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-254">**Replication**</span></span>                       | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-255">**Last Sync Time**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-255">**Last Sync Time**</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-256">**Result**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-256">**Result**</span></span> |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|--------------------|------------| 
| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-257">T0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-257">T0</span></span>       | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-258">Transaction A:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-258">Transaction A:</span></span> <br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-259">Insert employee</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-259">Insert employee</span></span> <br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-260">entity in primary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-260">entity in primary</span></span> |                                   |                    | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-261">Transaction A inserted to primary,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-261">Transaction A inserted to primary,</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-262">not replicated yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-262">not replicated yet.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-263">T1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-263">T1</span></span>       |                                                            | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-264">Transaction A</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-264">Transaction A</span></span> <br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-265">replicated to</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-265">replicated to</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-266">secondary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-266">secondary</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-267">T1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-267">T1</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-268">Transaction A replicated to secondary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-268">Transaction A replicated to secondary.</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-269">Last Sync Time updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-269">Last Sync Time updated.</span></span>    |
| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-270">T2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-270">T2</span></span>       | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-271">Transaction B:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-271">Transaction B:</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-272">Update</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-272">Update</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-273">employee entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-273">employee entity</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-274">in primary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-274">in primary</span></span>  |                                | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-275">T1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-275">T1</span></span>                 | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-276">Transaction B written to primary,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-276">Transaction B written to primary,</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-277">not replicated yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-277">not replicated yet.</span></span>  |
| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-278">T3</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-278">T3</span></span>       | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-279">Transaction C:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-279">Transaction C:</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-280">Update</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-280">Update</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-281">administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-281">administrator</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-282">role entity in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-282">role entity in</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-283">primary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-283">primary</span></span> |                    | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-284">T1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-284">T1</span></span>                 | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-285">Transaction C written to primary,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-285">Transaction C written to primary,</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-286">not replicated yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-286">not replicated yet.</span></span>  |
| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-287">*T4*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-287">*T4*</span></span>     |                                                       | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-288">Transaction C</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-288">Transaction C</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-289">replicated to</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-289">replicated to</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-290">secondary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-290">secondary</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-291">T1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-291">T1</span></span>         | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-292">Transaction C replicated to secondary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-292">Transaction C replicated to secondary.</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-293">LastSyncTime not updated because</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-293">LastSyncTime not updated because</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-294">transaction B has not been replicated yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-294">transaction B has not been replicated yet.</span></span>|
| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-295">*T5*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-295">*T5*</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-296">Read entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-296">Read entities</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-297">from secondary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-297">from secondary</span></span>                           |                                  | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-298">T1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-298">T1</span></span>                 | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-299">You get the stale value for employee</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-299">You get the stale value for employee</span></span> <br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-300">entity because transaction B hasn't</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-300">entity because transaction B hasn't</span></span> <br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-301">replicated yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-301">replicated yet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-302">You get the new value for</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-302">You get the new value for</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-303">administrator role entity because C has</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-303">administrator role entity because C has</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-304">replicated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-304">replicated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-305">Last Sync Time still hasn't</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-305">Last Sync Time still hasn't</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-306">been updated because transaction B</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-306">been updated because transaction B</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-307">hasn't replicated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-307">hasn't replicated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-308">You can tell the</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-308">You can tell the</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-309">administrator role entity is inconsistent</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-309">administrator role entity is inconsistent</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-310">because the entity date/time is after</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-310">because the entity date/time is after</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-311">the Last Sync Time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-311">the Last Sync Time.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="037ba-312">*T6*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-312">*T6*</span></span>     |                                                      | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-313">Transaction B</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-313">Transaction B</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-314">replicated to</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-314">replicated to</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-315">secondary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-315">secondary</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-316">T6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-316">T6</span></span>                 | <span data-ttu-id="037ba-317">*T6* – All transactions through C have</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-317">*T6* – All transactions through C have</span></span> <br><span data-ttu-id="037ba-318">been replicated, Last Sync Time</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-318">been replicated, Last Sync Time</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-319">is updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-319">is updated.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-320">In this example, assume the client switches to reading from the secondary region at T5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-320">In this example, assume the client switches to reading from the secondary region at T5.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-321">It can successfully read the **administrator role** entity at this time, but the entity contains a value for the count of administrators that is not consistent with the number of **employee** entities that are marked as administrators in the secondary region at this time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-321">It can successfully read the **administrator role** entity at this time, but the entity contains a value for the count of administrators that is not consistent with the number of **employee** entities that are marked as administrators in the secondary region at this time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-322">Your client could simply display this value, with the risk that it is inconsistent information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-322">Your client could simply display this value, with the risk that it is inconsistent information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-323">Alternatively, the client could attempt to determine that the **administrator role** is in a potentially inconsistent state because the updates have happened out of order, and then inform the user of this fact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-323">Alternatively, the client could attempt to determine that the **administrator role** is in a potentially inconsistent state because the updates have happened out of order, and then inform the user of this fact.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-324">To recognize that it has potentially inconsistent data, the client can use the value of the *Last Sync Time* that you can get at any time by querying a storage service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-324">To recognize that it has potentially inconsistent data, the client can use the value of the *Last Sync Time* that you can get at any time by querying a storage service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-325">This tells you the time when the data in the secondary region was last consistent and when the service had applied all the transactions prior to that point in time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-325">This tells you the time when the data in the secondary region was last consistent and when the service had applied all the transactions prior to that point in time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-326">In the example shown above, after the service inserts the **employee** entity in the secondary region, the last sync time is set to *T1*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-326">In the example shown above, after the service inserts the **employee** entity in the secondary region, the last sync time is set to *T1*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-327">It remains at *T1* until the service updates the **employee** entity in the secondary region when it is set to *T6*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-327">It remains at *T1* until the service updates the **employee** entity in the secondary region when it is set to *T6*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-328">If the client retrieves the last sync time when it reads the entity at *T5*, it can compare it with the timestamp on the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-328">If the client retrieves the last sync time when it reads the entity at *T5*, it can compare it with the timestamp on the entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-329">If the timestamp on the entity is later than the last sync time, then the entity is in a potentially inconsistent state, and you can take whatever is the appropriate action for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-329">If the timestamp on the entity is later than the last sync time, then the entity is in a potentially inconsistent state, and you can take whatever is the appropriate action for your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-330">Using this field requires that you know when the last update to the primary was completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-330">Using this field requires that you know when the last update to the primary was completed.</span></span>

## <a name="testing"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-331">Testing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-331">Testing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-332">It's important to test that your application behaves as expected when it encounters retryable errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-332">It's important to test that your application behaves as expected when it encounters retryable errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-333">For example, you need to test that the application switches to the secondary and into read-only mode when it detects a problem, and switches back when the primary region becomes available again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-333">For example, you need to test that the application switches to the secondary and into read-only mode when it detects a problem, and switches back when the primary region becomes available again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-334">To do this, you need a way to simulate retryable errors and control how often they occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-334">To do this, you need a way to simulate retryable errors and control how often they occur.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-335">You can use [Fiddler](http://www.telerik.com/fiddler) to intercept and modify HTTP responses in a script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-335">You can use [Fiddler](http://www.telerik.com/fiddler) to intercept and modify HTTP responses in a script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-336">This script can identify responses that come from your primary endpoint and change the HTTP status code to one that the Storage Client Library recognizes as a retryable error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-336">This script can identify responses that come from your primary endpoint and change the HTTP status code to one that the Storage Client Library recognizes as a retryable error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-337">This code snippet shows a simple example of a Fiddler script that intercepts responses to read requests against the **employeedata** table to return a 502 status:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-337">This code snippet shows a simple example of a Fiddler script that intercepts responses to read requests against the **employeedata** table to return a 502 status:</span></span>

```java
static function OnBeforeResponse(oSession: Session) {
    ...
    if ((oSession.hostname == "\[yourstorageaccount\].table.core.windows.net")
      && (oSession.PathAndQuery.StartsWith("/employeedata?$filter"))) {
        oSession.responseCode = 502;
    }
}
```

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-338">You could extend this example to intercept a wider range of requests and only change the **responseCode** on some of them to better simulate a real-world scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-338">You could extend this example to intercept a wider range of requests and only change the **responseCode** on some of them to better simulate a real-world scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="037ba-339">For more information about customizing Fiddler scripts, see [Modifying a Request or Response](http://docs.telerik.com/fiddler/KnowledgeBase/FiddlerScript/ModifyRequestOrResponse) in the Fiddler documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-339">For more information about customizing Fiddler scripts, see [Modifying a Request or Response](http://docs.telerik.com/fiddler/KnowledgeBase/FiddlerScript/ModifyRequestOrResponse) in the Fiddler documentation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="037ba-340">If you have made the thresholds for switching your application to read-only mode configurable, it will be easier to test the behavior with non-production transaction volumes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-340">If you have made the thresholds for switching your application to read-only mode configurable, it will be easier to test the behavior with non-production transaction volumes.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="037ba-341">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-341">Next Steps</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-342">For more information about Read Access Geo-Redundancy, including another example of how the LastSyncTime is set, please see [Windows Azure Storage Redundancy Options and Read Access Geo Redundant Storage](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsazurestorage/2013/12/11/windows-azure-storage-redundancy-options-and-read-access-geo-redundant-storage/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-342">For more information about Read Access Geo-Redundancy, including another example of how the LastSyncTime is set, please see [Windows Azure Storage Redundancy Options and Read Access Geo Redundant Storage](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsazurestorage/2013/12/11/windows-azure-storage-redundancy-options-and-read-access-geo-redundant-storage/).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="037ba-343">For a complete sample showing how to make the switch back and forth between the Primary and Secondary endpoints, please see [Azure Samples – Using the Circuit Breaker Pattern with RA-GRS storage](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/storage-dotnet-circuit-breaker-pattern-ha-apps-using-ra-grs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="037ba-343">For a complete sample showing how to make the switch back and forth between the Primary and Secondary endpoints, please see [Azure Samples – Using the Circuit Breaker Pattern with RA-GRS storage](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/storage-dotnet-circuit-breaker-pattern-ha-apps-using-ra-grs).</span></span>
