---
title: Custom Speech Service overview on Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: The Custom Speech Service is a cloud-based service that enables users to customize speech models for speech-to-text transcription.
services: cognitive-services
author: PanosPeriorellis
manager: onano
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.component: custom-speech
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/07/2017
ms.author: panosper
ms.openlocfilehash: a6139283a555f8f97371c02f9d1f3d53dc6f15d3
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44871254"
---
# <a name="what-is-custom-speech-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="ff227-103">What is Custom Speech Service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-103">What is Custom Speech Service?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-104">Custom Speech Service is a cloud-based service that provides users with the ability to customize speech models for Speech-to-Text transcription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-104">Custom Speech Service is a cloud-based service that provides users with the ability to customize speech models for Speech-to-Text transcription.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ff227-105">To use the Custom Speech Service, refer to the [Custom Speech Service Portal](https://cris.ai).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-105">To use the Custom Speech Service, refer to the [Custom Speech Service Portal](https://cris.ai).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-106">The Custom Speech Service enables you to create customized language models and acoustic models tailored to your application and your users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-106">The Custom Speech Service enables you to create customized language models and acoustic models tailored to your application and your users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-107">By uploading your specific speech and/or text data to the Custom Speech Service, you can create custom models that can be used in conjunction with Microsoft’s existing state-of-the-art speech models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-107">By uploading your specific speech and/or text data to the Custom Speech Service, you can create custom models that can be used in conjunction with Microsoft’s existing state-of-the-art speech models.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-108">For example, if you’re adding voice interaction to a mobile phone, tablet or PC app, you can create a custom language model that can be combined with Microsoft’s acoustic model to create a speech-to-text endpoint designed especially for your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-108">For example, if you’re adding voice interaction to a mobile phone, tablet or PC app, you can create a custom language model that can be combined with Microsoft’s acoustic model to create a speech-to-text endpoint designed especially for your app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-109">If your application is designed for use in a particular environment or by a particular user population, you can also create and deploy a custom acoustic model with this service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-109">If your application is designed for use in a particular environment or by a particular user population, you can also create and deploy a custom acoustic model with this service.</span></span>


## <a name="how-do-speech-recognition-systems-work"></a><span data-ttu-id="ff227-110">How do speech recognition systems work?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-110">How do speech recognition systems work?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ff227-111">Speech recognition systems are composed of several components that work together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-111">Speech recognition systems are composed of several components that work together.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-112">Two of the most important components are the acoustic model and the language model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-112">Two of the most important components are the acoustic model and the language model.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-113">The acoustic model is a classifier that labels short fragments of audio into one of a number of phonemes, or sound units, in a given language.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-113">The acoustic model is a classifier that labels short fragments of audio into one of a number of phonemes, or sound units, in a given language.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-114">For example, the word “speech” is composed of four phonemes “s p iy ch”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-114">For example, the word “speech” is composed of four phonemes “s p iy ch”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-115">These classifications are made on the order of 100 times per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-115">These classifications are made on the order of 100 times per second.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-116">The language model is a probability distribution over sequences of words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-116">The language model is a probability distribution over sequences of words.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-117">The language model helps the system decide among sequences of words that sound similar, based on the likelihood of the word sequences themselves.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-117">The language model helps the system decide among sequences of words that sound similar, based on the likelihood of the word sequences themselves.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-118">For example, “recognize speech” and “wreck a nice beach” sound alike but the first hypothesis is far more likely to occur, and therefore will be assigned a higher score by the language model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-118">For example, “recognize speech” and “wreck a nice beach” sound alike but the first hypothesis is far more likely to occur, and therefore will be assigned a higher score by the language model.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-119">Both the acoustic and language models are statistical models learned from training data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-119">Both the acoustic and language models are statistical models learned from training data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-120">As a result, they perform best when the speech they encounter when used in applications is similar to the data observed during training.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-120">As a result, they perform best when the speech they encounter when used in applications is similar to the data observed during training.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-121">The acoustic and language models in the Microsoft Speech-To-Text engine have been trained on an enormous collection of speech and text and provide state-of-the-art performance for the most common usage scenarios, such as interacting with Cortana on your smart phone, tablet or PC, searching the web by voice or dictating text messages to a friend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-121">The acoustic and language models in the Microsoft Speech-To-Text engine have been trained on an enormous collection of speech and text and provide state-of-the-art performance for the most common usage scenarios, such as interacting with Cortana on your smart phone, tablet or PC, searching the web by voice or dictating text messages to a friend.</span></span>

## <a name="why-use-the-custom-speech-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="ff227-122">Why use the Custom Speech Service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-122">Why use the Custom Speech Service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ff227-123">While the Microsoft Speech-To-Text engine is world-class, it is targeted toward the scenarios described above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-123">While the Microsoft Speech-To-Text engine is world-class, it is targeted toward the scenarios described above.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-124">However, if you expect voice queries to your application to contain particular vocabulary items, such as product names or jargon that rarely occur in typical speech, it is likely that you can obtain improved performance by customizing the language model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-124">However, if you expect voice queries to your application to contain particular vocabulary items, such as product names or jargon that rarely occur in typical speech, it is likely that you can obtain improved performance by customizing the language model.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-125">For example, if you were building an app to search MSDN by voice, it’s likely that terms like “object-oriented” or “namespace” or “dot net” will appear more frequently than in typical voice applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-125">For example, if you were building an app to search MSDN by voice, it’s likely that terms like “object-oriented” or “namespace” or “dot net” will appear more frequently than in typical voice applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ff227-126">Customizing the language model will enable the system to learn this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-126">Customizing the language model will enable the system to learn this.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="ff227-127">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-127">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ff227-128">For more information about how to use the Custom Speech Service, see the [Custom Speech Service Portal] (https://cris.ai).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-128">For more information about how to use the Custom Speech Service, see the [Custom Speech Service Portal] (https://cris.ai).</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="ff227-129">Get Started</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-129">Get Started</span></span>](cognitive-services-custom-speech-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ff227-130">FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-130">FAQ</span></span>](cognitive-services-custom-speech-faq.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ff227-131">Glossary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ff227-131">Glossary</span></span>](cognitive-services-custom-speech-glossary.md)
