---
title: Azure Germany overview | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides an overview of the Azure Germany cloud capabilities and the trustworthy design and security that support compliance requirements for German data privacy regulations
services: germany
cloud: na
documentationcenter: na
author: gitralf
manager: rainerst
ms.assetid: na
ms.service: germany
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 04/13/2017
ms.author: ralfwi
ms.openlocfilehash: 2676df7c83f5fc12ab49cc4d0d8f7144ff0d6241
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44967461"
---
# <a name="welcome-to-azure-germany"></a><span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-103">Welcome to Azure Germany</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-103">Welcome to Azure Germany</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-105">Microsoft Azure Germany delivers a cloud platform built on the [foundational principles of security, privacy, compliance, and transparency](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/clouds/germany/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-105">Microsoft Azure Germany delivers a cloud platform built on the [foundational principles of security, privacy, compliance, and transparency](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/clouds/germany/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-106">Azure Germany is a physically isolated instance of Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-106">Azure Germany is a physically isolated instance of Microsoft Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-107">It uses world-class security and [compliance services](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/compliance/) that are critical to German data privacy regulations for all systems and applications built on its architecture.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-107">It uses world-class security and [compliance services](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/compliance/) that are critical to German data privacy regulations for all systems and applications built on its architecture.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-108">Operated by a data trustee, Azure Germany supports multiple hybrid scenarios for building and deploying solutions on-premises or in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-108">Operated by a data trustee, Azure Germany supports multiple hybrid scenarios for building and deploying solutions on-premises or in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-109">You can also take advantage of the instant scalability and guaranteed uptime of a hyperscale cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-109">You can also take advantage of the instant scalability and guaranteed uptime of a hyperscale cloud service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-110">Azure Germany includes the core components of infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), and software as a service (SaaS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-110">Azure Germany includes the core components of infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), and software as a service (SaaS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-111">These components include infrastructure, network, storage, data management, identity management, and many other services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-111">These components include infrastructure, network, storage, data management, identity management, and many other services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-112">Azure Germany supports most of the same great features that global Azure customers have used, like geosynchronous data replication and autoscaling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-112">Azure Germany supports most of the same great features that global Azure customers have used, like geosynchronous data replication and autoscaling.</span></span> 

## <a name="azure-germany-documentation"></a><span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-113">Azure Germany documentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-113">Azure Germany documentation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-114">This site describes the capabilities of [Microsoft Azure Germany](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/clouds/germany/) services, and it provides general guidance that applies to all customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-114">This site describes the capabilities of [Microsoft Azure Germany](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/clouds/germany/) services, and it provides general guidance that applies to all customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-115">Before you include specifically regulated data in your Azure Germany subscription, you should familiarize yourself with the Azure Germany capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-115">Before you include specifically regulated data in your Azure Germany subscription, you should familiarize yourself with the Azure Germany capabilities.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-116">For current information on the Azure Germany services covered under specific accreditations and regulations, see the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center Compliance page](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/default.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-116">For current information on the Azure Germany services covered under specific accreditations and regulations, see the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center Compliance page](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/default.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-117">Additional Microsoft services might be available, but they are not within the scope of the Azure Germany covered services or this documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-117">Additional Microsoft services might be available, but they are not within the scope of the Azure Germany covered services or this documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-118">Azure Germany services might also permit you to use various additional resources, applications, or services that are provided by third parties--or by Microsoft under separate terms of use and privacy policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-118">Azure Germany services might also permit you to use various additional resources, applications, or services that are provided by third parties--or by Microsoft under separate terms of use and privacy policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-119">These are also not included in the scope of this documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-119">These are also not included in the scope of this documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-120">You are responsible for reviewing the terms of all such “add-on” offerings, such as Azure Marketplace offerings, to ensure that they meet your needs for compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-120">You are responsible for reviewing the terms of all such “add-on” offerings, such as Azure Marketplace offerings, to ensure that they meet your needs for compliance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-121">Azure Germany is available to eligible customers and partners globally who intend to do business in the EU/EFTA, including the United Kingdom.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-121">Azure Germany is available to eligible customers and partners globally who intend to do business in the EU/EFTA, including the United Kingdom.</span></span>

## <a name="general-guidance-for-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-122">General guidance for customers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-122">General guidance for customers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-123">Most of the technical content that's currently available assumes that applications are being developed for global Azure rather than for Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-123">Most of the technical content that's currently available assumes that applications are being developed for global Azure rather than for Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-124">It’s important for you to ensure that developers are aware of key differences for applications developed to be hosted in Azure Germany:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-124">It’s important for you to ensure that developers are aware of key differences for applications developed to be hosted in Azure Germany:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-125">Certain services and features that are in specific regions of global Azure might not be available in Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-125">Certain services and features that are in specific regions of global Azure might not be available in Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-126">For the most up-to-date services that are generally available, see the [regions page](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-126">For the most up-to-date services that are generally available, see the [regions page](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services).</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-127">For features that are offered in Azure Germany, there are configuration differences from global Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-127">For features that are offered in Azure Germany, there are configuration differences from global Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-128">You should review your sample code, configurations, and steps to ensure that you are building and executing within the Azure Germany environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-128">You should review your sample code, configurations, and steps to ensure that you are building and executing within the Azure Germany environment.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-129">For information that identifies the Azure Germany boundary, and for customer-regulated/controlled data guidance and best practices, refer to the Azure Germany technical services documentation on this site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-129">For information that identifies the Azure Germany boundary, and for customer-regulated/controlled data guidance and best practices, refer to the Azure Germany technical services documentation on this site.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-130">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-130">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-131">For supplemental information and updates, subscribe to the [Azure Germany blog](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregermany/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-131">For supplemental information and updates, subscribe to the [Azure Germany blog](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregermany/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-132">If you're interested in learning more about Azure Germany, use the following links:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-132">If you're interested in learning more about Azure Germany, use the following links:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-133">Sign up for a trial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-133">Sign up for a trial</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/germany/)
* <span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-134">[Sign in](https://portal.microsoftazure.de/) (if you already have an Azure Germany account)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-134">[Sign in](https://portal.microsoftazure.de/) (if you already have an Azure Germany account)</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="a6bc4-135">Acquiring and accessing Azure Germany</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a6bc4-135">Acquiring and accessing Azure Germany</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/clouds/germany/) 



