---
title: Azure Germany data trustee | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides information about the data trustee model.
services: germany
cloud: na
documentationcenter: na
author: gitralf
manager: rainerst
ms.assetid: na
ms.service: germany
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 04/07/2017
ms.author: ralfwi
ms.openlocfilehash: eefe5b04bfb994dea42dfe43638ed7c9ec3df6fd
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44865813"
---
# <a name="data-trustee-principle"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d6-103">Data trustee principle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-103">Data trustee principle</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d6-104">Microsoft developed Azure Germany to help meet the needs of customers and prospective customers in the European Union (EU), the European Free Trade Association (EFTA), and the UK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-104">Microsoft developed Azure Germany to help meet the needs of customers and prospective customers in the European Union (EU), the European Free Trade Association (EFTA), and the UK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-105">These needs include addressing concerns about security and privacy of online data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-105">These needs include addressing concerns about security and privacy of online data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-106">Azure Germany comprises industry-leading cloud services *hosted and operated entirely under special security measures in Germany.*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-106">Azure Germany comprises industry-leading cloud services *hosted and operated entirely under special security measures in Germany.*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d6-107">A local company controls access to customer data, as long as access is not granted by the customer or end users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-107">A local company controls access to customer data, as long as access is not granted by the customer or end users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-108">This model ensures that the data owners keep sovereignty and the decision-making powers over their data--especially against third parties such as domestic or foreign supervisory and law enforcement authorities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-108">This model ensures that the data owners keep sovereignty and the decision-making powers over their data--especially against third parties such as domestic or foreign supervisory and law enforcement authorities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-109">These authorities can access customer data only in regulatory and compliant cases under the requirements of the German law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-109">These authorities can access customer data only in regulatory and compliant cases under the requirements of the German law.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d6-110">Azure Germany offers a separate instance of Microsoft Azure services from within German datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-110">Azure Germany offers a separate instance of Microsoft Azure services from within German datacenters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-111">The datacenters are in two locations, Frankfurt/Main and Magdeburg.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-111">The datacenters are in two locations, Frankfurt/Main and Magdeburg.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-112">This placement ensures that customer data remains in Germany and that the datacenters connect to each other through a private network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-112">This placement ensures that customer data remains in Germany and that the datacenters connect to each other through a private network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-113">All customer data is exclusively stored in those datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-113">All customer data is exclusively stored in those datacenters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-114">A designated German company--the German data trustee--controls access to customer data and the systems and infrastructure that hold customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-114">A designated German company--the German data trustee--controls access to customer data and the systems and infrastructure that hold customer data.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="308d6-115">The German data trustee is an independent company that is headquartered, incorporated, owned, and controlled in Germany and is subject to German law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-115">The German data trustee is an independent company that is headquartered, incorporated, owned, and controlled in Germany and is subject to German law.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-116">For Microsoft Azure Germany, T-Systems International, a subsidiary company of Deutsche Telekom, has been contracted as the data trustee.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-116">For Microsoft Azure Germany, T-Systems International, a subsidiary company of Deutsche Telekom, has been contracted as the data trustee.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-117">The main characteristic of the data trustee model is that Microsoft is granted access to customer data only in contractually compliant cases by and under the supervision of the data trustee or the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-117">The main characteristic of the data trustee model is that Microsoft is granted access to customer data only in contractually compliant cases by and under the supervision of the data trustee or the customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-118">At the same time, Microsoft Azure Germany integrates state-of-the-art security measures and global standards for datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-118">At the same time, Microsoft Azure Germany integrates state-of-the-art security measures and global standards for datacenters.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d6-119">Microsoft administers all aspects of operation and provisioning of Azure Germany services that do not require access to customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-119">Microsoft administers all aspects of operation and provisioning of Azure Germany services that do not require access to customer data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-120">It ensures that there is no connection with other Microsoft global cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-120">It ensures that there is no connection with other Microsoft global cloud services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-121">Microsoft remains responsible to its customers for service level agreements (SLAs), and for most operational aspects that do not enable access to customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-121">Microsoft remains responsible to its customers for service level agreements (SLAs), and for most operational aspects that do not enable access to customer data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d6-122">In contrast, the German data trustee is responsible for all tasks and processes that require physical or logical access to infrastructure in Germany that stores customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-122">In contrast, the German data trustee is responsible for all tasks and processes that require physical or logical access to infrastructure in Germany that stores customer data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d6-123">The data trustee controls all access to customer data other than access initiated by the customer or end users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-123">The data trustee controls all access to customer data other than access initiated by the customer or end users.</span></span> 



<span data-ttu-id="308d6-124">The following features are characteristic for Azure Germany:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-124">The following features are characteristic for Azure Germany:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="308d6-125">All data that the customer provides through its use of Azure Germany is stored in German datacenters only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-125">All data that the customer provides through its use of Azure Germany is stored in German datacenters only.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="308d6-126">Physical access to the datacenters is monitored and controlled through a well-known German data trustee (T-Systems International).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-126">Physical access to the datacenters is monitored and controlled through a well-known German data trustee (T-Systems International).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="308d6-127">Depending on the service used, data is constantly synchronized between the datacenters to ensure continuity of business processes and to enable emergency recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-127">Depending on the service used, data is constantly synchronized between the datacenters to ensure continuity of business processes and to enable emergency recovery.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="308d6-128">Access to customer data is under the control of the data trustee.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-128">Access to customer data is under the control of the data trustee.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="308d6-129">The data trustee operates under German law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-129">The data trustee operates under German law.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d6-130">For more information, see the [Microsoft trustee compliance model](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Cloud-Germany-Compliance-4161d8df).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d6-130">For more information, see the [Microsoft trustee compliance model](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Cloud-Germany-Compliance-4161d8df).</span></span>