---
title: Azure Germany networking services | Microsoft Docs
description: Provides a comparison of features and guidance for private connectivity to Azure Germany
services: germany
cloud: na
documentationcenter: na
author: gitralf
manager: rainerst
ms.assetid: na
ms.service: germany
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 04/13/2017
ms.author: ralfwi
ms.openlocfilehash: 82d9be403b5dc8711d86a65ad84477419549f8df
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44965445"
---
# <a name="azure-germany-networking-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-103">Azure Germany networking services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-103">Azure Germany networking services</span></span>
## <a name="expressroute-private-connectivity"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-104">ExpressRoute (private connectivity)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-104">ExpressRoute (private connectivity)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d287a-105">Azure ExpressRoute is generally available in Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-105">Azure ExpressRoute is generally available in Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-106">For more information (including partners and peering locations), see the [ExpressRoute global documentation](../expressroute/index.yml).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-106">For more information (including partners and peering locations), see the [ExpressRoute global documentation](../expressroute/index.yml).</span></span>

### <a name="variations"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-107">Variations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-107">Variations</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-108">Azure Germany customers connect to a physically isolated capacity over a dedicated Azure Germany ExpressRoute connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-108">Azure Germany customers connect to a physically isolated capacity over a dedicated Azure Germany ExpressRoute connection.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-109">Azure Germany provides increased availability and durability by using multiple region pairs located a minimum of 400 km apart.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-109">Azure Germany provides increased availability and durability by using multiple region pairs located a minimum of 400 km apart.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-110">By default, all Azure Germany ExpressRoute connectivity is configured as active-active redundant with support for bursting and delivers up to 10G circuit capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-110">By default, all Azure Germany ExpressRoute connectivity is configured as active-active redundant with support for bursting and delivers up to 10G circuit capacity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-111">Azure Germany ExpressRoute locations provide optimized pathways (including shortest hops, low latency, and high performance) for customers and Azure Germany geo-redundant regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-111">Azure Germany ExpressRoute locations provide optimized pathways (including shortest hops, low latency, and high performance) for customers and Azure Germany geo-redundant regions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-112">The Azure Germany ExpressRoute private connection does not use, traverse, or depend on the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-112">The Azure Germany ExpressRoute private connection does not use, traverse, or depend on the Internet.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-113">The Azure Germany physical and logical infrastructure is physically dedicated and separated from the international Microsoft cloud network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-113">The Azure Germany physical and logical infrastructure is physically dedicated and separated from the international Microsoft cloud network.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-114">Azure Germany ExpressRoute provides private connectivity to Microsoft Azure cloud services, but not to Office 365 or Dynamics 365 cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-114">Azure Germany ExpressRoute provides private connectivity to Microsoft Azure cloud services, but not to Office 365 or Dynamics 365 cloud services.</span></span>

### <a name="considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-115">Considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-115">Considerations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d287a-116">Two basic services provide private network connectivity to Azure Germany: ExpressRoute and VPN (site-to-site for a typical organization).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-116">Two basic services provide private network connectivity to Azure Germany: ExpressRoute and VPN (site-to-site for a typical organization).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d287a-117">You can use ExpressRoute to create private connections between Azure Germany datacenters and your on-premises infrastructure, or in a colocation environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-117">You can use ExpressRoute to create private connections between Azure Germany datacenters and your on-premises infrastructure, or in a colocation environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-118">ExpressRoute connections do not go over the public Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-118">ExpressRoute connections do not go over the public Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-119">They offer more reliability, faster speeds, and lower latencies than typical Internet connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-119">They offer more reliability, faster speeds, and lower latencies than typical Internet connections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-120">In some cases, using ExpressRoute connections to transfer data between on-premises systems and Azure yields significant cost benefits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-120">In some cases, using ExpressRoute connections to transfer data between on-premises systems and Azure yields significant cost benefits.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="d287a-121">With ExpressRoute, you establish connections to Azure at an ExpressRoute location, such as an ExpressRoute Exchange provider facility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-121">With ExpressRoute, you establish connections to Azure at an ExpressRoute location, such as an ExpressRoute Exchange provider facility.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-122">Or you directly connect to Azure from your existing WAN, such as a multiprotocol label switching (MPLS) VPN that's supplied by a network service provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-122">Or you directly connect to Azure from your existing WAN, such as a multiprotocol label switching (MPLS) VPN that's supplied by a network service provider.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d287a-123">For network services to support Azure Germany customer applications and solutions, we strongly recommend that you implement ExpressRoute (private connectivity) to connect to Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-123">For network services to support Azure Germany customer applications and solutions, we strongly recommend that you implement ExpressRoute (private connectivity) to connect to Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-124">If you use VPN connections, consider the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-124">If you use VPN connections, consider the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-125">Contact your authorizing official/agency to determine whether you need private connectivity or another secure connection mechanism, and to identify any additional restrictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-125">Contact your authorizing official/agency to determine whether you need private connectivity or another secure connection mechanism, and to identify any additional restrictions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-126">Decide whether to mandate that the site-to-site VPN is routed through a private connectivity zone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-126">Decide whether to mandate that the site-to-site VPN is routed through a private connectivity zone.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d287a-127">Obtain either an MPLS circuit or a VPN with a licensed private connectivity access provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-127">Obtain either an MPLS circuit or a VPN with a licensed private connectivity access provider.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d287a-128">If you use a private connectivity architecture, validate that an appropriate implementation is established and maintained for the connection to the Gateway Network/Internet (GN/I) edge router demarcation point for Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-128">If you use a private connectivity architecture, validate that an appropriate implementation is established and maintained for the connection to the Gateway Network/Internet (GN/I) edge router demarcation point for Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-129">Similarly, your organization must establish network connectivity between your on-premises environment and Gateway Network/Customer (GN/C) edge router demarcation point for Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-129">Similarly, your organization must establish network connectivity between your on-premises environment and Gateway Network/Customer (GN/C) edge router demarcation point for Azure Germany.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d287a-130">If you are connecting to Microsoft through ExpressRoute at any one peering location in the Azure Germany region, you will have access to all Microsoft Azure cloud services across all regions within the German boundary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-130">If you are connecting to Microsoft through ExpressRoute at any one peering location in the Azure Germany region, you will have access to all Microsoft Azure cloud services across all regions within the German boundary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-131">For example, if you connect to Microsoft in Berlin through ExpressRoute, you will have access to all Microsoft cloud services hosted in Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-131">For example, if you connect to Microsoft in Berlin through ExpressRoute, you will have access to all Microsoft cloud services hosted in Azure Germany.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d287a-132">For details on locations and partners, and a detailed list of ExpressRoute for Azure Germany peering locations, see the **Overview** tab in the [ExpressRoute global documentation](../expressroute/index.yml).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-132">For details on locations and partners, and a detailed list of ExpressRoute for Azure Germany peering locations, see the **Overview** tab in the [ExpressRoute global documentation](../expressroute/index.yml).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d287a-133">You can purchase more than one ExpressRoute circuit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-133">You can purchase more than one ExpressRoute circuit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-134">Having multiple connections offers you significant benefits on high availability due to geo-redundancy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-134">Having multiple connections offers you significant benefits on high availability due to geo-redundancy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-135">In cases where you have multiple ExpressRoute circuits, you will receive the same set of prefixes advertised from Microsoft on the public peering paths.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-135">In cases where you have multiple ExpressRoute circuits, you will receive the same set of prefixes advertised from Microsoft on the public peering paths.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-136">This means you will have multiple paths from your network to Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-136">This means you will have multiple paths from your network to Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-137">This situation can potentially cause suboptimal routing decisions to be made in your network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-137">This situation can potentially cause suboptimal routing decisions to be made in your network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-138">As a result, you might experience suboptimal connectivity experiences to different services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-138">As a result, you might experience suboptimal connectivity experiences to different services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-139">For more information, see the **How-to guides > Best practices** tab in the [ExpressRoute global documentation](../expressroute/index.yml) and select **Optimize routing**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-139">For more information, see the **How-to guides > Best practices** tab in the [ExpressRoute global documentation](../expressroute/index.yml) and select **Optimize routing**.</span></span>

## <a name="support-for-load-balancer"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-140">Support for Load Balancer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-140">Support for Load Balancer</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d287a-141">Azure Load Balancer is generally available in Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-141">Azure Load Balancer is generally available in Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-142">For more information, see the [Load Balancer global documentation](../load-balancer/load-balancer-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-142">For more information, see the [Load Balancer global documentation](../load-balancer/load-balancer-overview.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="support-for-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-143">Support for Traffic Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-143">Support for Traffic Manager</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d287a-144">Azure Traffic Manager is generally available in Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-144">Azure Traffic Manager is generally available in Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-145">For more information, see the [Traffic Manager global documentation](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-145">For more information, see the [Traffic Manager global documentation](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="support-for-virtual-network-peering"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-146">Support for virtual network peering</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-146">Support for virtual network peering</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d287a-147">Virtual network peering is generally available in Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-147">Virtual network peering is generally available in Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-148">For more information, see the [Virtual network peering global documentation](../virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-148">For more information, see the [Virtual network peering global documentation](../virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="support-for-vpn-gateway"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-149">Support for VPN Gateway</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-149">Support for VPN Gateway</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="d287a-150">Azure VPN Gateway is generally available in Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-150">Azure VPN Gateway is generally available in Azure Germany.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d287a-151">For more information, see the [VPN Gateway global documentation](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-vpngateways.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-151">For more information, see the [VPN Gateway global documentation](../vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-vpngateways.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="d287a-152">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-152">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d287a-153">For supplemental information and updates, subscribe to the [Azure Germany blog](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregermany/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d287a-153">For supplemental information and updates, subscribe to the [Azure Germany blog](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregermany/).</span></span>
