---
title: Azure Stack telemetry | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes how to configure Azure Stack telemetry settings using PowerShell.
services: azure-stack
documentationcenter: ''
author: jeffgilb
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: azure-stack
ms.workload: na
pms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 05/17/2018
ms.author: jeffgilb
ms.reviewer: misainat
ms.openlocfilehash: bfd16901c5ce036719a1ed19e9a5b5c6ef52be93
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44868128"
---
# <a name="azure-stack-telemetry"></a><span data-ttu-id="085f5-103">Azure Stack telemetry</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-103">Azure Stack telemetry</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-104">Azure Stack system data, or telemetry, is automatically uploaded to Microsoft via the Connected User Experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-104">Azure Stack system data, or telemetry, is automatically uploaded to Microsoft via the Connected User Experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-105">Data gathered from Azure Stack telemetry is used by Microsoft teams primarily to improve our customer experiences, and for security, health, quality, and performance analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-105">Data gathered from Azure Stack telemetry is used by Microsoft teams primarily to improve our customer experiences, and for security, health, quality, and performance analysis.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-106">As an Azure Stack operator, telemetry can provide valuable insights into enterprise deployments and gives you a voice that helps shape future versions of Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-106">As an Azure Stack operator, telemetry can provide valuable insights into enterprise deployments and gives you a voice that helps shape future versions of Azure Stack.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-107">Azure Stack can also be configured to forward usage information to Azure for billing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-107">Azure Stack can also be configured to forward usage information to Azure for billing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-108">This is required for Multi-Node Azure Stack customers who choose pay-as-you-use billing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-108">This is required for Multi-Node Azure Stack customers who choose pay-as-you-use billing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-109">Usage reporting is controlled independently from telemetry and is not required for Multi-node customers who choose the capacity model or for Azure Stack Development Kit users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-109">Usage reporting is controlled independently from telemetry and is not required for Multi-node customers who choose the capacity model or for Azure Stack Development Kit users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-110">For these scenarios, usage reporting can be turned off [using the registration script](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/azure-stack-usage-reporting).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-110">For these scenarios, usage reporting can be turned off [using the registration script](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-stack/azure-stack-usage-reporting).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-111">Azure Stack telemetry is based on the Windows Server 2016 Connected User Experience and Telemetry component, which uses the [Event Tracing for Windows (ETW)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn904632(v=vs.85).aspx) trace logging technology to gather and store telemetry events and data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-111">Azure Stack telemetry is based on the Windows Server 2016 Connected User Experience and Telemetry component, which uses the [Event Tracing for Windows (ETW)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn904632(v=vs.85).aspx) trace logging technology to gather and store telemetry events and data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-112">Azure Stack components use the same logging technology to publish events and data that are gathered by using public operating system event logging and tracing APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-112">Azure Stack components use the same logging technology to publish events and data that are gathered by using public operating system event logging and tracing APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-113">Examples of Azure Stack components include Network Resource Provider, Storage Resource Provider, Monitoring Resource Provider, and Update Resource Provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-113">Examples of Azure Stack components include Network Resource Provider, Storage Resource Provider, Monitoring Resource Provider, and Update Resource Provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-114">The Connected User Experience and Telemetry component encrypts data using SSL and uses certificate pinning to transmit telemetry data over HTTPS to the Microsoft Data Management service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-114">The Connected User Experience and Telemetry component encrypts data using SSL and uses certificate pinning to transmit telemetry data over HTTPS to the Microsoft Data Management service.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-115">To support telemetry data flow, port 443 (HTTPS) must be open in your network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-115">To support telemetry data flow, port 443 (HTTPS) must be open in your network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-116">The Connected User Experience and Telemetry component connects to the Microsoft Data Management service at https://v10.vortex-win.data.microsoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-116">The Connected User Experience and Telemetry component connects to the Microsoft Data Management service at https://v10.vortex-win.data.microsoft.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-117">The Connected User Experience and Telemetry component also connects to https://settings-win.data.microsoft.com to download configuration information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-117">The Connected User Experience and Telemetry component also connects to https://settings-win.data.microsoft.com to download configuration information.</span></span>

## <a name="privacy-considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="085f5-118">Privacy considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-118">Privacy considerations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="085f5-119">The ETW service routes telemetry data back to protected cloud storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-119">The ETW service routes telemetry data back to protected cloud storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-120">The principle of least privileged guides access to telemetry data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-120">The principle of least privileged guides access to telemetry data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-121">Only Microsoft personnel with a valid business need are permitted access to the telemetry data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-121">Only Microsoft personnel with a valid business need are permitted access to the telemetry data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-122">Microsoft does not share personal data of our customers with third parties, except at the customer’s discretion or for the limited purposes described in the [Azure Stack Privacy Statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/PrivacyStatement).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-122">Microsoft does not share personal data of our customers with third parties, except at the customer’s discretion or for the limited purposes described in the [Azure Stack Privacy Statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/PrivacyStatement).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-123">We do share business reports with OEMs and partners that include aggregated, anonymized telemetry information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-123">We do share business reports with OEMs and partners that include aggregated, anonymized telemetry information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-124">Data sharing decisions are made by an internal Microsoft team including privacy, legal, and data management stakeholders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-124">Data sharing decisions are made by an internal Microsoft team including privacy, legal, and data management stakeholders.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-125">Microsoft believes in and practices information minimization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-125">Microsoft believes in and practices information minimization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-126">We strive to gather only the information that we need, and we store it for only as long as it’s needed to provide a service or for analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-126">We strive to gather only the information that we need, and we store it for only as long as it’s needed to provide a service or for analysis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-127">Much of the information about how the Azure Stack system and Azure services are functioning is deleted within six months.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-127">Much of the information about how the Azure Stack system and Azure services are functioning is deleted within six months.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-128">Summarized or aggregated data are kept for a longer period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-128">Summarized or aggregated data are kept for a longer period.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-129">We understand that the privacy and security of our customers’ information is important.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-129">We understand that the privacy and security of our customers’ information is important.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-130">We have taken a thoughtful and comprehensive approach to customer privacy and the protection of customer data with Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-130">We have taken a thoughtful and comprehensive approach to customer privacy and the protection of customer data with Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-131">IT administrators have controls to customize features and privacy settings at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-131">IT administrators have controls to customize features and privacy settings at any time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-132">Our commitment to transparency and trust is clear:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-132">Our commitment to transparency and trust is clear:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-133">We are open with customers about the types of data we gather.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-133">We are open with customers about the types of data we gather.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-134">We put enterprise customers in control—they can customize their own privacy settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-134">We put enterprise customers in control—they can customize their own privacy settings.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-135">We put customer privacy and security first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-135">We put customer privacy and security first.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-136">We are transparent about how telemetry gets used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-136">We are transparent about how telemetry gets used.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-137">We use telemetry to improve customer experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-137">We use telemetry to improve customer experiences.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-138">Microsoft does not intend to gather sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, usernames and passwords, email addresses, or other similarly sensitive information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-138">Microsoft does not intend to gather sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, usernames and passwords, email addresses, or other similarly sensitive information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-139">If we determine that sensitive information has been inadvertently received, we delete it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-139">If we determine that sensitive information has been inadvertently received, we delete it.</span></span>

## <a name="examples-of-how-microsoft-uses-the-telemetry-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="085f5-140">Examples of how Microsoft uses the telemetry data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-140">Examples of how Microsoft uses the telemetry data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="085f5-141">Telemetry plays an important role in helping us quickly identify and fix critical reliability issues in our customers’ deployments and configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-141">Telemetry plays an important role in helping us quickly identify and fix critical reliability issues in our customers’ deployments and configurations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-142">Insights into the telemetry data that we gather help us quickly identify issues with services or hardware configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-142">Insights into the telemetry data that we gather help us quickly identify issues with services or hardware configurations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-143">Microsoft’s ability to get this data from customers and drive improvements into the ecosystem helps raise the bar for the quality of our integrated Azure Stack solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-143">Microsoft’s ability to get this data from customers and drive improvements into the ecosystem helps raise the bar for the quality of our integrated Azure Stack solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-144">Telemetry also helps Microsoft to better understand how customers deploy components, use features, and use services to achieve their business goals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-144">Telemetry also helps Microsoft to better understand how customers deploy components, use features, and use services to achieve their business goals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-145">Getting insights from that data helps prioritize engineering investments in areas that can directly impact our customers’ experiences and workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-145">Getting insights from that data helps prioritize engineering investments in areas that can directly impact our customers’ experiences and workloads.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-146">Some examples include customer usage of containers, storage, and networking configurations that are associated with Azure Stack roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-146">Some examples include customer usage of containers, storage, and networking configurations that are associated with Azure Stack roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-147">We also use the insights to drive improvements and intelligence into some of our management and monitoring solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-147">We also use the insights to drive improvements and intelligence into some of our management and monitoring solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-148">This helps customers to diagnose quality issues and save money by making fewer support calls to Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-148">This helps customers to diagnose quality issues and save money by making fewer support calls to Microsoft.</span></span>

## <a name="manage-telemetry-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="085f5-149">Manage telemetry collection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-149">Manage telemetry collection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="085f5-150">We do not recommend that you turn off telemetry in your organization as telemetry provides data that drives improved product functionality and stability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-150">We do not recommend that you turn off telemetry in your organization as telemetry provides data that drives improved product functionality and stability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-151">We do recognize however, that in some scenarios this may be necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-151">We do recognize however, that in some scenarios this may be necessary.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-152">In these instances, you can configure the telemetry level sent to Microsoft by using registry settings pre- deployment or using the Telemetry Endpoints post deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-152">In these instances, you can configure the telemetry level sent to Microsoft by using registry settings pre- deployment or using the Telemetry Endpoints post deployment.</span></span>

### <a name="set-telemetry-level-in-the-windows-registry"></a><span data-ttu-id="085f5-153">Set telemetry level in the Windows registry</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-153">Set telemetry level in the Windows registry</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="085f5-154">The Windows Registry Editor is used to manually set the telemetry level on the physical host computer prior to deploying Azure Stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-154">The Windows Registry Editor is used to manually set the telemetry level on the physical host computer prior to deploying Azure Stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-155">If a management policy already exists, such as Group Policy, it overrides this registry setting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-155">If a management policy already exists, such as Group Policy, it overrides this registry setting.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-156">Before deploying Azure Stack on the development kit host, boot into the CloudBuilder.vhdx and run the following script in an elevated PowerShell window:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-156">Before deploying Azure Stack on the development kit host, boot into the CloudBuilder.vhdx and run the following script in an elevated PowerShell window:</span></span>

```powershell
### Get current AllowTelmetry value on DVM Host
(Get-ItemProperty -Path "HKLM:\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies\DataCollection" `
-Name AllowTelemetry).AllowTelemetry
### Set & Get updated AllowTelemetry value for ASDK-Host
Set-ItemProperty -Path "HKLM:\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies\DataCollection" `
-Name "AllowTelemetry" -Value '0' # Set this value to 0,1,2,or3.  
(Get-ItemProperty -Path "HKLM:\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies\DataCollection" `
-Name AllowTelemetry).AllowTelemetry
```

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-157">The telemetry levels are cumulative and categorized into four levels (0-3):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-157">The telemetry levels are cumulative and categorized into four levels (0-3):</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-158">**0 (Security)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-158">**0 (Security)**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-159">Security data only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-159">Security data only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-160">Information that’s required to help keep the operating system secure, including data about the Connected User Experience and Telemetry component settings and Windows Defender.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-160">Information that’s required to help keep the operating system secure, including data about the Connected User Experience and Telemetry component settings and Windows Defender.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-161">No Azure Stack specific telemetry is emitted at this level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-161">No Azure Stack specific telemetry is emitted at this level.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-162">**1 (Basic)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-162">**1 (Basic)**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-163">Security data, and Basic Health and Quality data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-163">Security data, and Basic Health and Quality data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-164">Basic device information, including: quality-related data, app compatibility, app usage data, and data from the Security level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-164">Basic device information, including: quality-related data, app compatibility, app usage data, and data from the Security level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-165">Setting your telemetry level to Basic enables Azure Stack telemetry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-165">Setting your telemetry level to Basic enables Azure Stack telemetry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-166">The data gathered at this level includes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-166">The data gathered at this level includes:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-167">**Basic device information** that helps provide an understanding about the types and configurations of native and virtualized Windows Server 2016 instances in the ecosystem, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-167">**Basic device information** that helps provide an understanding about the types and configurations of native and virtualized Windows Server 2016 instances in the ecosystem, including:</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="085f5-168">Machine attributes, such as the OEM, model,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-168">Machine attributes, such as the OEM, model,</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="085f5-169">Networking attributes, such as the number and speed of network adapters,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-169">Networking attributes, such as the number and speed of network adapters,</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="085f5-170">Processor and memory attributes, such as the number of cores, memory size,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-170">Processor and memory attributes, such as the number of cores, memory size,</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="085f5-171">Storage attributes, such as the number of drives, type, and size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-171">Storage attributes, such as the number of drives, type, and size.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-172">**Telemetry Functionality**, including percent of uploaded events, dropped events, and the last upload time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-172">**Telemetry Functionality**, including percent of uploaded events, dropped events, and the last upload time.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-173">**Quality-related information** that helps Microsoft develop a basic understanding of how Azure Stack is performing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-173">**Quality-related information** that helps Microsoft develop a basic understanding of how Azure Stack is performing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-174">An example is the count of critical alerts on a particular hardware configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-174">An example is the count of critical alerts on a particular hardware configuration.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="085f5-175">\*\*Compatibility data, which helps provide an understanding about which Resource Providers are installed on a system and virtual machine and identifies potential compatibility problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-175">\*\*Compatibility data, which helps provide an understanding about which Resource Providers are installed on a system and virtual machine and identifies potential compatibility problems.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-176">**2 (Enhanced)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-176">**2 (Enhanced)**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-177">Additional insights, including: how the operating system, and other Azure Stack services are used, how they perform, advanced reliability data, and data from both the Basic and Security levels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-177">Additional insights, including: how the operating system, and other Azure Stack services are used, how they perform, advanced reliability data, and data from both the Basic and Security levels.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-178">**3 (Full)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-178">**3 (Full)**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-179">All data necessary to identify and help to fix problems, plus data from the **Security**, **Basic**, and **Enhanced** levels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-179">All data necessary to identify and help to fix problems, plus data from the **Security**, **Basic**, and **Enhanced** levels.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-180">The default telemetry level value is 2 (enhanced).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-180">The default telemetry level value is 2 (enhanced).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-181">Turning off Windows and Azure Stack telemetry disables SQL telemetry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-181">Turning off Windows and Azure Stack telemetry disables SQL telemetry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-182">For additional information about the implications of the Windows Server telemetry settings, reference the [Windows Telemetry Whitepaper](https://aka.ms/winservtelemetry).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-182">For additional information about the implications of the Windows Server telemetry settings, reference the [Windows Telemetry Whitepaper](https://aka.ms/winservtelemetry).</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-183">These telemetry levels only apply to Microsoft Azure Stack components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-183">These telemetry levels only apply to Microsoft Azure Stack components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-184">Non-Microsoft software components and services that are running in the Hardware Lifecycle Host from Azure Stack hardware partners may communicate with their cloud services outside of these telemetry levels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-184">Non-Microsoft software components and services that are running in the Hardware Lifecycle Host from Azure Stack hardware partners may communicate with their cloud services outside of these telemetry levels.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-185">You should work with your Azure Stack hardware solution provider to understand their telemetry policy, and how you can opt in or opt out.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-185">You should work with your Azure Stack hardware solution provider to understand their telemetry policy, and how you can opt in or opt out.</span></span>

### <a name="enable-or-disable-telemetry-after-deployment"></a><span data-ttu-id="085f5-186">Enable or disable telemetry after deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-186">Enable or disable telemetry after deployment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-187">To enable or disable telemetry after deployment, you need to have access to the Privileged End Point (PEP) which is exposed on the ERCS VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-187">To enable or disable telemetry after deployment, you need to have access to the Privileged End Point (PEP) which is exposed on the ERCS VMs.</span></span>
1.  <span data-ttu-id="085f5-188">To Enable: `Set-Telemetry -Enable`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-188">To Enable: `Set-Telemetry -Enable`</span></span>
2.  <span data-ttu-id="085f5-189">To Disable: `Set-Telemetry -Disable`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-189">To Disable: `Set-Telemetry -Disable`</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-190">PARAMETER Detail:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-190">PARAMETER Detail:</span></span>
> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-191">.PARAMETER Enable - Turn On telemetry data upload</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-191">.PARAMETER Enable - Turn On telemetry data upload</span></span>

> <span data-ttu-id="085f5-192">.PARAMETER Disable - Turn Off telemetry data upload</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-192">.PARAMETER Disable - Turn Off telemetry data upload</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-193">**Script to enable telemetry:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-193">**Script to enable telemetry:**</span></span>
```powershell
$ip = "<IP ADDRESS OF THE PEP VM>" # You can also use the machine name instead of IP here.
$pwd= ConvertTo-SecureString "<CLOUD ADMIN PASSWORD>" -AsPlainText -Force
$cred = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential ("<DOMAIN NAME>\CloudAdmin", $pwd)
$psSession = New-PSSession -ComputerName $ip -ConfigurationName PrivilegedEndpoint -Credential $cred
Invoke-Command -Session $psSession {Set-Telemetry -Enable}
if($psSession)
{
    Remove-PSSession $psSession
}
```

<span data-ttu-id="085f5-194">**Script to disable telemetry:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-194">**Script to disable telemetry:**</span></span>
```powershell
$ip = "<IP ADDRESS OF THE PEP VM>" # You can also use the machine name instead of IP here.
$pwd= ConvertTo-SecureString "<CLOUD ADMIN PASSWORD>" -AsPlainText -Force
$cred = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential ("<DOMAIN NAME>\CloudAdmin", $pwd)
$psSession = New-PSSession -ComputerName $ip -ConfigurationName PrivilegedEndpoint -Credential $cred
Invoke-Command -Session $psSession {Set-Telemetry -Disable}
if($psSession)
{
    Remove-PSSession $psSession
}
```

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="085f5-195">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-195">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="085f5-196">Add a marketplace item</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="085f5-196">Add a marketplace item</span></span>](asdk-marketplace-item.md)
