---
title: Project Answer Search use and display requirements - Microsoft Cognitive Services | Microsoft Docs
description: Use and display requirements for the Project Answer Search endpoint.
services: cognitive-services
author: mikedodaro
manager: rosh
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.technology: project-answer-search
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/13/2018
ms.author: rosh, v-gedod
ms.openlocfilehash: 6e8eaaaa2c83a1420f2de86b23e15f4f19f7a565
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44867084"
---
# <a name="project-answer-search-use-and-display-requirements"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce7c-103">Project Answer Search use and display requirements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-103">Project Answer Search use and display requirements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-104">Use and display requirements apply to any implementation of the content and associated information, for example, relationships, metadata and other signals, available through calls to the Bing Knowledge Search, Bing Custom Search, Entity Search, Image Search, News Search, Video Search, Visual Search, Web Search, Spell Check, and Autosuggest APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-104">Use and display requirements apply to any implementation of the content and associated information, for example, relationships, metadata and other signals, available through calls to the Bing Knowledge Search, Bing Custom Search, Entity Search, Image Search, News Search, Video Search, Visual Search, Web Search, Spell Check, and Autosuggest APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-105">Implementation details related to these requirements can be found in documentation for specific features and results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-105">Implementation details related to these requirements can be found in documentation for specific features and results.</span></span>

## <a name="1-bing-spell-check-and-bing-autosuggest-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce7c-106">1. Bing Spell Check and Bing Autosuggest API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-106">1. Bing Spell Check and Bing Autosuggest API.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-107">Do not:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-107">Do not:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-108">copy, store, or cache any data you receive from the Bing Spell Check, or Bing Autosuggest APIs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-108">copy, store, or cache any data you receive from the Bing Spell Check, or Bing Autosuggest APIs</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-109">use data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-109">use data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span></span>

## <a name="2-definitions"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce7c-110">2. Definitions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-110">2. Definitions</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-111">"answer" refers to a category of results returned in a response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-111">"answer" refers to a category of results returned in a response.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-112">For example, a response from the Bing Web Search API may include answers in the categories of webpage results, image, video, and news;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-112">For example, a response from the Bing Web Search API may include answers in the categories of webpage results, image, video, and news;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-113">"response" means any and all answers and associated data received in response to a single call to a Search API;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-113">"response" means any and all answers and associated data received in response to a single call to a Search API;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-114">"result" refers to an item of information in an answer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-114">"result" refers to an item of information in an answer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-115">For example, the set of data connected with a single news article is a result in a news answer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-115">For example, the set of data connected with a single news article is a result in a news answer.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-116">“Search APIs” means, collectively, the Bing Custom Search, Entity Search, Image Search, News Search, Video Search, Visual Search, and Web Search APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-116">“Search APIs” means, collectively, the Bing Custom Search, Entity Search, Image Search, News Search, Video Search, Visual Search, and Web Search APIs.</span></span> 


## <a name="3-search-apis"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce7c-117">3. Search APIs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-117">3. Search APIs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-118">The requirements in this Section 3 apply to the Search APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-118">The requirements in this Section 3 apply to the Search APIs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-119">**A. Internet search experience.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-119">**A. Internet search experience.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-120">All data returned in responses may only be used in internet search experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-120">All data returned in responses may only be used in internet search experiences.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-121">An internet search experience means the content displayed, as applicable:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-121">An internet search experience means the content displayed, as applicable:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-122">is relevant and responsive to the end user's direct query or other indication of the user's search interest and intent (for example, user-indicated search query);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-122">is relevant and responsive to the end user's direct query or other indication of the user's search interest and intent (for example, user-indicated search query);</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-123">helps users find and navigate to the sources of data (for example, the provided URLs are implemented as hyperlinks so the content or attribution is a clickable link conspicuously displayed with the data); or, if of Bing Entity Search API, visibly link to the bing.com URL provided in the response that enables the user to navigate to the search results for the relevant query on bing.com;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-123">helps users find and navigate to the sources of data (for example, the provided URLs are implemented as hyperlinks so the content or attribution is a clickable link conspicuously displayed with the data); or, if of Bing Entity Search API, visibly link to the bing.com URL provided in the response that enables the user to navigate to the search results for the relevant query on bing.com;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-124">includes multiple results for the end user to select from (for example, several results from the news answer are displayed, or all results if fewer than several are returned);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-124">includes multiple results for the end user to select from (for example, several results from the news answer are displayed, or all results if fewer than several are returned);</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-125">is limited to an amount appropriate to serve the search purpose (for example, image thumbnails are thumbnail-sized in proportion to the user's display);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-125">is limited to an amount appropriate to serve the search purpose (for example, image thumbnails are thumbnail-sized in proportion to the user's display);</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-126">includes visible indication to the end user that the content is Internet search results (for example, a statement that the content is "From the web"); and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-126">includes visible indication to the end user that the content is Internet search results (for example, a statement that the content is "From the web"); and</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-127">includes any other combination of measures appropriate to ensure your use of data received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third-party rights (for example, if relying on a Creative Commons license, complying with the applicable license terms).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-127">includes any other combination of measures appropriate to ensure your use of data received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third-party rights (for example, if relying on a Creative Commons license, complying with the applicable license terms).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-128">Consult your legal advisors to determine what measures may be appropriate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-128">Consult your legal advisors to determine what measures may be appropriate.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-129">The only exception to the internet search experience requirement is for URL discovery as described in Section 3E (Non-display URL discovery) following.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-129">The only exception to the internet search experience requirement is for URL discovery as described in Section 3E (Non-display URL discovery) following.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-130">**B. Restrictions.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-130">**B. Restrictions.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-131">Do not:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-131">Do not:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-132">copy, store, or cache any data from responses (except retention to the extent permitted by the "Continuity of Service" section following);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-132">copy, store, or cache any data from responses (except retention to the extent permitted by the "Continuity of Service" section following);</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-133">use data received from the Search APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services that you or third parties may offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-133">use data received from the Search APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services that you or third parties may offer.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-134">modify content of results (other than to reformat them in a way that does not violate any other requirement), unless required by law or agreed by Microsoft;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-134">modify content of results (other than to reformat them in a way that does not violate any other requirement), unless required by law or agreed by Microsoft;</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-135">omit attribution and URLs associated with result content;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-135">omit attribution and URLs associated with result content;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-136">reorder, including by omission, results displayed in an answer when an order or ranking is provided (for the Bing Custom Search API, this rule does not apply to reordering implemented through the customsearch.ai portal), unless required by law or agreed by Microsoft;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-136">reorder, including by omission, results displayed in an answer when an order or ranking is provided (for the Bing Custom Search API, this rule does not apply to reordering implemented through the customsearch.ai portal), unless required by law or agreed by Microsoft;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-137">display other content within any part of a response in a way that would lead an end user to believe that the other content is part of the response;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-137">display other content within any part of a response in a way that would lead an end user to believe that the other content is part of the response;</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-138">display advertising that is not provided by Microsoft on any page that displays any part of a response; -display any advertising with responses (i) from the Bing Image, News or Video Search APIs; or (ii) that are filtered or limited primarily (or solely) to image, news and/or video results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-138">display advertising that is not provided by Microsoft on any page that displays any part of a response; -display any advertising with responses (i) from the Bing Image, News or Video Search APIs; or (ii) that are filtered or limited primarily (or solely) to image, news and/or video results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-139">**C. Notices and Branding.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-139">**C. Notices and Branding.**</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-140">Prominently include a functional hyperlink to the Microsoft Privacy Statement, available at  https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839, near each point in the user experience (UX) that offers a user the ability to input a search query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-140">Prominently include a functional hyperlink to the Microsoft Privacy Statement, available at  https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839, near each point in the user experience (UX) that offers a user the ability to input a search query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-141">Label the hyperlink “Microsoft Privacy Statement”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-141">Label the hyperlink “Microsoft Privacy Statement”.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-142">Prominently display Bing branding, consistent with the guidelines available at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=833278, near each point in the UX that offers a user the ability to input a search query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-142">Prominently display Bing branding, consistent with the guidelines available at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=833278, near each point in the UX that offers a user the ability to input a search query.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-143">Such branding must clearly denote to the user that Microsoft is powering the internet search experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-143">Such branding must clearly denote to the user that Microsoft is powering the internet search experience.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-144">You may attribute each response (or portion of a response) displayed from the Bing Web, Image, News, and Video APIs to Microsoft as described in https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=833278, unless Microsoft specifies otherwise in writing for your use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-144">You may attribute each response (or portion of a response) displayed from the Bing Web, Image, News, and Video APIs to Microsoft as described in https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=833278, unless Microsoft specifies otherwise in writing for your use.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-145">Do not attribute responses (or portions of responses) displayed from the Bing Custom Search API to Microsoft, unless Microsoft specifies otherwise in writing for your particular use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-145">Do not attribute responses (or portions of responses) displayed from the Bing Custom Search API to Microsoft, unless Microsoft specifies otherwise in writing for your particular use.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-146">**D. Transferring responses.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-146">**D. Transferring responses.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-147">If you enable a user to transfer a response from a Search API to another user, such as through a messaging app or social media posting, the following apply:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-147">If you enable a user to transfer a response from a Search API to another user, such as through a messaging app or social media posting, the following apply:</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-148">Transferred responses must:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-148">Transferred responses must:</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-149">Consist of content that is unmodified from the content of the responses displayed to the transferring user (formatting changes are permissible);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-149">Consist of content that is unmodified from the content of the responses displayed to the transferring user (formatting changes are permissible);</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-150">Not include any data in metadata form;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-150">Not include any data in metadata form;</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-151">For responses from the Bing Web, Image, News, and Video APIs, display language indicating the response was obtained through an internet search experience powered by Bing (for example, "Powered by Bing," "Learn more about this image on Bing," or using the Bing logo);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-151">For responses from the Bing Web, Image, News, and Video APIs, display language indicating the response was obtained through an internet search experience powered by Bing (for example, "Powered by Bing," "Learn more about this image on Bing," or using the Bing logo);</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-152">For responses from the Bing Custom Search API, display language indicating the response was obtained through an internet search experience (for example, "Learn more about this search result”);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-152">For responses from the Bing Custom Search API, display language indicating the response was obtained through an internet search experience (for example, "Learn more about this search result”);</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-153">Prominently display the full query used to generate the response; and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-153">Prominently display the full query used to generate the response; and</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-154">Include a prominent link or similar attribution to the underlying source of the response, either directly or through the search engine (bing.com, m.bing.com, or your custom search service, as applicable).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-154">Include a prominent link or similar attribution to the underlying source of the response, either directly or through the search engine (bing.com, m.bing.com, or your custom search service, as applicable).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-155">You may not automate the transfer of responses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-155">You may not automate the transfer of responses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-156">A transfer must be initiated by a user action clearly evidencing an intent to transfer a response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-156">A transfer must be initiated by a user action clearly evidencing an intent to transfer a response.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-157">You may only enable a user to transfer responses that were displayed in response to the transferring user's query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-157">You may only enable a user to transfer responses that were displayed in response to the transferring user's query.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-158">**E. Continuity of service.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-158">**E. Continuity of service.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-159">Do not copy, store, or cache any data from Search API responses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-159">Do not copy, store, or cache any data from Search API responses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-160">However, to enable continuity of service access and data rendering, you may retain results solely under the following conditions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-160">However, to enable continuity of service access and data rendering, you may retain results solely under the following conditions:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-161">**Device.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-161">**Device.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-162">You may enable an end user to retain results on a device for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results, provided that retained results may be used only:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-162">You may enable an end user to retain results on a device for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results, provided that retained results may be used only:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-163">to enable the end user to access results previously returned to that end user on that device (for example, in case of service interruption); or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-163">to enable the end user to access results previously returned to that end user on that device (for example, in case of service interruption); or</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-164">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of the end user's needs based on that end user's signals (for example, in case of anticipated service interruption).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-164">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of the end user's needs based on that end user's signals (for example, in case of anticipated service interruption).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-165">**Server.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-165">**Server.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-166">You may retain results specific to a single end user securely on a server you control and display the retained results only:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-166">You may retain results specific to a single end user securely on a server you control and display the retained results only:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-167">to enable the end user to access a historical report of results previously returned to that user in your solution, provided that the results may not be (i) retained for more than 21 days from the time of the end user's initial query and (ii) displayed in response to an end user's new or repeated query; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-167">to enable the end user to access a historical report of results previously returned to that user in your solution, provided that the results may not be (i) retained for more than 21 days from the time of the end user's initial query and (ii) displayed in response to an end user's new or repeated query; or</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-168">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of an end user's needs based on that end user's signals for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-168">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of an end user's needs based on that end user's signals for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-169">Whenever retained, results for a specific user cannot be commingled with results for another user, i.e., the results of each user must be retained and delivered separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-169">Whenever retained, results for a specific user cannot be commingled with results for another user, i.e., the results of each user must be retained and delivered separately.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-170">**General.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-170">**General.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-171">For all presentation of retained results:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-171">For all presentation of retained results:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-172">include a clear, visible notice of the time the query was sent,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-172">include a clear, visible notice of the time the query was sent,</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-173">present the user a button or similar means to re-query and obtain updated results,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-173">present the user a button or similar means to re-query and obtain updated results,</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-174">retain the Bing branding in the presentation of the results, and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-174">retain the Bing branding in the presentation of the results, and</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-175">delete (and refresh with a new query if needed) the stored results within the timeframes specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-175">delete (and refresh with a new query if needed) the stored results within the timeframes specified.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-176">**F. Non-display URL discovery.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-176">**F. Non-display URL discovery.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-177">You may only use search responses in a non-internet search experience for the sole purpose of discovering URLs of sources of information responsive to a query from your user or customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-177">You may only use search responses in a non-internet search experience for the sole purpose of discovering URLs of sources of information responsive to a query from your user or customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-178">You may copy such URLs in a report or similar response you provide (i) only to that user or customer, in response to that query and (ii) that includes significant additional valuable content relevant to the query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-178">You may copy such URLs in a report or similar response you provide (i) only to that user or customer, in response to that query and (ii) that includes significant additional valuable content relevant to the query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-179">The requirements in sections 3A through 3E of these use and display requirements do not apply to this non-display use, except:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-179">The requirements in sections 3A through 3E of these use and display requirements do not apply to this non-display use, except:</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-180">You shall not cache, copy, or store any data or content from, or derived from, the search response, other than the limited URL copying described previously;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-180">You shall not cache, copy, or store any data or content from, or derived from, the search response, other than the limited URL copying described previously;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-181">Ensure your use of data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third-party rights; and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-181">Ensure your use of data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third-party rights; and</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="cce7c-182">You shall not use the data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs as part of any search index or machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to create train, evaluate, or improve services that you or third parties may offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-182">You shall not use the data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs as part of any search index or machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to create train, evaluate, or improve services that you or third parties may offer.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="cce7c-183">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-183">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="cce7c-184">Answer Search overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cce7c-184">Answer Search overview</span></span>](overview.md)
