---
title: Overview of LUIS machine learning | Microsoft Docs
description: Use Language Understanding Intelligent Services (LUIS) to bring the power of machine learning to your applications.
services: cognitive-services
author: cahann
manager: hsalama
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.technology: luis
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/01/2017
ms.author: cahann
ms.openlocfilehash: d7b11a097084a192b5826283aa8de67cb7a3d9bd
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552486"
---
# <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-103">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-103">Overview</span></span>
## <a name="language-understanding-intelligent-services-luis-brings-the-power-of-machine-learning-to-your-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-104">Language Understanding Intelligent Services (LUIS) brings the power of machine learning to your apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-104">Language Understanding Intelligent Services (LUIS) brings the power of machine learning to your apps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="85390-105">One of the key problems in human-computer interactions is the ability of the computer to understand what a person wants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-105">One of the key problems in human-computer interactions is the ability of the computer to understand what a person wants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-106">LUIS is designed to enable developers to build smart applications that can understand human language and accordingly react to user requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-106">LUIS is designed to enable developers to build smart applications that can understand human language and accordingly react to user requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-107">With LUIS, a developer can quickly deploy an HTTP endpoint that will take the sentences sent to it and interpret them in terms of their intents (the intentions they convey) and entities (key information relevant to the intent).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-107">With LUIS, a developer can quickly deploy an HTTP endpoint that will take the sentences sent to it and interpret them in terms of their intents (the intentions they convey) and entities (key information relevant to the intent).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="85390-108">By using LUIS web interface, you can create an application, with a set of intents and entities that are relevant to your application’s domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-108">By using LUIS web interface, you can create an application, with a set of intents and entities that are relevant to your application’s domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-109">For example, in a travel agent app, a user might say an utterance like "Book me a ticket to Paris".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-109">For example, in a travel agent app, a user might say an utterance like "Book me a ticket to Paris".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-110">In this utterance, there is the intention to "BookFlight" and "Paris" is the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-110">In this utterance, there is the intention to "BookFlight" and "Paris" is the entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-111">Intention or the intent can be defined as the desired action and usually contains a verb, in this case "book".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-111">Intention or the intent can be defined as the desired action and usually contains a verb, in this case "book".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-112">The entity is a relevant information of a specific data type, in this case "Paris" is the location entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-112">The entity is a relevant information of a specific data type, in this case "Paris" is the location entity.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="85390-113">Once your application is deployed and traffic starts to flow into the system, LUIS uses active learning to improve itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-113">Once your application is deployed and traffic starts to flow into the system, LUIS uses active learning to improve itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-114">In the active learning process, LUIS identifies the utterances that it is relatively unsure of, and asks you to label them according to intent and entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-114">In the active learning process, LUIS identifies the utterances that it is relatively unsure of, and asks you to label them according to intent and entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-115">This has tremendous advantages; LUIS knows what it is unsure of, and asks for your help in the cases which will lead to the maximum improvement in system performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-115">This has tremendous advantages; LUIS knows what it is unsure of, and asks for your help in the cases which will lead to the maximum improvement in system performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-116">LUIS learns quicker, and takes the minimum amount of your time and effort.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-116">LUIS learns quicker, and takes the minimum amount of your time and effort.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-117">This is active machine learning at its best.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-117">This is active machine learning at its best.</span></span>

## <a name="supported-languages"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-118">Supported Languages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-118">Supported Languages</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="85390-119">LUIS suppors several languages as English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Korean and Chinese are supported when it comes to understanding utterances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-119">LUIS suppors several languages as English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Korean and Chinese are supported when it comes to understanding utterances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-120">You choose the culture when you start creating your application, and it cannot be modified once the application is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-120">You choose the culture when you start creating your application, and it cannot be modified once the application is created.</span></span>
### <a name="chinese-support-notes"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-121">Chinese support notes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-121">Chinese support notes</span></span>

 - <span data-ttu-id="85390-122">In the zh-cn culture, LUIS expects the simplified Chinese character set (not the traditional character set).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-122">In the zh-cn culture, LUIS expects the simplified Chinese character set (not the traditional character set).</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="85390-123">The names of intents, entities, features, and regular expressions may be in Chinese or Roman characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-123">The names of intents, entities, features, and regular expressions may be in Chinese or Roman characters.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="85390-124">When writing regular expressions in Chinese, do not insert whitespace between Chinese characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-124">When writing regular expressions in Chinese, do not insert whitespace between Chinese characters.</span></span>

### <a name="rare-or-foreign-words-in-an-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-125">Rare or foreign words in an application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-125">Rare or foreign words in an application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="85390-126">In the en-us culture, LUIS can learn to distinguish most English words, including slang.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-126">In the en-us culture, LUIS can learn to distinguish most English words, including slang.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-127">In the zh-cn culture, LUIS can learn to distinguish most Chinese characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-127">In the zh-cn culture, LUIS can learn to distinguish most Chinese characters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-128">If you use a rare word (en-us) or character (zh-cn), and you see that LUIS seems unable to distinguish that word or character, you can add that word or character to a phrase-list feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-128">If you use a rare word (en-us) or character (zh-cn), and you see that LUIS seems unable to distinguish that word or character, you can add that word or character to a phrase-list feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-129">For example, Words outside of the culture of the application -- i.e., foreign words -- should be added to a phrase-list feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-129">For example, Words outside of the culture of the application -- i.e., foreign words -- should be added to a phrase-list feature.</span></span>

### <a name="tokenization"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-130">Tokenization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-130">Tokenization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="85390-131">In normal LUIS use, you won't need to worry about tokenization, but one place where tokenization is important is when manually adding labels to an exported application's JSON file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-131">In normal LUIS use, you won't need to worry about tokenization, but one place where tokenization is important is when manually adding labels to an exported application's JSON file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-132">See the section on importing and exporting an application for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-132">See the section on importing and exporting an application for details.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="85390-133">To perform machine learning, LUIS breaks an utterance into "tokens".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-133">To perform machine learning, LUIS breaks an utterance into "tokens".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-134">A "token" is the smallest unit that can be labeled in an entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-134">A "token" is the smallest unit that can be labeled in an entity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="85390-135">How tokenization is done depends on the application's culture:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-135">How tokenization is done depends on the application's culture:</span></span>

 * <span data-ttu-id="85390-136">**English, French, Italian, Brazilian Portuguese and Spanish:** token breaks are inserted at any whitespace, and around any punctuation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-136">**English, French, Italian, Brazilian Portuguese and Spanish:** token breaks are inserted at any whitespace, and around any punctuation.</span></span>
 * <span data-ttu-id="85390-137">**Korean & Chinese:** token breaks are inserted before and after any character, and at any whitespace, and around any punctuation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-137">**Korean & Chinese:** token breaks are inserted before and after any character, and at any whitespace, and around any punctuation.</span></span>

## <a name="accessing-luis-programmatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-138">Accessing LUIS programmatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-138">Accessing LUIS programmatically</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="85390-139">LUIS offers a set of programmatic REST APIs that can be used by developers to automate the application creation process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-139">LUIS offers a set of programmatic REST APIs that can be used by developers to automate the application creation process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-140">These APIs allow you to author and publish your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-140">These APIs allow you to author and publish your application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="85390-141">[Click here for a complete API reference](https://dev.projectoxford.ai/docs/services/56d95961e597ed0f04b76e58/operations/5739a8c71984550500affdfa).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-141">[Click here for a complete API reference](https://dev.projectoxford.ai/docs/services/56d95961e597ed0f04b76e58/operations/5739a8c71984550500affdfa).</span></span>

## <a name="speech-integration"></a><span data-ttu-id="85390-142">Speech Integration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-142">Speech Integration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="85390-143">Your LUIS endpoints work seamlessly with [Microsoft Cognitive Service's speech recognition service](https://www.microsoft.com/cognitive-services/en-us/speech-api).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-143">Your LUIS endpoints work seamlessly with [Microsoft Cognitive Service's speech recognition service](https://www.microsoft.com/cognitive-services/en-us/speech-api).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="85390-144">In the C# SDK for Microsoft Cognitive Services Speech API, you can simply add the LUIS application ID and LUIS subscription key, and the speech recognition result will be sent for interpretation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-144">In the C# SDK for Microsoft Cognitive Services Speech API, you can simply add the LUIS application ID and LUIS subscription key, and the speech recognition result will be sent for interpretation.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="85390-145">See [Microsoft Cognitive Services Speech API Overview](../Speech/Home.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="85390-145">See [Microsoft Cognitive Services Speech API Overview](../Speech/Home.md).</span></span>
