---
title: Understand features in LUIS apps in Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about features, which help improve a LUIS app's performance. Features include phrase lists and patterns for recognizing regular expressions.
services: cognitive-services
author: diberry
manager: cjgronlund
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.component: language-understanding
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/18/2018
ms.author: diberry
ms.openlocfilehash: 8d3f006f27d1d728f89458deba27e1c1a63b6de5
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869456"
---
# <a name="phrase-list-features-in-luis"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-104">Phrase list features in LUIS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-104">Phrase list features in LUIS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-105">In machine learning, a *feature* is a distinguishing trait or attribute of data that your system observes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-105">In machine learning, a *feature* is a distinguishing trait or attribute of data that your system observes.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-106">Add features to a language model to provide hints about how to recognize input that you want to label or classify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-106">Add features to a language model to provide hints about how to recognize input that you want to label or classify.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-107">Features help LUIS recognize both intents and entities, but features are not intents or entities themselves.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-107">Features help LUIS recognize both intents and entities, but features are not intents or entities themselves.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-108">Instead, features might provide examples of related terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-108">Instead, features might provide examples of related terms.</span></span>  

## <a name="what-is-a-phrase-list-feature"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-109">What is a phrase list feature?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-109">What is a phrase list feature?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-110">A phrase list includes a group of values (words or phrases) that belong to the same class and must be treated similarly (for example, names of cities or products).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-110">A phrase list includes a group of values (words or phrases) that belong to the same class and must be treated similarly (for example, names of cities or products).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-111">What LUIS learns about one of them is automatically applied to the others as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-111">What LUIS learns about one of them is automatically applied to the others as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-112">This list is not a closed [list entity](luis-concept-entity-types.md#types-of-entities) (exact text matches) of matched words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-112">This list is not a closed [list entity](luis-concept-entity-types.md#types-of-entities) (exact text matches) of matched words.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-113">A phrase list adds to the vocabulary of the app domain as a second signal to LUIS about those words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-113">A phrase list adds to the vocabulary of the app domain as a second signal to LUIS about those words.</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-use-phrase-lists"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-114">How to use phrase lists</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-114">How to use phrase lists</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-115">In the Human Resource app's [simple entity tutorial](luis-quickstart-primary-and-secondary-data.md), the app uses a **Job** phrase list of job types such as programmer, roofer, and secretary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-115">In the Human Resource app's [simple entity tutorial](luis-quickstart-primary-and-secondary-data.md), the app uses a **Job** phrase list of job types such as programmer, roofer, and secretary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-116">If you label one of these values as a machine-learned entity, LUIS learns to recognize the others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-116">If you label one of these values as a machine-learned entity, LUIS learns to recognize the others.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-117">A phrase list may be interchangeable or non-interchangeable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-117">A phrase list may be interchangeable or non-interchangeable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-118">An *interchangeable* phrase list is for values that are synonyms, and a *non-interchangeable* phrase list is intended for values that aren't synonyms but still need an additional signal in the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-118">An *interchangeable* phrase list is for values that are synonyms, and a *non-interchangeable* phrase list is intended for values that aren't synonyms but still need an additional signal in the app.</span></span> 

<a name="phrase-lists-help-identify-simple-exchangeable-entities"></a>
## <a name="phrase-lists-help-identify-simple-interchangeable-entities"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-119">Phrase lists help identify simple Interchangeable entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-119">Phrase lists help identify simple Interchangeable entities</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-120">Interchangeable phrase lists are a good way to tune the performance of your LUIS app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-120">Interchangeable phrase lists are a good way to tune the performance of your LUIS app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-121">If your app has trouble predicting utterances to the correct intent, or recognizing entities, think about whether the utterances contain unusual words, or words that might be ambiguous in meaning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-121">If your app has trouble predicting utterances to the correct intent, or recognizing entities, think about whether the utterances contain unusual words, or words that might be ambiguous in meaning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-122">These words are good candidates to include in a phrase list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-122">These words are good candidates to include in a phrase list.</span></span>

## <a name="phrase-lists-help-identify-intents-by-better-understanding-context"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-123">Phrase lists help identify intents by better understanding context</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-123">Phrase lists help identify intents by better understanding context</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-124">A phrase list is not an instruction to LUIS to perform strict matching or always label all terms in the phrase list exactly the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-124">A phrase list is not an instruction to LUIS to perform strict matching or always label all terms in the phrase list exactly the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-125">It is simply a hint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-125">It is simply a hint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-126">For example, you could have a phrase list that indicates that "Patti" and "Selma" are names, but LUIS can still use contextual information to recognize that they mean something different in "Make a reservation for 2 at Patti's Diner for dinner" and "Find me driving directions to Selma, Georgia".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-126">For example, you could have a phrase list that indicates that "Patti" and "Selma" are names, but LUIS can still use contextual information to recognize that they mean something different in "Make a reservation for 2 at Patti's Diner for dinner" and "Find me driving directions to Selma, Georgia".</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-127">Adding a phrase list is an alternative to adding more example utterances to an intent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-127">Adding a phrase list is an alternative to adding more example utterances to an intent.</span></span> 

## <a name="an-interchangeable-phrase-list"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-128">An interchangeable phrase list</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-128">An interchangeable phrase list</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-129">Use an interchangeable phrase list when the list of words or phases create a class or group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-129">Use an interchangeable phrase list when the list of words or phases create a class or group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-130">An example is a list of months like "January", "February", "March"; or names like "John", "Mary", "Frank".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-130">An example is a list of months like "January", "February", "March"; or names like "John", "Mary", "Frank".</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="fd569-131">These lists are interchangeable in that the utterance would be labeled with the same intent or entity if a different word in the phrase list were used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-131">These lists are interchangeable in that the utterance would be labeled with the same intent or entity if a different word in the phrase list were used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-132">For example, if "show the calendar for January" has the same intent as "show the calendar for February", then the words should be on an interchangeable list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-132">For example, if "show the calendar for January" has the same intent as "show the calendar for February", then the words should be on an interchangeable list.</span></span> 

## <a name="a-non-interchangeable-phrase-list"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-133">A non-interchangeable phrase list</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-133">A non-interchangeable phrase list</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-134">Use a non-interchangeable phrase list for non-synonymous words or phrases that can be grouped in your domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-134">Use a non-interchangeable phrase list for non-synonymous words or phrases that can be grouped in your domain.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-135">As one example, use a non-interchangeable phrase list for rare, proprietary, and foreign words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-135">As one example, use a non-interchangeable phrase list for rare, proprietary, and foreign words.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-136">LUIS may be unable to recognize rare and proprietary words, as well as foreign words (outside of the culture of the app).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-136">LUIS may be unable to recognize rare and proprietary words, as well as foreign words (outside of the culture of the app).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-137">The non-interchangeable setting indicates that the set of rare words forms a class that LUIS should learn to recognize, but they are not synonyms or interchangeable with each other.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-137">The non-interchangeable setting indicates that the set of rare words forms a class that LUIS should learn to recognize, but they are not synonyms or interchangeable with each other.</span></span>

## <a name="when-to-use-phrase-lists-versus-list-entities"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-138">When to use phrase lists versus list entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-138">When to use phrase lists versus list entities</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-139">While both a phrase list and list entities can impact utterances across all intents, each does this in a different way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-139">While both a phrase list and list entities can impact utterances across all intents, each does this in a different way.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-140">Use a phrase list to affect intent prediction score.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-140">Use a phrase list to affect intent prediction score.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-141">Use a list entity to affect entity extraction for an exact text match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-141">Use a list entity to affect entity extraction for an exact text match.</span></span> 

### <a name="use-a-phrase-list"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-142">Use a phrase list</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-142">Use a phrase list</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-143">With a phrase list, LUIS can still take context into account and generalize to identify items that are similar to, but not an exact match, as items in a list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-143">With a phrase list, LUIS can still take context into account and generalize to identify items that are similar to, but not an exact match, as items in a list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-144">If you need your LUIS app to be able to generalize and identify new items in a category, use a phrase list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-144">If you need your LUIS app to be able to generalize and identify new items in a category, use a phrase list.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-145">When you want to be able to recognize new instances of an entity, like a meeting scheduler that should recognize the names of new contacts, or an inventory app that should recognize new products, use another type of machine-learned entity such as a simple or hierarchical entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-145">When you want to be able to recognize new instances of an entity, like a meeting scheduler that should recognize the names of new contacts, or an inventory app that should recognize new products, use another type of machine-learned entity such as a simple or hierarchical entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-146">Then create a phrase list of words and phrases that helps LUIS find other words similar to the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-146">Then create a phrase list of words and phrases that helps LUIS find other words similar to the entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-147">This list guides LUIS to recognize examples of the entity by adding additional significance to the value of those words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-147">This list guides LUIS to recognize examples of the entity by adding additional significance to the value of those words.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-148">Phrase lists are like domain-specific vocabulary that help with enhancing the quality of understanding of both intents and entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-148">Phrase lists are like domain-specific vocabulary that help with enhancing the quality of understanding of both intents and entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-149">A common usage of a phrase list is proper nouns such as city names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-149">A common usage of a phrase list is proper nouns such as city names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-150">A city name can be several words including hyphens, or apostrophes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-150">A city name can be several words including hyphens, or apostrophes.</span></span>
 
### <a name="dont-use-a-phrase-list"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-151">Don't use a phrase list</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-151">Don't use a phrase list</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-152">A list entity explicitly defines every value an entity can take, and only identifies values that match exactly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-152">A list entity explicitly defines every value an entity can take, and only identifies values that match exactly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-153">A list entity may be appropriate for an app in which all instances of an entity are known and don't change often.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-153">A list entity may be appropriate for an app in which all instances of an entity are known and don't change often.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-154">Examples are food items on a restaurant menu that changes infrequently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-154">Examples are food items on a restaurant menu that changes infrequently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd569-155">If you need an exact text match of an entity, do not use a phrase list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-155">If you need an exact text match of an entity, do not use a phrase list.</span></span> 

## <a name="best-practices"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-156">Best practices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-156">Best practices</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd569-157">Learn [best practices](luis-concept-best-practices.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-157">Learn [best practices](luis-concept-best-practices.md).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd569-158">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-158">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fd569-159">See [Add Features](luis-how-to-add-features.md) to learn more about how to add features to your LUIS app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd569-159">See [Add Features](luis-how-to-add-features.md) to learn more about how to add features to your LUIS app.</span></span>
