---
title: Azure Security Center Data Security | Microsoft Docs
description: This document explains how data is managed and safeguarded in Azure Security Center.
services: security-center
documentationcenter: na
author: terrylan
manager: mbaldwin
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 33f2c9f4-21aa-4f0c-9e5e-4cd1223e39d7
ms.service: security-center
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 12/06/2017
ms.author: yurid
ms.openlocfilehash: 13f82cdd3a9c04e1dd646986ddf50837b28883c4
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44828919"
---
# <a name="azure-security-center-data-security"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc07c-103">Azure Security Center Data Security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-103">Azure Security Center Data Security</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-104">To help customers prevent, detect, and respond to threats, Azure Security Center collects and processes security-related data, including configuration information, metadata, event logs, crash dump files, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-104">To help customers prevent, detect, and respond to threats, Azure Security Center collects and processes security-related data, including configuration information, metadata, event logs, crash dump files, and more.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-105">Microsoft adheres to strict compliance and security guidelines—from coding to operating a service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-105">Microsoft adheres to strict compliance and security guidelines—from coding to operating a service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-106">This article explains how data is managed and safeguarded in Azure Security Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-106">This article explains how data is managed and safeguarded in Azure Security Center.</span></span>

## <a name="data-sources"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc07c-107">Data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-107">Data sources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-108">Azure Security Center analyzes data from the following sources to provide visibility into your security state, identify vulnerabilities and recommend mitigations, and detect active threats:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-108">Azure Security Center analyzes data from the following sources to provide visibility into your security state, identify vulnerabilities and recommend mitigations, and detect active threats:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-109">Azure Services: Uses information about the configuration of Azure services you have deployed by communicating with that service’s resource provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-109">Azure Services: Uses information about the configuration of Azure services you have deployed by communicating with that service’s resource provider.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-110">Network Traffic: Uses sampled network traffic metadata from Microsoft’s infrastructure, such as source/destination IP/port, packet size, and network protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-110">Network Traffic: Uses sampled network traffic metadata from Microsoft’s infrastructure, such as source/destination IP/port, packet size, and network protocol.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-111">Partner Solutions: Uses security alerts from integrated partner solutions, such as firewalls and antimalware solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-111">Partner Solutions: Uses security alerts from integrated partner solutions, such as firewalls and antimalware solutions.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-112">Your Virtual Machines and Servers: Uses configuration information and information about security events, such as Windows event and audit logs, IIS logs, syslog messages, and crash dump files from your virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-112">Your Virtual Machines and Servers: Uses configuration information and information about security events, such as Windows event and audit logs, IIS logs, syslog messages, and crash dump files from your virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-113">In addition, when an alert is created, Azure Security Center may generate a snapshot of the VM disk affected and extract machine artifacts related to the alert from the VM disk, such as a registry file, for forensics purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-113">In addition, when an alert is created, Azure Security Center may generate a snapshot of the VM disk affected and extract machine artifacts related to the alert from the VM disk, such as a registry file, for forensics purposes.</span></span>


## <a name="data-protection"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc07c-114">Data protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-114">Data protection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-115">**Data segregation**: Data is kept logically separate on each component throughout the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-115">**Data segregation**: Data is kept logically separate on each component throughout the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-116">All data is tagged per organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-116">All data is tagged per organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-117">This tagging persists throughout the data lifecycle, and it is enforced at each layer of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-117">This tagging persists throughout the data lifecycle, and it is enforced at each layer of the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-118">**Data access**: In order to provide security recommendations and investigate potential security threats, Microsoft personnel may access information collected or analyzed by Azure services, including crash dump files, process creation events, VM disk snapshots and artifacts, which may unintentionally include Customer Data or personal data from your virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-118">**Data access**: In order to provide security recommendations and investigate potential security threats, Microsoft personnel may access information collected or analyzed by Azure services, including crash dump files, process creation events, VM disk snapshots and artifacts, which may unintentionally include Customer Data or personal data from your virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-119">We adhere to the [Microsoft Online Services Terms and Privacy Statement](http://www.microsoftvolumelicensing.com/DocumentSearch.aspx?Mode=3&DocumentTypeId=31), which state that Microsoft will not use Customer Data or derive information from it for any advertising or similar commercial purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-119">We adhere to the [Microsoft Online Services Terms and Privacy Statement](http://www.microsoftvolumelicensing.com/DocumentSearch.aspx?Mode=3&DocumentTypeId=31), which state that Microsoft will not use Customer Data or derive information from it for any advertising or similar commercial purposes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-120">We only use Customer Data as needed to provide you with Azure services, including purposes compatible with providing those services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-120">We only use Customer Data as needed to provide you with Azure services, including purposes compatible with providing those services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-121">You retain all rights to Customer Data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-121">You retain all rights to Customer Data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-122">**Data use**: Microsoft uses patterns and threat intelligence seen across multiple tenants to enhance our prevention and detection capabilities; we do so in accordance with the privacy commitments described in our [Privacy Statement](https://www.microsoft.com/privacystatement/en-us/OnlineServices/Default.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-122">**Data use**: Microsoft uses patterns and threat intelligence seen across multiple tenants to enhance our prevention and detection capabilities; we do so in accordance with the privacy commitments described in our [Privacy Statement](https://www.microsoft.com/privacystatement/en-us/OnlineServices/Default.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="data-location"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc07c-123">Data location</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-123">Data location</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-124">**Your Workspace(s)**: A workspace is specified for the following Geos, and data collected from your Azure virtual machines, including crash dumps, and some types of alert data, are stored in the nearest workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-124">**Your Workspace(s)**: A workspace is specified for the following Geos, and data collected from your Azure virtual machines, including crash dumps, and some types of alert data, are stored in the nearest workspace.</span></span> 

| <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-125">VM Geo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-125">VM Geo</span></span>                        | <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-126">Workspace Geo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-126">Workspace Geo</span></span> |
|-------------------------------|---------------|
| <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-127">United States, Brazil, Canada</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-127">United States, Brazil, Canada</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-128">United States</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-128">United States</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-129">Europe, United Kingdom</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-129">Europe, United Kingdom</span></span>        | <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-130">Europe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-130">Europe</span></span>        |
| <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-131">Asia Pacific, Japan, India</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-131">Asia Pacific, Japan, India</span></span>    | <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-132">Asia Pacific</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-132">Asia Pacific</span></span>  |
| <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-133">Australia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-133">Australia</span></span>                     | <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-134">Australia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-134">Australia</span></span>     |

 
<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-135">VM disk snapshots are stored in the same storage account as the VM disk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-135">VM disk snapshots are stored in the same storage account as the VM disk.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-136">For virtual machines and servers running in other environments, e.g. on-premises, you can specify the workspace and region where collected data is stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-136">For virtual machines and servers running in other environments, e.g. on-premises, you can specify the workspace and region where collected data is stored.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-137">**Azure Security Center Storage**: Information about security alerts, including partner alerts, is stored regionally according to the location of the related Azure resource, whereas Information about security health status and recommendation is stored centrally in either the United States or Europe according to customer’s location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-137">**Azure Security Center Storage**: Information about security alerts, including partner alerts, is stored regionally according to the location of the related Azure resource, whereas Information about security health status and recommendation is stored centrally in either the United States or Europe according to customer’s location.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-138">Azure Security Center collects ephemeral copies of your crash dump files and analyzes them for evidence of exploit attempts and successful compromises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-138">Azure Security Center collects ephemeral copies of your crash dump files and analyzes them for evidence of exploit attempts and successful compromises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-139">Azure Security Center performs this analysis within the same Geo as the workspace, and deletes the ephemeral copies when analysis is complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-139">Azure Security Center performs this analysis within the same Geo as the workspace, and deletes the ephemeral copies when analysis is complete.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-140">Machine artifacts are stored centrally in the same region as the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-140">Machine artifacts are stored centrally in the same region as the VM.</span></span> 


## <a name="managing-data-collection-from-virtual-machines"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc07c-141">Managing data collection from virtual machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-141">Managing data collection from virtual machines</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-142">When you enable Security Center in Azure, data collection is turned on for each of your Azure subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-142">When you enable Security Center in Azure, data collection is turned on for each of your Azure subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-143">You can also turn on data collection for your subscriptions in the Security Policy section of Azure Security Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-143">You can also turn on data collection for your subscriptions in the Security Policy section of Azure Security Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-144">When Data collection is turned on, Azure Security Center provisions the Microsoft Monitoring Agent on all existing supported Azure virtual machines and any new ones that are created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-144">When Data collection is turned on, Azure Security Center provisions the Microsoft Monitoring Agent on all existing supported Azure virtual machines and any new ones that are created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-145">The Microsoft Monitoring agent scans for various security-related configurations and events it into [Event Tracing for Windows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/bb968803.aspx) (ETW) traces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-145">The Microsoft Monitoring agent scans for various security-related configurations and events it into [Event Tracing for Windows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/bb968803.aspx) (ETW) traces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-146">In addition, the operating system will raise event log events during the course of running the machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-146">In addition, the operating system will raise event log events during the course of running the machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-147">Examples of such data are: operating system type and version, operating system logs (Windows event logs), running processes, machine name, IP addresses, logged in user, and tenant ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-147">Examples of such data are: operating system type and version, operating system logs (Windows event logs), running processes, machine name, IP addresses, logged in user, and tenant ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-148">The Microsoft Monitoring Agent reads event log entries and ETW traces and copies them to your workspace(s) for analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-148">The Microsoft Monitoring Agent reads event log entries and ETW traces and copies them to your workspace(s) for analysis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-149">The Microsoft Monitoring Agent also copies crash dump files to your workspace(s), enable process creation events, and enable command line auditing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-149">The Microsoft Monitoring Agent also copies crash dump files to your workspace(s), enable process creation events, and enable command line auditing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-150">If you are using Azure Security Center Free, you can also disable data collection from virtual machines in the Security Policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-150">If you are using Azure Security Center Free, you can also disable data collection from virtual machines in the Security Policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-151">Data Collection is required for subscriptions on the Standard tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-151">Data Collection is required for subscriptions on the Standard tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-152">VM disk snapshots and artifact collection will still be enabled even if data collection has been disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-152">VM disk snapshots and artifact collection will still be enabled even if data collection has been disabled.</span></span>

## <a name="data-consumption"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc07c-153">Data Consumption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-153">Data Consumption</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-154">Customers can consume Security Center related data from different data streams, as shown below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-154">Customers can consume Security Center related data from different data streams, as shown below:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-155">**Azure Activity**: all security alerts, approved Security Center [just in time](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-just-in-time) requests, and all alerts generated by [adaptive application controls](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-adaptive-application).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-155">**Azure Activity**: all security alerts, approved Security Center [just in time](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-just-in-time) requests, and all alerts generated by [adaptive application controls](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-adaptive-application).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-156">**Log Analytics**: all security alerts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-156">**Log Analytics**: all security alerts.</span></span>


> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-157">Security recommendations can be also consumed via REST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-157">Security recommendations can be also consumed via REST API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-158">Read [Security Resource Provider REST API Reference](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt704034(Azure.100).aspx) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-158">Read [Security Resource Provider REST API Reference](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt704034(Azure.100).aspx) for more information.</span></span> 

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc07c-159">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-159">See also</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc07c-160">In this document, you learned how data is managed and safeguarded in Azure Security Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-160">In this document, you learned how data is managed and safeguarded in Azure Security Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-161">To learn more about Azure Security Center, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-161">To learn more about Azure Security Center, see:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-162">[Azure Security Center Planning and Operations Guide](security-center-planning-and-operations-guide.md) — Learn how to plan and understand the design considerations to adopt Azure Security Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-162">[Azure Security Center Planning and Operations Guide](security-center-planning-and-operations-guide.md) — Learn how to plan and understand the design considerations to adopt Azure Security Center.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-163">[Security health monitoring in Azure Security Center](security-center-monitoring.md) — Learn how to monitor the health of your Azure resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-163">[Security health monitoring in Azure Security Center](security-center-monitoring.md) — Learn how to monitor the health of your Azure resources</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-164">[Managing and responding to security alerts in Azure Security Center](security-center-managing-and-responding-alerts.md) — Learn how to manage and respond to security alerts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-164">[Managing and responding to security alerts in Azure Security Center](security-center-managing-and-responding-alerts.md) — Learn how to manage and respond to security alerts</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-165">[Monitoring partner solutions with Azure Security Center](security-center-partner-solutions.md) — Learn how to monitor the health status of your partner solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-165">[Monitoring partner solutions with Azure Security Center](security-center-partner-solutions.md) — Learn how to monitor the health status of your partner solutions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-166">[Azure Security Center FAQ](security-center-faq.md) — Find frequently asked questions about using the service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-166">[Azure Security Center FAQ](security-center-faq.md) — Find frequently asked questions about using the service</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fc07c-167">[Azure Security Blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/azuresecurity/) — Find blog posts about Azure security and compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc07c-167">[Azure Security Blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/azuresecurity/) — Find blog posts about Azure security and compliance</span></span>
