---
title: Azure Security Center frequently asked questions (FAQ) | Microsoft Docs
description: This FAQ answers questions about Azure Security Center.
services: security-center
documentationcenter: na
author: TerryLanfear
manager: MBaldwin
editor: ''
ms.assetid: be2ab6d5-72a8-411f-878e-98dac21bc5cb
ms.service: security-center
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 02/22/2017
ms.author: terrylan
ms.openlocfilehash: 38503e36f9c0ad981d0239d82a858dbe2c5263a4
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550500"
---
# <a name="azure-security-center-frequently-asked-questions-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-103">Azure Security Center frequently asked questions (FAQ)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-103">Azure Security Center frequently asked questions (FAQ)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-104">This FAQ answers questions about Azure Security Center, a service that helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats with increased visibility into and control over the security of your Microsoft Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-104">This FAQ answers questions about Azure Security Center, a service that helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats with increased visibility into and control over the security of your Microsoft Azure resources.</span></span>

## <a name="general-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-105">General questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-105">General questions</span></span>
### <a name="what-is-azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-106">What is Azure Security Center?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-106">What is Azure Security Center?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-107">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats with increased visibility into and control over the security of your Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-107">Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats with increased visibility into and control over the security of your Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-108">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-108">It provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-get-azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-109">How do I get Azure Security Center?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-109">How do I get Azure Security Center?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-110">Azure Security Center is enabled with your Microsoft Azure subscription and accessed from the [Azure portal](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/azure-portal/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-110">Azure Security Center is enabled with your Microsoft Azure subscription and accessed from the [Azure portal](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/azure-portal/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-111">([Sign in to the portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, and scroll to **Security Center**).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-111">([Sign in to the portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, and scroll to **Security Center**).</span></span>  

## <a name="billing"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-112">Billing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-112">Billing</span></span>
### <a name="how-does-billing-work-for-azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-113">How does billing work for Azure Security Center?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-113">How does billing work for Azure Security Center?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-114">Security Center is offered in two tiers: Free and Standard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-114">Security Center is offered in two tiers: Free and Standard.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-115">The Free tier enables you to set security policies and receive security alerts, incidents, and recommendations that guide you through the process of configuring needed controls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-115">The Free tier enables you to set security policies and receive security alerts, incidents, and recommendations that guide you through the process of configuring needed controls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-116">With the Free tier, you can also monitor the security state of your Azure resources and partner solutions integrated with your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-116">With the Free tier, you can also monitor the security state of your Azure resources and partner solutions integrated with your Azure subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-117">The Standard tier provides the Free tier features plus advanced detections: threat intelligence, behavioral analysis, crash analysis, and anomaly detection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-117">The Standard tier provides the Free tier features plus advanced detections: threat intelligence, behavioral analysis, crash analysis, and anomaly detection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-118">The Standard tier is offered free for the first 60 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-118">The Standard tier is offered free for the first 60 days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-119">Should you choose to continue to use the service beyond 60 days, we will automatically start to charge for the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-119">Should you choose to continue to use the service beyond 60 days, we will automatically start to charge for the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-120">To upgrade, select Pricing Tier in the [security policy](security-center-policies.md#set-security-policies-for-subscriptions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-120">To upgrade, select Pricing Tier in the [security policy](security-center-policies.md#set-security-policies-for-subscriptions).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-121">To learn more, see [Security Center pricing](security-center-pricing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-121">To learn more, see [Security Center pricing](security-center-pricing.md).</span></span>

## <a name="permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-122">Permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-122">Permissions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-123">Azure Security Center uses [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md), which provides [built-in roles](../active-directory/role-based-access-built-in-roles.md) that can be assigned to users, groups, and services in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-123">Azure Security Center uses [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md), which provides [built-in roles](../active-directory/role-based-access-built-in-roles.md) that can be assigned to users, groups, and services in Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-124">Security Center assesses the configuration of your resources to identify security issues and vulnerabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-124">Security Center assesses the configuration of your resources to identify security issues and vulnerabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-125">In Security Center, you only see information related to a resource when you are assigned the role of Owner, Contributor, or Reader for the subscription or resource group that a resource belongs to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-125">In Security Center, you only see information related to a resource when you are assigned the role of Owner, Contributor, or Reader for the subscription or resource group that a resource belongs to.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-126">See [Permissions in Azure Security Center](security-center-permissions.md) to learn more about roles and allowed actions in Security Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-126">See [Permissions in Azure Security Center](security-center-permissions.md) to learn more about roles and allowed actions in Security Center.</span></span>

## <a name="data-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-127">Data collection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-127">Data collection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-128">Security Center collects data from your virtual machines to assess their security state, provide security recommendations, and alert you to threats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-128">Security Center collects data from your virtual machines to assess their security state, provide security recommendations, and alert you to threats.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-129">When you first access Security Center, data collection is enabled on all virtual machines in your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-129">When you first access Security Center, data collection is enabled on all virtual machines in your subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-130">Data collection is recommended but you can opt-out by [disabling data collection](#how-do-i-disable-data-collection) in the Security Center policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-130">Data collection is recommended but you can opt-out by [disabling data collection](#how-do-i-disable-data-collection) in the Security Center policy.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-disable-data-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-131">How do I disable data collection?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-131">How do I disable data collection?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-132">You can disable **Data collection** for a subscription in the Security policy at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-132">You can disable **Data collection** for a subscription in the Security policy at any time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-133">([Sign in to the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, select **Security Center**, and select **Policy**.)  When you select a subscription, a new blade opens and provides you the option to turn off **Data collection**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-133">([Sign in to the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, select **Security Center**, and select **Policy**.)  When you select a subscription, a new blade opens and provides you the option to turn off **Data collection**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-134">Azure Monitoring Agents are automatically removed from the subscription's existing virtual machines when you turn off data collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-134">Azure Monitoring Agents are automatically removed from the subscription's existing virtual machines when you turn off data collection.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-135">Security policies can be set at the Azure subscription level and resource group level but you must select a subscription to turn off data collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-135">Security policies can be set at the Azure subscription level and resource group level but you must select a subscription to turn off data collection.</span></span>
>
>

### <a name="how-do-i-enable-data-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-136">How do I enable data collection?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-136">How do I enable data collection?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-137">You can enable data collection for your Azure subscription in the Security policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-137">You can enable data collection for your Azure subscription in the Security policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-138">To enable data collection, [sign in to the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, select **Security Center**, and select **Policy**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-138">To enable data collection, [sign in to the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, select **Security Center**, and select **Policy**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-139">Set **Data collection** to **On** and configure the storage accounts where you want data to be collected to (see question “[Where is my data stored?](#where-is-my-data-stored)”).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-139">Set **Data collection** to **On** and configure the storage accounts where you want data to be collected to (see question “[Where is my data stored?](#where-is-my-data-stored)”).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-140">When **Data collection** is enabled, it automatically collects security configuration and event information from all supported virtual machines in the subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-140">When **Data collection** is enabled, it automatically collects security configuration and event information from all supported virtual machines in the subscription.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-141">Security policies can be set at the Azure subscription level and resource group level but configuration of data collection occurs at the subscription level only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-141">Security policies can be set at the Azure subscription level and resource group level but configuration of data collection occurs at the subscription level only.</span></span>
>
>

### <a name="what-happens-when-data-collection-is-enabled"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-142">What happens when data collection is enabled?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-142">What happens when data collection is enabled?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-143">Data collection is enabled via the Azure Monitoring Agent and the Azure Security Monitoring extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-143">Data collection is enabled via the Azure Monitoring Agent and the Azure Security Monitoring extension.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-144">The Azure Security Monitoring extension scans for various security relevant configurations and sends it into [Event Tracing for Windows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/bb968803.aspx) (ETW) traces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-144">The Azure Security Monitoring extension scans for various security relevant configurations and sends it into [Event Tracing for Windows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/bb968803.aspx) (ETW) traces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-145">In addition, the operating system creates event log entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-145">In addition, the operating system creates event log entries.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83dca-146">The Azure Monitoring Agent reads event log entries and ETW traces and copies them to your storage account for analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-146">The Azure Monitoring Agent reads event log entries and ETW traces and copies them to your storage account for analysis.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83dca-147">This is the storage account you configured in the security policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-147">This is the storage account you configured in the security policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-148">For more information about the storage account, see question “[Where is my data stored?](#where-is-my-data-stored)”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-148">For more information about the storage account, see question “[Where is my data stored?](#where-is-my-data-stored)”</span></span>

### <a name="does-the-monitoring-agent-or-security-monitoring-extension-impact-the-performance-of-my-servers"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-149">Does the Monitoring Agent or Security Monitoring extension impact the performance of my server(s)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-149">Does the Monitoring Agent or Security Monitoring extension impact the performance of my server(s)?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-150">The agent and extension consumes a nominal amount of system resources and should have little impact on the performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-150">The agent and extension consumes a nominal amount of system resources and should have little impact on the performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-151">For more information on performance impact and the agent and extension, see the [planning and operations guide](security-center-planning-and-operations-guide.md#data-collection-and-storage).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-151">For more information on performance impact and the agent and extension, see the [planning and operations guide](security-center-planning-and-operations-guide.md#data-collection-and-storage).</span></span>

### <a name="where-is-my-data-stored"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-152">Where is my data stored?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-152">Where is my data stored?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-153">For each region in which you have virtual machines running, you choose the storage account where data collected from those virtual machines is stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-153">For each region in which you have virtual machines running, you choose the storage account where data collected from those virtual machines is stored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-154">This makes it easy for you to keep data in the same geographic area for privacy and data sovereignty purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-154">This makes it easy for you to keep data in the same geographic area for privacy and data sovereignty purposes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-155">You choose the storage account for a subscription in the Security policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-155">You choose the storage account for a subscription in the Security policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-156">([Sign in to the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, select **Security Center**, and select **Policy**.) When you select a subscription, a new blade opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-156">([Sign in to the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), select **Browse**, select **Security Center**, and select **Policy**.) When you select a subscription, a new blade opens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-157">To select a region, select **Choose storage accounts**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-157">To select a region, select **Choose storage accounts**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-158">If you do not choose a storage account for each region, a storage account is created for you and placed in the securitydata resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-158">If you do not choose a storage account for each region, a storage account is created for you and placed in the securitydata resource group.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-159">Security policies can be set at the Azure subscription level and resource group level but selecting a region for your storage account occurs at the subscription level only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-159">Security policies can be set at the Azure subscription level and resource group level but selecting a region for your storage account occurs at the subscription level only.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-160">To learn more about Azure storage and storage accounts, see [Storage Documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/storage/) and [About Azure storage accounts](../storage/storage-create-storage-account.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-160">To learn more about Azure storage and storage accounts, see [Storage Documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/storage/) and [About Azure storage accounts](../storage/storage-create-storage-account.md).</span></span>

## <a name="using-azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-161">Using Azure Security Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-161">Using Azure Security Center</span></span>
### <a name="what-is-a-security-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-162">What is a security policy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-162">What is a security policy?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-163">A security policy defines the set of controls that are recommended for resources within the specified subscription or resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-163">A security policy defines the set of controls that are recommended for resources within the specified subscription or resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-164">In Azure Security Center, you define policies for your Azure subscriptions and resource groups according to your company's security requirements and the type of applications or sensitivity of the data in each subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-164">In Azure Security Center, you define policies for your Azure subscriptions and resource groups according to your company's security requirements and the type of applications or sensitivity of the data in each subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-165">For example, resources used for development or test may have different security requirements than those used for production applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-165">For example, resources used for development or test may have different security requirements than those used for production applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-166">Likewise, applications with regulated data like PII (Personally Identifiable Information) may require a higher level of security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-166">Likewise, applications with regulated data like PII (Personally Identifiable Information) may require a higher level of security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-167">The security policies enabled in Azure Security Center drive security recommendations and monitoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-167">The security policies enabled in Azure Security Center drive security recommendations and monitoring.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-168">To learn more about security policies, see [Security health monitoring in Azure Security Center](security-center-monitoring.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-168">To learn more about security policies, see [Security health monitoring in Azure Security Center](security-center-monitoring.md).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-169">If there is a conflict between subscription level policy and resource group level policy, the resource group level policy takes precedence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-169">If there is a conflict between subscription level policy and resource group level policy, the resource group level policy takes precedence.</span></span>
>
>

### <a name="who-can-modify-a-security-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-170">Who can modify a security policy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-170">Who can modify a security policy?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-171">Security policies are configured for each subscription or resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-171">Security policies are configured for each subscription or resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-172">To modify a security policy at the subscription level or resource group level, you must be an Owner or Contributor of that subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-172">To modify a security policy at the subscription level or resource group level, you must be an Owner or Contributor of that subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-173">To learn how to configure a security policy, see [Setting security policies in Azure Security Center](security-center-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-173">To learn how to configure a security policy, see [Setting security policies in Azure Security Center](security-center-policies.md).</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-a-security-recommendation"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-174">What is a security recommendation?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-174">What is a security recommendation?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-175">Azure Security Center analyzes the security state of your Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-175">Azure Security Center analyzes the security state of your Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-176">When potential security vulnerabilities are identified, recommendations are created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-176">When potential security vulnerabilities are identified, recommendations are created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-177">The recommendations guide you through the process of configuring the needed control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-177">The recommendations guide you through the process of configuring the needed control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-178">Examples are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-178">Examples are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-179">Provisioning of antimalware to help identify and remove malicious software</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-179">Provisioning of antimalware to help identify and remove malicious software</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-180">Configuring [Network Security Groups](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md) and rules to control traffic to virtual machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-180">Configuring [Network Security Groups](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md) and rules to control traffic to virtual machines</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-181">Provisioning of a web application firewall to help defend against attacks targeting your web applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-181">Provisioning of a web application firewall to help defend against attacks targeting your web applications</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-182">Deploying missing system updates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-182">Deploying missing system updates</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-183">Addressing OS configurations that do not match the recommended baselines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-183">Addressing OS configurations that do not match the recommended baselines</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-184">Only recommendations that are enabled in Security Policies are shown here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-184">Only recommendations that are enabled in Security Policies are shown here.</span></span>

### <a name="how-can-i-see-the-current-security-state-of-my-azure-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-185">How can I see the current security state of my Azure resources?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-185">How can I see the current security state of my Azure resources?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-186">A **Resources health** tile on the **Security Center** blade shows the overall security posture of your environment broken down by virtual machines, web applications, and other resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-186">A **Resources health** tile on the **Security Center** blade shows the overall security posture of your environment broken down by virtual machines, web applications, and other resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-187">Each resource has an indicator showing if any potential security vulnerabilities have been identified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-187">Each resource has an indicator showing if any potential security vulnerabilities have been identified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-188">Clicking the Resources health tile displays your resources and identifies where attention is required or issues may exist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-188">Clicking the Resources health tile displays your resources and identifies where attention is required or issues may exist.</span></span>

### <a name="what-triggers-a-security-alert"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-189">What triggers a security alert?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-189">What triggers a security alert?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-190">Azure Security Center automatically collects, analyzes, and fuses log data from your Azure resources, the network, and partner solutions like antimalware and firewalls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-190">Azure Security Center automatically collects, analyzes, and fuses log data from your Azure resources, the network, and partner solutions like antimalware and firewalls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-191">When threats are detected, a security alert is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-191">When threats are detected, a security alert is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-192">Examples include detection of:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-192">Examples include detection of:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-193">Compromised virtual machines communicating with known malicious IP addresses</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-193">Compromised virtual machines communicating with known malicious IP addresses</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-194">Advanced malware detected using Windows error reporting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-194">Advanced malware detected using Windows error reporting</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-195">Brute force attacks against virtual machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-195">Brute force attacks against virtual machines</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-196">Security alerts from integrated partner security solutions such as Anti-Malware or Web Application Firewalls</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-196">Security alerts from integrated partner security solutions such as Anti-Malware or Web Application Firewalls</span></span>

### <a name="whats-the-difference-between-threats-detected-and-alerted-on-by-microsoft-security-response-center-versus-azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-197">What's the difference between threats detected and alerted on by Microsoft Security Response Center versus Azure Security Center?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-197">What's the difference between threats detected and alerted on by Microsoft Security Response Center versus Azure Security Center?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-198">The Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) performs select security monitoring of the Azure network and infrastructure and receives threat intelligence and abuse complaints from third parties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-198">The Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) performs select security monitoring of the Azure network and infrastructure and receives threat intelligence and abuse complaints from third parties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-199">When MSRC becomes aware that customer data has been accessed by an unlawful or unauthorized party or that the customer’s use of Azure does not comply with the terms for Acceptable Use, a security incident manager notifies the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-199">When MSRC becomes aware that customer data has been accessed by an unlawful or unauthorized party or that the customer’s use of Azure does not comply with the terms for Acceptable Use, a security incident manager notifies the customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-200">Notification typically occurs by sending an email to the security contacts specified in Azure Security Center or the Azure subscription owner if a security contact is not specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-200">Notification typically occurs by sending an email to the security contacts specified in Azure Security Center or the Azure subscription owner if a security contact is not specified.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-201">Security Center is an Azure service that continuously monitors the customer’s Azure environment and applies analytics to automatically detect a wide range of potentially malicious activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-201">Security Center is an Azure service that continuously monitors the customer’s Azure environment and applies analytics to automatically detect a wide range of potentially malicious activity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-202">These detections are surfaced as security alerts in the Security Center dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-202">These detections are surfaced as security alerts in the Security Center dashboard.</span></span>

### <a name="which-azure-resources-are-monitored-by-azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-203">Which Azure resources are monitored by Azure Security Center?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-203">Which Azure resources are monitored by Azure Security Center?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-204">Azure Security Center monitors the following Azure resources:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-204">Azure Security Center monitors the following Azure resources:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-205">Virtual machines (VMs) (including [Cloud Services](../cloud-services/cloud-services-choose-me.md))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-205">Virtual machines (VMs) (including [Cloud Services](../cloud-services/cloud-services-choose-me.md))</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-206">Azure Virtual Networks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-206">Azure Virtual Networks</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-207">Azure SQL service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-207">Azure SQL service</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-208">Partner solutions integrated with your Azure subscription such as a web application firewall on VMs and on [App Service Environment](../app-service/app-service-app-service-environments-readme.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-208">Partner solutions integrated with your Azure subscription such as a web application firewall on VMs and on [App Service Environment](../app-service/app-service-app-service-environments-readme.md)</span></span>

## <a name="virtual-machines"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-209">Virtual Machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-209">Virtual Machines</span></span>
### <a name="what-types-of-virtual-machines-are-supported"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-210">What types of virtual machines are supported?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-210">What types of virtual machines are supported?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-211">Security health monitoring and recommendations are available for virtual machines (VMs) created using both the [classic and Resource Manager deployment models](../azure-classic-rm.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-211">Security health monitoring and recommendations are available for virtual machines (VMs) created using both the [classic and Resource Manager deployment models](../azure-classic-rm.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-212">Supported Windows VMs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-212">Supported Windows VMs:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-213">Windows Server 2008 R2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-213">Windows Server 2008 R2</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-214">Windows Server 2012</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-214">Windows Server 2012</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-215">Windows Server 2012 R2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-215">Windows Server 2012 R2</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-216">Windows Server 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-216">Windows Server 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-217">Supported Linux VMs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-217">Supported Linux VMs:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-218">Ubuntu versions 12.04, 14.04, 16.04, 16.10</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-218">Ubuntu versions 12.04, 14.04, 16.04, 16.10</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-219">Debian versions 7, 8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-219">Debian versions 7, 8</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-220">CentOS versions 6.\*, 7.\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-220">CentOS versions 6.\*, 7.\*</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-221">Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) versions 6.\*, 7.\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-221">Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) versions 6.\*, 7.\*</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-222">SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) versions 11 SP4+, 12.\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-222">SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) versions 11 SP4+, 12.\*</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83dca-223">Oracle Linux versions 6.\*, 7.\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-223">Oracle Linux versions 6.\*, 7.\*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83dca-224">VMs running in a cloud service are also supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-224">VMs running in a cloud service are also supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-225">Only cloud services web and worker roles running in production slots are monitored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-225">Only cloud services web and worker roles running in production slots are monitored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-226">To learn more about cloud service, see [Cloud Services overview](../cloud-services/cloud-services-choose-me.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-226">To learn more about cloud service, see [Cloud Services overview](../cloud-services/cloud-services-choose-me.md).</span></span>

### <a name="why-doesnt-azure-security-center-recognize-the-antimalware-solution-running-on-my-azure-vm"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-227">Why doesn't Azure Security Center recognize the antimalware solution running on my Azure VM?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-227">Why doesn't Azure Security Center recognize the antimalware solution running on my Azure VM?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-228">Azure Security Center only has visibility into antimalware installed through Azure extensions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-228">Azure Security Center only has visibility into antimalware installed through Azure extensions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-229">For example, Security Center is not able to detect antimalware that was pre-installed on an image you provided or if you installed antimalware on your virtual machines using your own processes (such as configuration management systems).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-229">For example, Security Center is not able to detect antimalware that was pre-installed on an image you provided or if you installed antimalware on your virtual machines using your own processes (such as configuration management systems).</span></span>

### <a name="why-do-i-get-the-message-missing-scan-data-for-my-vm"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-230">Why do I get the message "Missing Scan Data" for my VM?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-230">Why do I get the message "Missing Scan Data" for my VM?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-231">It can take some time (less than an hour) for scan data to populate after Data Collection is enabled in Azure Security Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-231">It can take some time (less than an hour) for scan data to populate after Data Collection is enabled in Azure Security Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-232">Scans do not populate for VMs in a stopped state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-232">Scans do not populate for VMs in a stopped state.</span></span>

### <a name="why-do-i-get-the-message-vm-agent-is-missing"></a><span data-ttu-id="83dca-233">Why do I get the message "VM Agent is Missing?"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-233">Why do I get the message "VM Agent is Missing?"</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83dca-234">The VM Agent must be installed on VMs to enable Data Collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-234">The VM Agent must be installed on VMs to enable Data Collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-235">The VM Agent is installed by default for VMs that are deployed from the Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-235">The VM Agent is installed by default for VMs that are deployed from the Azure Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83dca-236">For information on how to install the VM Agent on other VMs, see the blog post [VM Agent and Extensions](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/vm-agent-and-extensions-part-2/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83dca-236">For information on how to install the VM Agent on other VMs, see the blog post [VM Agent and Extensions](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/vm-agent-and-extensions-part-2/).</span></span>
