---
title: Technical Pre-requisites for creating a Data Service for the Marketplace | Microsoft Docs
description: Understand the requirements for creating a Data Service to deploy and sell on the Azure Marketplace
services: marketplace-publishing
documentationcenter: ''
author: HannibalSII
manager: hascipio
editor: ''
ms.assetid: aaff609a-1cd1-4146-98f4-d04166b0fce0
ms.service: marketplace
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 08/26/2016
ms.author: hascipio; avikova
ms.openlocfilehash: 52827723477677bc292c645e2390c435fbad3ee4
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44563778"
---
# <a name="technical-pre-requisites-for-creating-a-data-service-offer-for-the-azure-marketplace"></a><span data-ttu-id="17da0-103">Technical Pre-requisites for creating a Data Service offer for the Azure Marketplace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-103">Technical Pre-requisites for creating a Data Service offer for the Azure Marketplace</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-104">**At this time we are no longer onboarding any new Data Service publishers. New dataservices will not get approved for listing.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-104">**At this time we are no longer onboarding any new Data Service publishers. New dataservices will not get approved for listing.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-105">If you have a SaaS business application you would like to publish on AppSource you can find more information [here](https://appsource.microsoft.com/partners).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-105">If you have a SaaS business application you would like to publish on AppSource you can find more information [here](https://appsource.microsoft.com/partners).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-106">If you have an IaaS applications or developer service you would like to publish on Azure Marketplace you can find more information [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/programs/certified/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-106">If you have an IaaS applications or developer service you would like to publish on Azure Marketplace you can find more information [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/programs/certified/).</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-107">Read the process thoroughly before beginning and understand where and why each step is performed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-107">Read the process thoroughly before beginning and understand where and why each step is performed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-108">As much as possible, you should prepare your company information and other data, download necessary tools, and/or create technical components before beginning the offer creation process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-108">As much as possible, you should prepare your company information and other data, download necessary tools, and/or create technical components before beginning the offer creation process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-109">You should have the following items ready before beginning the process:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-109">You should have the following items ready before beginning the process:</span></span>

## <a name="make-a-decision-on-what-technology-will-be-used-to-publish-your-data-service-offer"></a><span data-ttu-id="17da0-110">Make a decision on what technology will be used to publish your Data Service offer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-110">Make a decision on what technology will be used to publish your Data Service offer</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17da0-111">A Publisher can decide between multiple technologies when publishing Data Service in Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-111">A Publisher can decide between multiple technologies when publishing Data Service in Azure Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-112">The main technologies that are supported described below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-112">The main technologies that are supported described below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-113">Regardless what technology is used to publish the Data Service, the end-user consumes the data through the **OData feed** exposed by Azure Marketplace Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-113">Regardless what technology is used to publish the Data Service, the end-user consumes the data through the **OData feed** exposed by Azure Marketplace Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-114">Full information about OData service you can find on [http://www.odata.org/](http://www.odata.org/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-114">Full information about OData service you can find on [http://www.odata.org/](http://www.odata.org/)</span></span>

## <a name="sql-azure-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="17da0-115">SQL Azure Database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-115">SQL Azure Database</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17da0-116">Having dataset ready in SQL Azure is Publisher’s responsibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-116">Having dataset ready in SQL Azure is Publisher’s responsibility.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-117">You’ll need to subscribe to Azure, provision appropriate size of Database and upload your Data into SQL Azure DB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-117">You’ll need to subscribe to Azure, provision appropriate size of Database and upload your Data into SQL Azure DB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-118">Publisher is also responsible to keep his/her data always up-to-date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-118">Publisher is also responsible to keep his/her data always up-to-date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-119">More information about subscribing to Azure Services you can find on [https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database/](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-119">More information about subscribing to Azure Services you can find on [https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database/](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database/)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-120">When moving the data into SQL Azure, the Azure Marketplace can expose tables and views.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-120">When moving the data into SQL Azure, the Azure Marketplace can expose tables and views.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-121">The Publisher can specify which tables/views and columns are exposed to the end-user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-121">The Publisher can specify which tables/views and columns are exposed to the end-user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-122">Further the content provider can also specify which columns can be queried by the end-user and which ones are only returned in the payload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-122">Further the content provider can also specify which columns can be queried by the end-user and which ones are only returned in the payload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-123">This gives a high level of flexibility about which data in the database should be exposed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-123">This gives a high level of flexibility about which data in the database should be exposed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-124">Columns that can be queried need to be backed by one or more database indices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-124">Columns that can be queried need to be backed by one or more database indices.</span></span>

## <a name="rest-based-web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="17da0-125">REST based web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-125">REST based web service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17da0-126">Supported protocol: **HTTPS only**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-126">Supported protocol: **HTTPS only**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-127">Existing REST based services can be exposed through the Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-127">Existing REST based services can be exposed through the Azure Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-128">Because the dataset is always exposed to the end-user as an OData feed, the Azure Marketplace service needs to be able to map the service to a OData based service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-128">Because the dataset is always exposed to the end-user as an OData feed, the Azure Marketplace service needs to be able to map the service to a OData based service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-129">To do so the REST based endpoints need to expose all parameters as HTTP parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-129">To do so the REST based endpoints need to expose all parameters as HTTP parameters.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-130">The payload needs to be in a form that can be mapped into an ATOM response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-130">The payload needs to be in a form that can be mapped into an ATOM response.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-131">Hence the response from the services needs to be in XML format and can only contain one repeating element that contains the payload values (like record set).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-131">Hence the response from the services needs to be in XML format and can only contain one repeating element that contains the payload values (like record set).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-132">The Azure Marketplace service will map the repeating node to the entry node in ATOM and the payload values into property nodes within the entry node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-132">The Azure Marketplace service will map the repeating node to the entry node in ATOM and the payload values into property nodes within the entry node.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-133">Authorization information (such as API key, authentication token, etc.) needs to be provided as an HTTP parameter or in the HTTP header (key value pair) – basic authentication is also supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-133">Authorization information (such as API key, authentication token, etc.) needs to be provided as an HTTP parameter or in the HTTP header (key value pair) – basic authentication is also supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-134">A valid key needs to be provided and all requests through Azure Marketplace are being made through that key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-134">A valid key needs to be provided and all requests through Azure Marketplace are being made through that key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-135">User monitoring and billing happens at the Azure Marketplace layer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-135">User monitoring and billing happens at the Azure Marketplace layer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-136">Errors returned by the service need to be mapped into HTTP status codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-136">Errors returned by the service need to be mapped into HTTP status codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-137">In case the service returns a XML that contains the error these are going to be mapped by the Azure Marketplace service to HTTP status codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-137">In case the service returns a XML that contains the error these are going to be mapped by the Azure Marketplace service to HTTP status codes.</span></span>

## <a name="soap-based-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="17da0-138">SOAP based web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-138">SOAP based web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17da0-139">Protocol: **HTTPS only**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-139">Protocol: **HTTPS only**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-140">The requirements are the same as in the REST based service section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-140">The requirements are the same as in the REST based service section.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-141">The only difference is that parameters can also be provided in an XML body that’s being posted to the Publisher’s service with every request made through Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-141">The only difference is that parameters can also be provided in an XML body that’s being posted to the Publisher’s service with every request made through Azure Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-142">This means that HTTP parameters the user provides at the front-end are being translated into XML elements of an XML document that’s being posted with the request to the content provider’s web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-142">This means that HTTP parameters the user provides at the front-end are being translated into XML elements of an XML document that’s being posted with the request to the content provider’s web service.</span></span>

## <a name="odata-based-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="17da0-143">OData based web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-143">OData based web services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17da0-144">Protocol: **HTTPS only**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-144">Protocol: **HTTPS only**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-145">Data can be exposed as an OData service to Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-145">Data can be exposed as an OData service to Azure Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-146">The system is going to pass the service through and replaces the root of the service with the Azure Marketplace service root – to ensure all subsequent calls go through Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-146">The system is going to pass the service through and replaces the root of the service with the Azure Marketplace service root – to ensure all subsequent calls go through Azure Marketplace.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-147">OData services don’t only need to go against a database in the backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-147">OData services don’t only need to go against a database in the backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17da0-148">OData supports any kind of storage or business logic to drive the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-148">OData supports any kind of storage or business logic to drive the service.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="17da0-149">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-149">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17da0-150">Now that you reviewed the pre-requisites and completed the necessary tasks, you can move forward with the creating your Data Service offer as detailed in the [Data Service Publishing Guide](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-150">Now that you reviewed the pre-requisites and completed the necessary tasks, you can move forward with the creating your Data Service offer as detailed in the [Data Service Publishing Guide](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17da0-151">Or, if you would like to review the overall process and the respective articles for each of the publishing phases, please visit the article [Getting Started: How to publish an offer to the Azure Marketplace](marketplace-publishing-getting-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17da0-151">Or, if you would like to review the overall process and the respective articles for each of the publishing phases, please visit the article [Getting Started: How to publish an offer to the Azure Marketplace](marketplace-publishing-getting-started.md).</span></span>

[link-acct]:marketplace-publishing-accounts-creation-registration.md
