---
title: Understanding the Azure Active Directory Application Manifest | Microsoft Docs
description: Detailed coverage of the Azure Active Directory application manifest, which represents an application's identity configuration in an Azure AD tenant, and is used to facilitate OAuth authorization, consent experience, and more.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: bryanla
manager: mbaldwin
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 4804f3d4-0ff1-4280-b663-f8f10d54d184
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 02/08/2017
ms.author: dkershaw;bryanla
ms.openlocfilehash: 2dc166a346c58d43e9ed60332f47619c1de89816
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556534"
---
# <a name="understanding-the-azure-active-directory-application-manifest"></a><span data-ttu-id="f6d82-103">Understanding the Azure Active Directory application manifest</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-103">Understanding the Azure Active Directory application manifest</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-104">Applications that integrate with Azure Active Directory (AD) must be registered with an Azure AD tenant, providing a persistent identity configuration for the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-104">Applications that integrate with Azure Active Directory (AD) must be registered with an Azure AD tenant, providing a persistent identity configuration for the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-105">This configuration is consulted at runtime, enabling scenarios that allow an application to outsource and broker authentication/authorization through Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-105">This configuration is consulted at runtime, enabling scenarios that allow an application to outsource and broker authentication/authorization through Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-106">For more information about the Azure AD application model, see the [Adding, Updating, and Removing an Application][ADD-UPD-RMV-APP] article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-106">For more information about the Azure AD application model, see the [Adding, Updating, and Removing an Application][ADD-UPD-RMV-APP] article.</span></span>

## <a name="updating-an-applications-identity-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="f6d82-107">Updating an application's identity configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-107">Updating an application's identity configuration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-108">There are actually multiple options available for updating the properties on an application's identity configuration, which vary in capabilities and degrees of difficulty, including the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-108">There are actually multiple options available for updating the properties on an application's identity configuration, which vary in capabilities and degrees of difficulty, including the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-109">The **[Azure portal's][AZURE-PORTAL] Web user interface** allows you to update the most common properties of an application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-109">The **[Azure portal's][AZURE-PORTAL] Web user interface** allows you to update the most common properties of an application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-110">This is the quickest and least error prone way of updating your application's properties, but does not give you full access to all properties, like the next two methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-110">This is the quickest and least error prone way of updating your application's properties, but does not give you full access to all properties, like the next two methods.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-111">For more advanced scenarios where you need to update properties that are not exposed in the Azure classic portal, you can modify the **application manifest**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-111">For more advanced scenarios where you need to update properties that are not exposed in the Azure classic portal, you can modify the **application manifest**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-112">This is the focus of this article and is discussed in more detail starting in the next section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-112">This is the focus of this article and is discussed in more detail starting in the next section.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-113">It's also possible to **write an application that uses the [Graph API][GRAPH-API]** to update your application, which requires the most effort.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-113">It's also possible to **write an application that uses the [Graph API][GRAPH-API]** to update your application, which requires the most effort.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-114">This may be an attractive option though, if you are writing management software, or need to update application properties on a regular basis in an automated fashion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-114">This may be an attractive option though, if you are writing management software, or need to update application properties on a regular basis in an automated fashion.</span></span>

## <a name="using-the-application-manifest-to-update-an-applications-identity-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="f6d82-115">Using the application manifest to update an application's identity configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-115">Using the application manifest to update an application's identity configuration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-116">Through the [Azure portal][AZURE-PORTAL], you can manage your application's identity configuration by updating the application manifest using the inline manifest editor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-116">Through the [Azure portal][AZURE-PORTAL], you can manage your application's identity configuration by updating the application manifest using the inline manifest editor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-117">You can also download and upload the application manifest as a JSON file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-117">You can also download and upload the application manifest as a JSON file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-118">No actual file is stored in the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-118">No actual file is stored in the directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-119">The application manifest is merely an HTTP GET operation on the Azure AD Graph API Application entity, and the upload is an HTTP PATCH operation on the Application entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-119">The application manifest is merely an HTTP GET operation on the Azure AD Graph API Application entity, and the upload is an HTTP PATCH operation on the Application entity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-120">As a result, in order to understand the format and properties of the application manifest, you will need to reference the Graph API [Application entity][APPLICATION-ENTITY] documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-120">As a result, in order to understand the format and properties of the application manifest, you will need to reference the Graph API [Application entity][APPLICATION-ENTITY] documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-121">Examples of updates that can be performed though application manifest upload include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-121">Examples of updates that can be performed though application manifest upload include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-122">**Declare permission scopes (oauth2Permissions)** exposed by your web API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-122">**Declare permission scopes (oauth2Permissions)** exposed by your web API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-123">See the "Exposing Web APIs to Other Applications" topic in [Integrating Applications with Azure Active Directory][INTEGRATING-APPLICATIONS-AAD] for information on implementing user impersonation using the oauth2Permissions delegated permission scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-123">See the "Exposing Web APIs to Other Applications" topic in [Integrating Applications with Azure Active Directory][INTEGRATING-APPLICATIONS-AAD] for information on implementing user impersonation using the oauth2Permissions delegated permission scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-124">As mentioned previously, Application entity properties are documented in the Graph API [Entity and Complex Type][APPLICATION-ENTITY] reference article, including the oauth2Permissions property which is a collection of type [OAuth2Permission][APPLICATION-ENTITY-OAUTH2-PERMISSION].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-124">As mentioned previously, Application entity properties are documented in the Graph API [Entity and Complex Type][APPLICATION-ENTITY] reference article, including the oauth2Permissions property which is a collection of type [OAuth2Permission][APPLICATION-ENTITY-OAUTH2-PERMISSION].</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-125">**Declare application roles (appRoles) exposed by your app**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-125">**Declare application roles (appRoles) exposed by your app**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-126">The Application entity's appRoles property is a collection of type [AppRole][APPLICATION-ENTITY-APP-ROLE].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-126">The Application entity's appRoles property is a collection of type [AppRole][APPLICATION-ENTITY-APP-ROLE].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-127">See the [Role based access control in cloud applications using Azure AD][RBAC-CLOUD-APPS-AZUREAD] article for an implementation example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-127">See the [Role based access control in cloud applications using Azure AD][RBAC-CLOUD-APPS-AZUREAD] article for an implementation example.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-128">**Declare known client applications (knownClientApplications)**, which allow you to logically tie the consent of the specified client application(s) to the resource/web API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-128">**Declare known client applications (knownClientApplications)**, which allow you to logically tie the consent of the specified client application(s) to the resource/web API.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-129">**Request Azure AD to issue group memberships claim** for the signed in user (groupMembershipClaims).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-129">**Request Azure AD to issue group memberships claim** for the signed in user (groupMembershipClaims).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-130">This can also be configured to issue claims about the user's directory roles memberships.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-130">This can also be configured to issue claims about the user's directory roles memberships.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-131">See the [Authorization in Cloud Applications using AD Groups][AAD-GROUPS-FOR-AUTHORIZATION] article for an implementation example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-131">See the [Authorization in Cloud Applications using AD Groups][AAD-GROUPS-FOR-AUTHORIZATION] article for an implementation example.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-132">**Allow your application to support OAuth 2.0 Implicit grant** flows (oauth2AllowImplicitFlow).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-132">**Allow your application to support OAuth 2.0 Implicit grant** flows (oauth2AllowImplicitFlow).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-133">This type of grant flow is used with embedded JavaScript web pages or Single Page Applications (SPA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-133">This type of grant flow is used with embedded JavaScript web pages or Single Page Applications (SPA).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-134">For more information on the implicit authorization grant, see [Understanding the OAuth2 implicit grant flow in Azure Active Directory][IMPLICIT-GRANT].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-134">For more information on the implicit authorization grant, see [Understanding the OAuth2 implicit grant flow in Azure Active Directory][IMPLICIT-GRANT].</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-135">**Enable use of X509 certificates as the secret key** (keyCredentials).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-135">**Enable use of X509 certificates as the secret key** (keyCredentials).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-136">See the [Build service and daemon apps in Office 365][O365-SERVICE-DAEMON-APPS] and [Developer’s guide to auth with Azure Resource Manager API][DEV-GUIDE-TO-AUTH-WITH-ARM] articles for implementation examples.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-136">See the [Build service and daemon apps in Office 365][O365-SERVICE-DAEMON-APPS] and [Developer’s guide to auth with Azure Resource Manager API][DEV-GUIDE-TO-AUTH-WITH-ARM] articles for implementation examples.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-137">**Add a new App ID URI** for your application (identifierURIs[]).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-137">**Add a new App ID URI** for your application (identifierURIs[]).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-138">App ID URIs are used to uniquely identify an application within its Azure AD tenant (or across multiple Azure AD tenants, for multi-tenant scenarios when qualified via verified custom domain).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-138">App ID URIs are used to uniquely identify an application within its Azure AD tenant (or across multiple Azure AD tenants, for multi-tenant scenarios when qualified via verified custom domain).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-139">They are used when requesting permissions to a resource application, or acquiring an access token for a resource application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-139">They are used when requesting permissions to a resource application, or acquiring an access token for a resource application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-140">When you update this element, the same update is made to the corresponding service principal's servicePrincipalNames[] collection, which lives in the application's home tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-140">When you update this element, the same update is made to the corresponding service principal's servicePrincipalNames[] collection, which lives in the application's home tenant.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-141">The application manifest also provides a good way to track the state of your application registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-141">The application manifest also provides a good way to track the state of your application registration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-142">Because it's available in JSON format, the file representation can be checked into your source control, along with your application's source code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-142">Because it's available in JSON format, the file representation can be checked into your source control, along with your application's source code.</span></span>

## <a name="step-by-step-example"></a><span data-ttu-id="f6d82-143">Step by step example</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-143">Step by step example</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-144">Now lets walk through the steps required to update your application's identity configuration through the application manifest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-144">Now lets walk through the steps required to update your application's identity configuration through the application manifest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-145">We will highlight one of the preceding examples, showing how to declare a new permission scope on a resource application:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-145">We will highlight one of the preceding examples, showing how to declare a new permission scope on a resource application:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-146">Sign in to the [Azure portal][AZURE-PORTAL].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-146">Sign in to the [Azure portal][AZURE-PORTAL].</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-147">After you've authenticated, choose your Azure AD tenant by selecting it from the top right corner of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-147">After you've authenticated, choose your Azure AD tenant by selecting it from the top right corner of the page.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-148">Select **Azure Active Directory** extension from the left navigation panel and click on **App Registrations**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-148">Select **Azure Active Directory** extension from the left navigation panel and click on **App Registrations**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-149">Find the application you want to update in the list and click on it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-149">Find the application you want to update in the list and click on it.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-150">From the application page, click **Manifest** to open the inline manifest editor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-150">From the application page, click **Manifest** to open the inline manifest editor.</span></span> 
6. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-151">You can directly edit the manifest using this editor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-151">You can directly edit the manifest using this editor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-152">Note that the manifest follows the schema for the [Application entity][APPLICATION-ENTITY] as we mentioned earlier: For example, assuming we want to implement/expose a new permission called "Employees.Read.All" on our resource application (API), you would simply add a new/second element to the oauth2Permissions collection, ie:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-152">Note that the manifest follows the schema for the [Application entity][APPLICATION-ENTITY] as we mentioned earlier: For example, assuming we want to implement/expose a new permission called "Employees.Read.All" on our resource application (API), you would simply add a new/second element to the oauth2Permissions collection, ie:</span></span>
   
        "oauth2Permissions": [
        {
        "adminConsentDescription": "Allow the application to access MyWebApplication on behalf of the signed-in user.",
        "adminConsentDisplayName": "Access MyWebApplication",
        "id": "aade5b35-ea3e-481c-b38d-cba4c78682a0",
        "isEnabled": true,
        "type": "User",
        "userConsentDescription": "Allow the application to access MyWebApplication on your behalf.",
        "userConsentDisplayName": "Access MyWebApplication",
        "value": "user_impersonation"
        },
        {
        "adminConsentDescription": "Allow the application to have read-only access to all Employee data.",
        "adminConsentDisplayName": "Read-only access to Employee records",
        "id": "2b351394-d7a7-4a84-841e-08a6a17e4cb8",
        "isEnabled": true,
        "type": "User",
        "userConsentDescription": "Allow the application to have read-only access to your Employee data.",
        "userConsentDisplayName": "Read-only access to your Employee records",
        "value": "Employees.Read.All"
        }
        ],
   
    <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-153">The entry must be unique, and you must therefore generate a new Globally Unique ID (GUID) for the `"id"` property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-153">The entry must be unique, and you must therefore generate a new Globally Unique ID (GUID) for the `"id"` property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-154">In this case, because we specified `"type": "User"`, this permission can be consented to by any account authenticated by the Azure AD tenant in which the resource/API application is registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-154">In this case, because we specified `"type": "User"`, this permission can be consented to by any account authenticated by the Azure AD tenant in which the resource/API application is registered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-155">This grants the client application permission to access it on the account's behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-155">This grants the client application permission to access it on the account's behalf.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-156">The description and display name strings are used during consent and for display in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-156">The description and display name strings are used during consent and for display in the Azure portal.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-157">When you're finished updating the manifest, click **Save** to save the manifest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-157">When you're finished updating the manifest, click **Save** to save the manifest.</span></span>  
   
<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-158">Now that the manifest is saved, you can give a registered client application access to the new permission we added above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-158">Now that the manifest is saved, you can give a registered client application access to the new permission we added above.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-159">This time you can use the Azure portal's Web UI instead of editing the client application's manifest:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-159">This time you can use the Azure portal's Web UI instead of editing the client application's manifest:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-160">First go to the **Settings** blade of the client application to which you wish to add access to the new API, click **Required Permissions** and choose **Select an API**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-160">First go to the **Settings** blade of the client application to which you wish to add access to the new API, click **Required Permissions** and choose **Select an API**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-161">Then you will be presented with the list of registered resource applications (APIs) in the tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-161">Then you will be presented with the list of registered resource applications (APIs) in the tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-162">Click the resource application to select it, or type the name of the application the search box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-162">Click the resource application to select it, or type the name of the application the search box.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-163">When you've found the application, click **Select**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-163">When you've found the application, click **Select**.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-164">This will take you to the **Select Permissions** page, which will show the list of Application Permissions and Delegated Permissions available for the resource application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-164">This will take you to the **Select Permissions** page, which will show the list of Application Permissions and Delegated Permissions available for the resource application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-165">Select the new permission in order to add it to the client's requested list of permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-165">Select the new permission in order to add it to the client's requested list of permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-166">This new permission will be stored in the client application's identity configuration, in the "requiredResourceAccess" collection property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-166">This new permission will be stored in the client application's identity configuration, in the "requiredResourceAccess" collection property.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-167">That's it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-167">That's it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-168">Now your applications will run using their new identity configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-168">Now your applications will run using their new identity configuration.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f6d82-169">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-169">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-170">For more details on the relationship between an application's Application and Service Principal object(s), see [Application and service principal objects in Azure AD][AAD-APP-OBJECTS].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-170">For more details on the relationship between an application's Application and Service Principal object(s), see [Application and service principal objects in Azure AD][AAD-APP-OBJECTS].</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f6d82-171">See the [Azure AD developer glossary][AAD-DEVELOPER-GLOSSARY] for definitions of some of the core Azure Active Directory (AD) developer concepts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-171">See the [Azure AD developer glossary][AAD-DEVELOPER-GLOSSARY] for definitions of some of the core Azure Active Directory (AD) developer concepts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f6d82-172">Please use the comments section below to provide feedback and help us refine and shape our content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f6d82-172">Please use the comments section below to provide feedback and help us refine and shape our content.</span></span>

<!--article references -->
[AAD-APP-OBJECTS]: active-directory-application-objects.md
[AAD-DEVELOPER-GLOSSARY]: active-directory-dev-glossary.md
[AAD-GROUPS-FOR-AUTHORIZATION]: http://www.dushyantgill.com/blog/2014/12/10/authorization-cloud-applications-using-ad-groups/
[ADD-UPD-RMV-APP]: active-directory-integrating-applications.md
[APPLICATION-ENTITY]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/entity-and-complex-type-reference#application-entity
[APPLICATION-ENTITY-APP-ROLE]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/entity-and-complex-type-reference#approle-type
[APPLICATION-ENTITY-OAUTH2-PERMISSION]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/entity-and-complex-type-reference#oauth2permission-type
[AZURE-PORTAL]: https://portal.azure.com
[DEV-GUIDE-TO-AUTH-WITH-ARM]: http://www.dushyantgill.com/blog/2015/05/23/developers-guide-to-auth-with-azure-resource-manager-api/
[GRAPH-API]: active-directory-graph-api.md
[IMPLICIT-GRANT]: active-directory-dev-understanding-oauth2-implicit-grant.md
[INTEGRATING-APPLICATIONS-AAD]: https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/active-directory-integrating-applications/
[O365-PERM-DETAILS]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/office/office365/HowTo/application-manifest
[O365-SERVICE-DAEMON-APPS]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/office/office365/howto/building-service-apps-in-office-365
[RBAC-CLOUD-APPS-AZUREAD]: http://www.dushyantgill.com/blog/2014/12/10/roles-based-access-control-in-cloud-applications-using-azure-ad/

