---
title: Azure Active Directory Graph API | Microsoft Docs
description: An overview and quickstart guide for the Graph API which allows programmatic access to Azure AD through REST API endpoints.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: PatAltimore
manager: mbaldwin
editor: mbaldwin
ms.assetid: 5471ad74-20b3-44df-a2b5-43cde2c0a045
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 01/07/2017
ms.author: mbaldwin
ms.openlocfilehash: f9a5e7a4e25ce5e7f63fe5a09fafeb6b4a8166ad
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551823"
---
# <a name="azure-active-directory-graph-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="89081-103">Azure Active Directory Graph API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-103">Azure Active Directory Graph API</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="89081-104">We strongly recommend that you use [Microsoft Graph](https://graph.microsoft.io/) instead of Azure AD Graph API to access Azure Active Directory resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-104">We strongly recommend that you use [Microsoft Graph](https://graph.microsoft.io/) instead of Azure AD Graph API to access Azure Active Directory resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-105">Our development efforts are now concentrated on Microsoft Graph and no further enhancements are planned for Azure AD Graph API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-105">Our development efforts are now concentrated on Microsoft Graph and no further enhancements are planned for Azure AD Graph API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-106">There are a very limited number of scenarios for which Azure AD Graph API might still be appropriate; for more information, see the [Microsoft Graph or the Azure AD Graph](https://dev.office.com/blogs/microsoft-graph-or-azure-ad-graph) blog post in the Office Dev Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-106">There are a very limited number of scenarios for which Azure AD Graph API might still be appropriate; for more information, see the [Microsoft Graph or the Azure AD Graph](https://dev.office.com/blogs/microsoft-graph-or-azure-ad-graph) blog post in the Office Dev Center.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="89081-107">The Azure Active Directory Graph API provides programmatic access to Azure AD through REST API endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-107">The Azure Active Directory Graph API provides programmatic access to Azure AD through REST API endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-108">Applications can use the Graph API to perform create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) operations on directory data and objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-108">Applications can use the Graph API to perform create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) operations on directory data and objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-109">For example, the Graph API supports the following common operations for a user object:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-109">For example, the Graph API supports the following common operations for a user object:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="89081-110">Create a new user in a directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-110">Create a new user in a directory</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-111">Get a user’s detailed properties, such as their groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-111">Get a user’s detailed properties, such as their groups</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-112">Update a user’s properties, such as their location and phone number, or change their password</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-112">Update a user’s properties, such as their location and phone number, or change their password</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-113">Check a user’s group membership for role-based access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-113">Check a user’s group membership for role-based access</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-114">Disable a user’s account or delete it entirely</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-114">Disable a user’s account or delete it entirely</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="89081-115">In addition to user objects, you can perform similar operations on other objects such as groups and applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-115">In addition to user objects, you can perform similar operations on other objects such as groups and applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-116">To call the Graph API on a directory, the application must be registered with Azure AD and be configured to allow access to the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-116">To call the Graph API on a directory, the application must be registered with Azure AD and be configured to allow access to the directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-117">This is normally achieved through a user or admin consent flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-117">This is normally achieved through a user or admin consent flow.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="89081-118">To begin using the Azure Active Directory Graph API, see the [Graph API Quickstart Guide](active-directory-graph-api-quickstart.md), or view the [interactive Graph API reference documentation](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/api-catalog).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-118">To begin using the Azure Active Directory Graph API, see the [Graph API Quickstart Guide](active-directory-graph-api-quickstart.md), or view the [interactive Graph API reference documentation](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/api-catalog).</span></span>

## <a name="features"></a><span data-ttu-id="89081-119">Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-119">Features</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="89081-120">The Graph API provides the following features:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-120">The Graph API provides the following features:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="89081-121">**REST API Endpoints**: The Graph API is a RESTful service comprised of endpoints that are accessed using standard HTTP requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-121">**REST API Endpoints**: The Graph API is a RESTful service comprised of endpoints that are accessed using standard HTTP requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-122">The Graph API supports XML or Javascript Object Notation (JSON) content types for requests and responses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-122">The Graph API supports XML or Javascript Object Notation (JSON) content types for requests and responses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-123">For more information, see [Azure AD Graph REST API Reference](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/api-catalog).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-123">For more information, see [Azure AD Graph REST API Reference](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/api-catalog).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-124">**Authentication with Azure AD**: Every request to the Graph API must be authenticated by appending a JSON Web Token (JWT) in the Authorization header of the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-124">**Authentication with Azure AD**: Every request to the Graph API must be authenticated by appending a JSON Web Token (JWT) in the Authorization header of the request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-125">This token is acquired by making a request to Azure AD’s token endpoint and providing valid credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-125">This token is acquired by making a request to Azure AD’s token endpoint and providing valid credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-126">You can use the OAuth 2.0 client credentials flow or the authorization code grant flow to acquire a token to call the Graph.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-126">You can use the OAuth 2.0 client credentials flow or the authorization code grant flow to acquire a token to call the Graph.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-127">For more information, [OAuth 2.0 in Azure AD](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn645545.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-127">For more information, [OAuth 2.0 in Azure AD](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn645545.aspx).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-128">**Role-Based Authorization (RBAC)**: Security groups are used to perform RBAC in the Graph API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-128">**Role-Based Authorization (RBAC)**: Security groups are used to perform RBAC in the Graph API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-129">For example, if you want to determine whether a user has access to a specific resource, the application can call the [Check Group Membership (transitive)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/groups-operations#FunctionsandactionsongroupsCheckmembershipinaspecificgrouptransitive) operation, which returns true or false.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-129">For example, if you want to determine whether a user has access to a specific resource, the application can call the [Check Group Membership (transitive)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/groups-operations#FunctionsandactionsongroupsCheckmembershipinaspecificgrouptransitive) operation, which returns true or false.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-130">**Differential Query**: If you want to check for changes in a directory between two time periods without having to make frequent queries to the Graph API, you can make a differential query request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-130">**Differential Query**: If you want to check for changes in a directory between two time periods without having to make frequent queries to the Graph API, you can make a differential query request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-131">This type of request will return only the changes made between the previous differential query request and the current request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-131">This type of request will return only the changes made between the previous differential query request and the current request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-132">For more information, see [Azure AD Graph API Differential Query](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/howto/azure-ad-graph-api-differential-query).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-132">For more information, see [Azure AD Graph API Differential Query](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/howto/azure-ad-graph-api-differential-query).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-133">**Directory Extensions**: If you are developing an application that needs to read or write unique properties for directory objects, you can register and use extension values by using the Graph API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-133">**Directory Extensions**: If you are developing an application that needs to read or write unique properties for directory objects, you can register and use extension values by using the Graph API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-134">For example, if your application requires a Skype ID property for each user, you can register the new property in the directory and it will be available on every user object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-134">For example, if your application requires a Skype ID property for each user, you can register the new property in the directory and it will be available on every user object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-135">For more information, see [Azure AD Graph API Directory Schema Extensions](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/howto/azure-ad-graph-api-directory-schema-extensions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-135">For more information, see [Azure AD Graph API Directory Schema Extensions](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/howto/azure-ad-graph-api-directory-schema-extensions).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-136">**Secured by permission scopes**: AAD Graph API exposes permission scopes that enable secure/consented access to AAD data, and support a variety of client app types, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-136">**Secured by permission scopes**: AAD Graph API exposes permission scopes that enable secure/consented access to AAD data, and support a variety of client app types, including:</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="89081-137">those with a user interface which are given delegated access to data via authorization from the signed-in user (delegated)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-137">those with a user interface which are given delegated access to data via authorization from the signed-in user (delegated)</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="89081-138">those that use application-define role-based access control such as service/daemon clients (app roles)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-138">those that use application-define role-based access control such as service/daemon clients (app roles)</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="89081-139">Both delegated and app role permission scopes represent a privilege exposed by the Graph API and can be requested by client applications through application registration permissions [features in the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-139">Both delegated and app role permission scopes represent a privilege exposed by the Graph API and can be requested by client applications through application registration permissions [features in the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-140">Clients can verify the permission scopes granted to them by inspecting the scope (“scp”) claim received in the access token for delegated permissions and the roles (“roles”) claim for app role permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-140">Clients can verify the permission scopes granted to them by inspecting the scope (“scp”) claim received in the access token for delegated permissions and the roles (“roles”) claim for app role permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-141">Learn more about [Azure AD Graph API Permission Scopes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/howto/azure-ad-graph-api-permission-scopes).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-141">Learn more about [Azure AD Graph API Permission Scopes](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/howto/azure-ad-graph-api-permission-scopes).</span></span>

## <a name="scenarios"></a><span data-ttu-id="89081-142">Scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-142">Scenarios</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="89081-143">The Graph API enables many application scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-143">The Graph API enables many application scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-144">The following scenarios are the most common:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-144">The following scenarios are the most common:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="89081-145">**Line of Business (Single Tenant) Application**: In this scenario, an enterprise developer works for an organization that has an Office 365 subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-145">**Line of Business (Single Tenant) Application**: In this scenario, an enterprise developer works for an organization that has an Office 365 subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-146">The developer is building a web application that interacts with Azure AD to perform tasks such assigning a license to a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-146">The developer is building a web application that interacts with Azure AD to perform tasks such assigning a license to a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-147">This task requires access to the Graph API, so the developer registers the single tenant application in Azure AD and configures read and write permissions for the Graph API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-147">This task requires access to the Graph API, so the developer registers the single tenant application in Azure AD and configures read and write permissions for the Graph API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-148">Then the application is configured to use either its own credentials or those of the currently sign-in user to acquire a token to call the Graph API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-148">Then the application is configured to use either its own credentials or those of the currently sign-in user to acquire a token to call the Graph API.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="89081-149">**Software as a Service Application (Multi-Tenant)**: In this scenario, an independent software vendor (ISV) is developing hosted multi-tenant web application that provides user management features for other organizations that use Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-149">**Software as a Service Application (Multi-Tenant)**: In this scenario, an independent software vendor (ISV) is developing hosted multi-tenant web application that provides user management features for other organizations that use Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-150">These features require access to directory objects, and so the application needs to call the Graph API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-150">These features require access to directory objects, and so the application needs to call the Graph API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-151">The developer registers the application in Azure AD, configures it to require read and write permissions for the Graph API, and then enables external access so that other organizations can consent to use the application in their directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-151">The developer registers the application in Azure AD, configures it to require read and write permissions for the Graph API, and then enables external access so that other organizations can consent to use the application in their directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-152">When a user in another organization authenticates to the application for the first time, they are shown a consent dialog with the permissions the application is requesting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-152">When a user in another organization authenticates to the application for the first time, they are shown a consent dialog with the permissions the application is requesting.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="89081-153">Granting consent will then give the application those requested permissions to the Graph API in the user’s directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-153">Granting consent will then give the application those requested permissions to the Graph API in the user’s directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="89081-154">For more information on the consent framework, see [Overview of the Consent Framework](active-directory-integrating-applications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-154">For more information on the consent framework, see [Overview of the Consent Framework](active-directory-integrating-applications.md).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="89081-155">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-155">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="89081-156">Azure AD Graph API Quickstart Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-156">Azure AD Graph API Quickstart Guide</span></span>](active-directory-graph-api-quickstart.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="89081-157">AD Graph REST documentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-157">AD Graph REST documentation</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/api-catalog)

[<span data-ttu-id="89081-158">Azure Active Directory developer's guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="89081-158">Azure Active Directory developer's guide</span></span>](active-directory-developers-guide.md)

