---
title: App Registration Portal Help Topics | Microsoft Docs
description: A description of various features in the Microsoft app registration portal.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: dstrockis
manager: mbaldwin
editor: ''
ms.assetid: f0507c28-9464-4d3e-bd53-de9053fd5278
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 09/16/2016
ms.author: dastrock
ms.openlocfilehash: 19d8d860e39139d3003c216659b7203e2482154e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549462"
---
# <a name="app-registration-reference"></a><span data-ttu-id="83c57-103">App registration reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-103">App registration reference</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83c57-104">This document provides context and descriptions of various features found in the Microsoft App Registration Portal [https://apps.dev.microsoft.com](https://apps.dev.microsoft.com/?referrer=https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles&deeplink=/appList).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-104">This document provides context and descriptions of various features found in the Microsoft App Registration Portal [https://apps.dev.microsoft.com](https://apps.dev.microsoft.com/?referrer=https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles&deeplink=/appList).</span></span>

## <a name="my-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="83c57-105">My Applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-105">My Applications</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83c57-106">This list contains all of your applications registered for use with the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-106">This list contains all of your applications registered for use with the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-107">These applications have the ability to sign in users with both personal accounts from Microsoft account and work/school accounts from Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-107">These applications have the ability to sign in users with both personal accounts from Microsoft account and work/school accounts from Azure Active Directory.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-108">To learn more about the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint, see our [v2.0 overview](active-directory-appmodel-v2-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-108">To learn more about the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint, see our [v2.0 overview](active-directory-appmodel-v2-overview.md).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-109">These applications can also be used to integrate with the Microsoft account authentication endpoint, `https://login.live.com`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-109">These applications can also be used to integrate with the Microsoft account authentication endpoint, `https://login.live.com`.</span></span>

## <a name="live-sdk-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="83c57-110">Live SDK Applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-110">Live SDK Applications</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83c57-111">This list contains all of your applications registered for use solely with Microsoft account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-111">This list contains all of your applications registered for use solely with Microsoft account.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-112">They are not enabled for use with Azure Active Directory whatsoever.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-112">They are not enabled for use with Azure Active Directory whatsoever.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-113">This is where you will find any applications that had previously been registered with the MSA developer portal at `https://account.live.com/developers/applications`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-113">This is where you will find any applications that had previously been registered with the MSA developer portal at `https://account.live.com/developers/applications`.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-114">All functions that you previously performed at `https://account.live.com/developers/applications` can now be performed in this new portal, `https://apps.dev.microsoft.com`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-114">All functions that you previously performed at `https://account.live.com/developers/applications` can now be performed in this new portal, `https://apps.dev.microsoft.com`.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-115">If you have any further questions about your Microsoft account applications, please contact us.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-115">If you have any further questions about your Microsoft account applications, please contact us.</span></span>

## <a name="application-secrets"></a><span data-ttu-id="83c57-116">Application Secrets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-116">Application Secrets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83c57-117">Application secrets are credentials that allow your application to perform reliable [client authentication](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.3) with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-117">Application secrets are credentials that allow your application to perform reliable [client authentication](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.3) with Azure AD.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-118">In OAuth & OpenID Connect, an application secrets is commonly referred to as a `client_secret`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-118">In OAuth & OpenID Connect, an application secrets is commonly referred to as a `client_secret`.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-119">In the v2.0 protocol, any application that receives a security token at a web addressable location (using an `https` scheme) must use an application secret to identify itself to Azure AD upon redemption of that security token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-119">In the v2.0 protocol, any application that receives a security token at a web addressable location (using an `https` scheme) must use an application secret to identify itself to Azure AD upon redemption of that security token.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-120">Furthermore, any native client that recieves tokens on a device will be forbidden from using an application secret to perform client authentication, to discourage the storage of secrets in insecure environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-120">Furthermore, any native client that recieves tokens on a device will be forbidden from using an application secret to perform client authentication, to discourage the storage of secrets in insecure environments.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83c57-121">Each app can contain two valid application secrets at any given point in time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-121">Each app can contain two valid application secrets at any given point in time.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-122">By maintaining two secrets, you have the ablilty to perform periodic key rollover across your application's entire environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-122">By maintaining two secrets, you have the ablilty to perform periodic key rollover across your application's entire environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-123">Once you have migrated the entirety of your application to a new secret, you may delete the old secret and provision a new one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-123">Once you have migrated the entirety of your application to a new secret, you may delete the old secret and provision a new one.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83c57-124">At this time, only two types of application secrets are permitted in the app registration portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-124">At this time, only two types of application secrets are permitted in the app registration portal.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-125">Choosing **Generate New Password** will generate and store a shared secret in the respective data store, which you can use in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-125">Choosing **Generate New Password** will generate and store a shared secret in the respective data store, which you can use in your application.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-126">Choosing **Generate New Key Pair** will create a new public/private key pair that can be downloaded and used for client authentication to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-126">Choosing **Generate New Key Pair** will create a new public/private key pair that can be downloaded and used for client authentication to Azure AD.</span></span>

## <a name="profile"></a><span data-ttu-id="83c57-127">Profile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-127">Profile</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83c57-128">The profile section of the app registration portal can be used to customize the sign in page for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-128">The profile section of the app registration portal can be used to customize the sign in page for your application.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-129">At this time you can alter the sign in page's application logo, terms of service URL, and privacy statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-129">At this time you can alter the sign in page's application logo, terms of service URL, and privacy statement.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-130">The logo must be a transparent 48 x 48 or 50 x 50 pixel image in a GIF, PNG or JPEG file that is 15 KB or smaller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-130">The logo must be a transparent 48 x 48 or 50 x 50 pixel image in a GIF, PNG or JPEG file that is 15 KB or smaller.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-131">Try changing the values and viewing the resulting sign in page!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-131">Try changing the values and viewing the resulting sign in page!</span></span>

## <a name="live-sdk-support"></a><span data-ttu-id="83c57-132">Live SDK Support</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-132">Live SDK Support</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83c57-133">When you enable "Live SDK Support", any application secrets you create will be provisioned into both the Azure AD and Microsoft Account data stores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-133">When you enable "Live SDK Support", any application secrets you create will be provisioned into both the Azure AD and Microsoft Account data stores.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-134">This will allow your application to integrate directly with the Microsoft Account service (login.live.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-134">This will allow your application to integrate directly with the Microsoft Account service (login.live.com).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-135">If you wish to build an app using Microsoft Account directly (as opposed to using the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint), you should make sure that Live SDK Support is enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-135">If you wish to build an app using Microsoft Account directly (as opposed to using the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint), you should make sure that Live SDK Support is enabled.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83c57-136">Disabling Live SDK support will ensure that the application secret is only written into the Azure AD data store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-136">Disabling Live SDK support will ensure that the application secret is only written into the Azure AD data store.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-137">The Azure AD data store incorporates enterprise-grade regulations that allow it to meet certain standards, such as FISMA compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-137">The Azure AD data store incorporates enterprise-grade regulations that allow it to meet certain standards, such as FISMA compliance.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="83c57-138">If you enable Live SDK support, your application may not achieve compliance with some of these standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-138">If you enable Live SDK support, your application may not achieve compliance with some of these standards.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83c57-139">If you only ever plan to use the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint, you can safely disable Live SDK support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83c57-139">If you only ever plan to use the Azure AD v2.0 endpoint, you can safely disable Live SDK support.</span></span>

