---
title: How to Integrate with Azure Active Directory | Microsoft Docs
description: A guide to benefits of and resources for integration with Azure Active Directory.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: dev-center-name
author: bryanla
manager: mbaldwin
editor: ''
ms.assetid: d13bba54-96bd-4b81-bee9-c8025ffa1648
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 01/07/2017
ms.author: mbaldwin
ms.openlocfilehash: e8a092bc398e314a111973b6978012909aedc16e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44564063"
---
# <a name="integrating-with-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-103">Integrating with Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-103">Integrating with Azure Active Directory</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [active-directory-devguide](../../../includes/active-directory-devguide.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-104">Azure Active Directory provides organizations with enterprise-grade identity management for cloud applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-104">Azure Active Directory provides organizations with enterprise-grade identity management for cloud applications.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-105">Azure AD integration gives your users a streamlined sign-in experience, and helps your application conform to IT policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-105">Azure AD integration gives your users a streamlined sign-in experience, and helps your application conform to IT policy.</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-integrate"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-106">How To Integrate</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-106">How To Integrate</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-107">There are several ways for your application to integrate with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-107">There are several ways for your application to integrate with Azure AD.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-108">Take advantage of as many or as few of these scenarios as is appropriate for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-108">Take advantage of as many or as few of these scenarios as is appropriate for your application.</span></span>

### <a name="support-azure-ad-as-a-way-to-sign-in-to-your-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-109">Support Azure AD as a Way to Sign In to Your Application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-109">Support Azure AD as a Way to Sign In to Your Application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-110">**Reduce sign in friction and reduce support costs.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-110">**Reduce sign in friction and reduce support costs.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-111">By using Azure AD to sign in to your application, your users won't have one more name and password to remember.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-111">By using Azure AD to sign in to your application, your users won't have one more name and password to remember.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-112">As a developer, you'll have one less password to store and protect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-112">As a developer, you'll have one less password to store and protect.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-113">Not having to handle forgotten password resets may be a significant savings alone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-113">Not having to handle forgotten password resets may be a significant savings alone.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-114">Azure AD powers sign in for some of the world's most popular cloud applications, including Office 365 and Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-114">Azure AD powers sign in for some of the world's most popular cloud applications, including Office 365 and Microsoft Azure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-115">With hundreds of millions users from millions of organizations, chances are your user is already signed in to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-115">With hundreds of millions users from millions of organizations, chances are your user is already signed in to Azure AD.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-116">Learn more about [adding support for Azure AD sign in](active-directory-authentication-scenarios.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-116">Learn more about [adding support for Azure AD sign in](active-directory-authentication-scenarios.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-117">**Simplify sign up for your application.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-117">**Simplify sign up for your application.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-118">During sign up for your application, Azure AD can send essential information about a user so that you can pre-fill your sign up form or eliminate it completely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-118">During sign up for your application, Azure AD can send essential information about a user so that you can pre-fill your sign up form or eliminate it completely.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-119">Users can sign up for your application using their Azure AD account via a familiar consent experience similar to those found in social media and mobile applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-119">Users can sign up for your application using their Azure AD account via a familiar consent experience similar to those found in social media and mobile applications.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-120">Any user can sign up and sign in to an application that is integrated with Azure AD without requiring IT involvement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-120">Any user can sign up and sign in to an application that is integrated with Azure AD without requiring IT involvement.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-121">Learn more about [signing-up your application for Azure AD Account login](../../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-how-to-configure-active-directory-authentication.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-121">Learn more about [signing-up your application for Azure AD Account login](../../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-how-to-configure-active-directory-authentication.md).</span></span>

### <a name="browse-for-users-manage-user-provisioning-and-control-access-to-your-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-122">Browse for Users, Manage User Provisioning, and Control Access to Your Application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-122">Browse for Users, Manage User Provisioning, and Control Access to Your Application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-123">**Browse for users in the directory.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-123">**Browse for users in the directory.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-124">Use the Graph API to help users search and browse for other people in their organization when inviting others or granting access, instead of requiring them to type email addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-124">Use the Graph API to help users search and browse for other people in their organization when inviting others or granting access, instead of requiring them to type email addresses.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-125">Users can browse using a familiar address book style interface, including viewing the details of the organizational hierarchy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-125">Users can browse using a familiar address book style interface, including viewing the details of the organizational hierarchy.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-126">Learn more about the [Graph API](active-directory-graph-api.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-126">Learn more about the [Graph API](active-directory-graph-api.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-127">**Re-use Active Directory groups and distribution lists your customer is already managing.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-127">**Re-use Active Directory groups and distribution lists your customer is already managing.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-128">Azure AD contains the groups that your customer is already using for email distribution and managing access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-128">Azure AD contains the groups that your customer is already using for email distribution and managing access.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-129">Using the Graph API, re-use these groups instead of requiring your customer to create and manage a separate set of groups in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-129">Using the Graph API, re-use these groups instead of requiring your customer to create and manage a separate set of groups in your application.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-130">Group information can also be sent to your application in sign in tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-130">Group information can also be sent to your application in sign in tokens.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-131">Learn more about the [Graph API](active-directory-graph-api.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-131">Learn more about the [Graph API](active-directory-graph-api.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-132">**Use Azure AD to control who has access to your application.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-132">**Use Azure AD to control who has access to your application.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-133">Administrators and application owners in Azure AD can assign access to applications to specific users and groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-133">Administrators and application owners in Azure AD can assign access to applications to specific users and groups.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-134">Using the Graph API, you can read this list and use it to control provisioning and de-provisioning of resources and access within your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-134">Using the Graph API, you can read this list and use it to control provisioning and de-provisioning of resources and access within your application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-135">**Use Azure AD for Roles Based Access Control.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-135">**Use Azure AD for Roles Based Access Control.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-136">Administrators and application owners can assign users and groups to roles that you define when you register your application in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-136">Administrators and application owners can assign users and groups to roles that you define when you register your application in Azure AD.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-137">Role information is sent to your application in sign in tokens and can also be read using the Graph API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-137">Role information is sent to your application in sign in tokens and can also be read using the Graph API.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-138">Learn more about [using Azure AD for authorization](http://blogs.technet.com/b/ad/archive/2014/12/18/azure-active-directory-now-with-group-claims-and-application-roles.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-138">Learn more about [using Azure AD for authorization](http://blogs.technet.com/b/ad/archive/2014/12/18/azure-active-directory-now-with-group-claims-and-application-roles.aspx).</span></span>

### <a name="get-access-to-users-profile-calendar-email-contacts-files-and-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-139">Get Access to User's Profile, Calendar, Email, Contacts, Files, and More</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-139">Get Access to User's Profile, Calendar, Email, Contacts, Files, and More</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-140">**Azure AD is the authorization server for Office 365 and other Microsoft business services.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-140">**Azure AD is the authorization server for Office 365 and other Microsoft business services.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-141">If you support Azure AD for sign in to your application or support linking your current user accounts to Azure AD user accounts using OAuth 2.0, you can request read and write access to a user's profile, calendar, email, contacts, files, and other information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-141">If you support Azure AD for sign in to your application or support linking your current user accounts to Azure AD user accounts using OAuth 2.0, you can request read and write access to a user's profile, calendar, email, contacts, files, and other information.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-142">You can seamlessly write events to user's calendar, and read or write files to their OneDrive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-142">You can seamlessly write events to user's calendar, and read or write files to their OneDrive.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-143">Learn more about [accessing the Office 365 APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/office/office365/howto/platform-development-overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-143">Learn more about [accessing the Office 365 APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/office/office365/howto/platform-development-overview).</span></span>

### <a name="promote-your-application-in-the-azure-and-office-365-marketplaces"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-144">Promote Your Application in the Azure and Office 365 Marketplaces</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-144">Promote Your Application in the Azure and Office 365 Marketplaces</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-145">**Promote your application to the millions of organizations who are already using Azure AD.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-145">**Promote your application to the millions of organizations who are already using Azure AD.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-146">Users who search and browse these marketplaces are already using one or more cloud services, making them qualified cloud service customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-146">Users who search and browse these marketplaces are already using one or more cloud services, making them qualified cloud service customers.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-147">Learn more about promoting your application in [the Azure Marketplace](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partner-program/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-147">Learn more about promoting your application in [the Azure Marketplace](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partner-program/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-148">**When users sign up for your application, it will appear in their Azure AD access panel and Office 365 app launcher.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-148">**When users sign up for your application, it will appear in their Azure AD access panel and Office 365 app launcher.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-149">Users will be able to quickly and easily return to your application later, improving user engagement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-149">Users will be able to quickly and easily return to your application later, improving user engagement.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-150">Learn more about the [Azure AD access panel](../active-directory-saas-access-panel-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-150">Learn more about the [Azure AD access panel](../active-directory-saas-access-panel-introduction.md).</span></span>

### <a name="secure-device-to-service-and-service-to-service-communication"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-151">Secure Device-to-Service and Service-to-Service Communication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-151">Secure Device-to-Service and Service-to-Service Communication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-152">**Using Azure AD for identity management of services and devices reduces the code you need to write and enables IT to manage access.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-152">**Using Azure AD for identity management of services and devices reduces the code you need to write and enables IT to manage access.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-153">Services and devices can get tokens from Azure AD using OAuth and use those tokens to access web APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-153">Services and devices can get tokens from Azure AD using OAuth and use those tokens to access web APIs.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-154">Using Azure AD you can avoid writing complex authentication code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-154">Using Azure AD you can avoid writing complex authentication code.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-155">Since the identities of the services and devices are stored in Azure AD, IT can manage keys and revocation in one place instead of having to do this separately in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-155">Since the identities of the services and devices are stored in Azure AD, IT can manage keys and revocation in one place instead of having to do this separately in your application.</span></span>

## <a name="benefits-of-integration"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-156">Benefits of Integration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-156">Benefits of Integration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-157">Integration with Azure AD comes with benefits that do not require you to write additional code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-157">Integration with Azure AD comes with benefits that do not require you to write additional code.</span></span>

### <a name="integration-with-enterprise-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-158">Integration with Enterprise Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-158">Integration with Enterprise Identity Management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-159">**Help your application comply with IT policies.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-159">**Help your application comply with IT policies.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-160">Organizations integrate their enterprise identity management systems with Azure AD, so when a person leaves an organization, they will automatically lose access to your application without IT needing to take extra steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-160">Organizations integrate their enterprise identity management systems with Azure AD, so when a person leaves an organization, they will automatically lose access to your application without IT needing to take extra steps.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-161">IT can manage who can access your application and determine what access policies are required - for example multi-factor authentication - reducing your need to write code to comply with complex corporate policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-161">IT can manage who can access your application and determine what access policies are required - for example multi-factor authentication - reducing your need to write code to comply with complex corporate policies.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-162">Azure AD provides administrators with a detailed audit log of who signed in to your application so IT can track usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-162">Azure AD provides administrators with a detailed audit log of who signed in to your application so IT can track usage.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-163">**Azure AD extends Active Directory to the cloud so that your application can integrate with AD.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-163">**Azure AD extends Active Directory to the cloud so that your application can integrate with AD.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-164">Many organizations around the world use Active Directory as their principal sign-in and identity management system, and require their applications to work with AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-164">Many organizations around the world use Active Directory as their principal sign-in and identity management system, and require their applications to work with AD.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-165">Integrating with Azure AD integrates your app with Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-165">Integrating with Azure AD integrates your app with Active Directory.</span></span>

### <a name="advanced-security-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-166">Advanced Security Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-166">Advanced Security Features</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-167">**Multi-factor authentication.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-167">**Multi-factor authentication.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-168">Azure AD provides native multi-factor authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-168">Azure AD provides native multi-factor authentication.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-169">IT administrators can require multi-factor authentication to access your application, so that you do not have to code this support yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-169">IT administrators can require multi-factor authentication to access your application, so that you do not have to code this support yourself.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-170">Learn more about [Multi-Factor Authentication](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/multi-factor-authentication/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-170">Learn more about [Multi-Factor Authentication](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/multi-factor-authentication/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-171">**Anomalous sign in detection.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-171">**Anomalous sign in detection.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-172">Azure AD processes more than a billion sign-ins a day, while using machine learning algorithms to detect suspicious activity and notify IT administrators of possible problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-172">Azure AD processes more than a billion sign-ins a day, while using machine learning algorithms to detect suspicious activity and notify IT administrators of possible problems.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-173">By supporting Azure AD sign-in, your application gets the benefit of this protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-173">By supporting Azure AD sign-in, your application gets the benefit of this protection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-174">Learn more about [viewing Azure Active Directory access report](../active-directory-view-access-usage-reports.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-174">Learn more about [viewing Azure Active Directory access report](../active-directory-view-access-usage-reports.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-175">**Conditional access.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-175">**Conditional access.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-176">In addition to multi-factor authentication, administrators can require specific conditions be met before users can sign-in to your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-176">In addition to multi-factor authentication, administrators can require specific conditions be met before users can sign-in to your application.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-177">Conditions that can be set include the IP address range of client devices, membership in specified groups, and the state of the device being used for access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-177">Conditions that can be set include the IP address range of client devices, membership in specified groups, and the state of the device being used for access.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-178">Learn more about [Azure Active Directory conditional access](../active-directory-conditional-access.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-178">Learn more about [Azure Active Directory conditional access](../active-directory-conditional-access.md).</span></span>

### <a name="easy-development"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-179">Easy Development</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-179">Easy Development</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-180">**Industry standard protocols.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-180">**Industry standard protocols.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-181">Microsoft is committed to supporting industry standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-181">Microsoft is committed to supporting industry standards.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-182">Azure AD supports the SAML 2.0, OpenID Connect 1.0, OAuth 2.0, and WS-Federation 1.2 authentication protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-182">Azure AD supports the SAML 2.0, OpenID Connect 1.0, OAuth 2.0, and WS-Federation 1.2 authentication protocols.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-183">The Graph API is OData 4.0 compliant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-183">The Graph API is OData 4.0 compliant.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-184">If your application already supports the SAML 2.0 or OpenID Connect 1.0 protocols for federated sign in, adding support for Azure AD can be straightforward.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-184">If your application already supports the SAML 2.0 or OpenID Connect 1.0 protocols for federated sign in, adding support for Azure AD can be straightforward.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-185">Learn more about [Azure AD supported authentication protocols](active-directory-authentication-protocols.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-185">Learn more about [Azure AD supported authentication protocols](active-directory-authentication-protocols.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-186">**Open source libraries.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-186">**Open source libraries.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-187">Microsoft provides fully supported open source libraries for popular languages and platforms to speed development.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-187">Microsoft provides fully supported open source libraries for popular languages and platforms to speed development.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-188">The source code is licensed under Apache 2.0, and you are free to fork and contribute back to the projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-188">The source code is licensed under Apache 2.0, and you are free to fork and contribute back to the projects.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-189">Learn more about [Azure AD authentication libraries](active-directory-authentication-libraries.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-189">Learn more about [Azure AD authentication libraries](active-directory-authentication-libraries.md).</span></span>

### <a name="worldwide-presence-and-high-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-190">Worldwide Presence and High Availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-190">Worldwide Presence and High Availability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-191">**Azure AD is deployed in datacenters around the world and is managed and monitored around the clock.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-191">**Azure AD is deployed in datacenters around the world and is managed and monitored around the clock.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-192">Azure AD is the identity management system for Microsoft Azure and Office 365 and is deployed in 28 datacenters around the world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-192">Azure AD is the identity management system for Microsoft Azure and Office 365 and is deployed in 28 datacenters around the world.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-193">Directory data is guaranteed to be replicated to at least three datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-193">Directory data is guaranteed to be replicated to at least three datacenters.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3cddf-194">Global load balancers ensure users access the closest copy of Azure AD containing their data, and automatically re-route requests to other datacenters if a problem is detected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-194">Global load balancers ensure users access the closest copy of Azure AD containing their data, and automatically re-route requests to other datacenters if a problem is detected.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="3cddf-195">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-195">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-196">[Get started writing code](active-directory-developers-guide.md#getting-started).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-196">[Get started writing code](active-directory-developers-guide.md#getting-started).</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="3cddf-197">Sign Users In Using Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3cddf-197">Sign Users In Using Azure AD</span></span>](active-directory-authentication-scenarios.md)

