---
title: Azure Active Directory developer glossary | Microsoft Docs
description: A list of terms for commonly used Azure Active Directory developer concepts and features.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: CelesteDG
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 551512df-46fb-4219-a14b-9c9fc23998ba
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: develop
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 11/16/2017
ms.author: celested
ms.custom: aaddev
ms.reviewer: elisol
ms.openlocfilehash: 40f6664ab91e49b2c136e6db00f823de571b6d55
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44967942"
---
# <a name="azure-active-directory-developer-glossary"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-103">Azure Active Directory developer glossary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-103">Azure Active Directory developer glossary</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-104">This article contains definitions for some of the core Azure Active Directory (AD) developer concepts, which are helpful when learning about application development for Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-104">This article contains definitions for some of the core Azure Active Directory (AD) developer concepts, which are helpful when learning about application development for Azure AD.</span></span>

## <a name="access-token"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-105">access token</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-105">access token</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-106">A type of [security token](#security-token) issued by an [authorization server](#authorization-server), and used by a [client application](#client-application) in order to access a [protected resource server](#resource-server).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-106">A type of [security token](#security-token) issued by an [authorization server](#authorization-server), and used by a [client application](#client-application) in order to access a [protected resource server](#resource-server).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-107">Typically in the form of a [JSON Web Token (JWT)][JWT], the token embodies the authorization granted to the client by the [resource owner](#resource-owner), for a requested level of access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-107">Typically in the form of a [JSON Web Token (JWT)][JWT], the token embodies the authorization granted to the client by the [resource owner](#resource-owner), for a requested level of access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-108">The token contains all applicable [claims](#claim) about the subject, enabling the client application to use it as a form of credential when accessing a given resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-108">The token contains all applicable [claims](#claim) about the subject, enabling the client application to use it as a form of credential when accessing a given resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-109">This also eliminates the need for the resource owner to expose credentials to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-109">This also eliminates the need for the resource owner to expose credentials to the client.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-110">Access tokens are sometimes referred to as "User+App" or "App-Only", depending on the credentials being represented.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-110">Access tokens are sometimes referred to as "User+App" or "App-Only", depending on the credentials being represented.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-111">For example, when a client application uses the:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-111">For example, when a client application uses the:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-112">["Authorization code" authorization grant](#authorization-grant), the end user authenticates first as the resource owner, delegating authorization to the client to access the resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-112">["Authorization code" authorization grant](#authorization-grant), the end user authenticates first as the resource owner, delegating authorization to the client to access the resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-113">The client authenticates afterward when obtaining the access token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-113">The client authenticates afterward when obtaining the access token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-114">The token can sometimes be referred to more specifically as a "User+App" token, as it represents both the user that authorized the client application, and the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-114">The token can sometimes be referred to more specifically as a "User+App" token, as it represents both the user that authorized the client application, and the application.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-115">["Client credentials" authorization grant](#authorization-grant), the client provides the sole authentication, functioning without the resource-owner's authentication/authorization, so the token can sometimes be referred to as an "App-Only" token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-115">["Client credentials" authorization grant](#authorization-grant), the client provides the sole authentication, functioning without the resource-owner's authentication/authorization, so the token can sometimes be referred to as an "App-Only" token.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-116">See [Azure AD Token Reference][AAD-Tokens-Claims] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-116">See [Azure AD Token Reference][AAD-Tokens-Claims] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="application-id-client-id"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-117">application id (client id)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-117">application id (client id)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-118">The unique identifier Azure AD issues to an application registration that identifies a specific application and the associated configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-118">The unique identifier Azure AD issues to an application registration that identifies a specific application and the associated configurations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-119">This application id ([client id](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#page-15)) is used when performing authentication requests and is provided to the authentication libraries in development time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-119">This application id ([client id](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#page-15)) is used when performing authentication requests and is provided to the authentication libraries in development time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-120">The application id (client id) is not a secret.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-120">The application id (client id) is not a secret.</span></span> 

## <a name="application-manifest"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-121">application manifest</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-121">application manifest</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-122">A feature provided by the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], which produces a JSON representation of the application's identity configuration, used as a mechanism for updating its associated [Application][AAD-Graph-App-Entity] and [ServicePrincipal][AAD-Graph-Sp-Entity] entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-122">A feature provided by the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], which produces a JSON representation of the application's identity configuration, used as a mechanism for updating its associated [Application][AAD-Graph-App-Entity] and [ServicePrincipal][AAD-Graph-Sp-Entity] entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-123">See [Understanding the Azure Active Directory application manifest][AAD-App-Manifest] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-123">See [Understanding the Azure Active Directory application manifest][AAD-App-Manifest] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="application-object"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-124">application object</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-124">application object</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-125">When you register/update an application in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], the portal creates/updates both an application object and a corresponding [service principal object](#service-principal-object) for that tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-125">When you register/update an application in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], the portal creates/updates both an application object and a corresponding [service principal object](#service-principal-object) for that tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-126">The application object *defines* the application's identity configuration globally (across all tenants where it has access), providing a template from which its corresponding service principal object(s) are *derived* for use locally at run-time (in a specific tenant).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-126">The application object *defines* the application's identity configuration globally (across all tenants where it has access), providing a template from which its corresponding service principal object(s) are *derived* for use locally at run-time (in a specific tenant).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-127">For more information, see [Application and Service Principal Objects][AAD-App-SP-Objects].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-127">For more information, see [Application and Service Principal Objects][AAD-App-SP-Objects].</span></span>

## <a name="application-registration"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-128">application registration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-128">application registration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-129">In order to allow an application to integrate with and delegate Identity and Access Management functions to Azure AD, it must be registered with an Azure AD [tenant](#tenant).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-129">In order to allow an application to integrate with and delegate Identity and Access Management functions to Azure AD, it must be registered with an Azure AD [tenant](#tenant).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-130">When you register your application with Azure AD, you are providing an identity configuration for your application, allowing it to integrate with Azure AD and use features such as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-130">When you register your application with Azure AD, you are providing an identity configuration for your application, allowing it to integrate with Azure AD and use features such as:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-131">Robust management of Single Sign-On using Azure AD Identity Management and [OpenID Connect][OpenIDConnect] protocol implementation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-131">Robust management of Single Sign-On using Azure AD Identity Management and [OpenID Connect][OpenIDConnect] protocol implementation</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-132">Brokered access to [protected resources](#resource-server) by [client applications](#client-application), via Azure AD's OAuth 2.0 [authorization server](#authorization-server) implementation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-132">Brokered access to [protected resources](#resource-server) by [client applications](#client-application), via Azure AD's OAuth 2.0 [authorization server](#authorization-server) implementation</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-133">[Consent framework](#consent) for managing client access to protected resources, based on resource owner authorization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-133">[Consent framework](#consent) for managing client access to protected resources, based on resource owner authorization.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-134">See [Integrating applications with Azure Active Directory][AAD-Integrating-Apps] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-134">See [Integrating applications with Azure Active Directory][AAD-Integrating-Apps] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-135">authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-135">authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-136">The act of challenging a party for legitimate credentials, providing the basis for creation of a security principal to be used for identity and access control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-136">The act of challenging a party for legitimate credentials, providing the basis for creation of a security principal to be used for identity and access control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-137">During an [OAuth2 authorization grant](#authorization-grant) for example, the party authenticating is filling the role of either [resource owner](#resource-owner) or [client application](#client-application), depending on the grant used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-137">During an [OAuth2 authorization grant](#authorization-grant) for example, the party authenticating is filling the role of either [resource owner](#resource-owner) or [client application](#client-application), depending on the grant used.</span></span>

## <a name="authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-138">authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-138">authorization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-139">The act of granting an authenticated security principal permission to do something.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-139">The act of granting an authenticated security principal permission to do something.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-140">There are two primary use cases in the Azure AD programming model:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-140">There are two primary use cases in the Azure AD programming model:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-141">During an [OAuth2 authorization grant](#authorization-grant) flow: when the [resource owner](#resource-owner) grants authorization to the [client application](#client-application), allowing the client to access the resource owner's resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-141">During an [OAuth2 authorization grant](#authorization-grant) flow: when the [resource owner](#resource-owner) grants authorization to the [client application](#client-application), allowing the client to access the resource owner's resources.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-142">During resource access by the client: as implemented by the [resource server](#resource-server), using the [claim](#claim) values present in the [access token](#access-token) to make access control decisions based upon them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-142">During resource access by the client: as implemented by the [resource server](#resource-server), using the [claim](#claim) values present in the [access token](#access-token) to make access control decisions based upon them.</span></span>

## <a name="authorization-code"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-143">authorization code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-143">authorization code</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-144">A short lived "token" provided to a [client application](#client-application) by the [authorization endpoint](#authorization-endpoint), as part of the "authorization code" flow, one of the four OAuth2 [authorization grants](#authorization-grant).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-144">A short lived "token" provided to a [client application](#client-application) by the [authorization endpoint](#authorization-endpoint), as part of the "authorization code" flow, one of the four OAuth2 [authorization grants](#authorization-grant).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-145">The code is returned to the client application in response to authentication of a [resource owner](#resource-owner), indicating the resource owner has delegated authorization to access the requested resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-145">The code is returned to the client application in response to authentication of a [resource owner](#resource-owner), indicating the resource owner has delegated authorization to access the requested resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-146">As part of the flow, the code is later redeemed for an [access token](#access-token).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-146">As part of the flow, the code is later redeemed for an [access token](#access-token).</span></span>

## <a name="authorization-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-147">authorization endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-147">authorization endpoint</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-148">One of the endpoints implemented by the [authorization server](#authorization-server), used to interact with the [resource owner](#resource-owner) in order to provide an [authorization grant](#authorization-grant) during an OAuth2 authorization grant flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-148">One of the endpoints implemented by the [authorization server](#authorization-server), used to interact with the [resource owner](#resource-owner) in order to provide an [authorization grant](#authorization-grant) during an OAuth2 authorization grant flow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-149">Depending on the authorization grant flow used, the actual grant provided can vary, including an [authorization code](#authorization-code) or [security token](#security-token).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-149">Depending on the authorization grant flow used, the actual grant provided can vary, including an [authorization code](#authorization-code) or [security token](#security-token).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-150">See the OAuth2 specification's [authorization grant types][OAuth2-AuthZ-Grant-Types] and [authorization endpoint][OAuth2-AuthZ-Endpoint] sections, and the [OpenIDConnect specification][OpenIDConnect-AuthZ-Endpoint] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-150">See the OAuth2 specification's [authorization grant types][OAuth2-AuthZ-Grant-Types] and [authorization endpoint][OAuth2-AuthZ-Endpoint] sections, and the [OpenIDConnect specification][OpenIDConnect-AuthZ-Endpoint] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="authorization-grant"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-151">authorization grant</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-151">authorization grant</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-152">A credential representing the [resource owner's](#resource-owner) [authorization](#authorization) to access its protected resources, granted to a [client application](#client-application).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-152">A credential representing the [resource owner's](#resource-owner) [authorization](#authorization) to access its protected resources, granted to a [client application](#client-application).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-153">A client application can use one of the [four grant types defined by the OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-AuthZ-Grant-Types] to obtain a grant, depending on client type/requirements: "authorization code grant", "client credentials grant", "implicit grant", and "resource owner password credentials grant".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-153">A client application can use one of the [four grant types defined by the OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-AuthZ-Grant-Types] to obtain a grant, depending on client type/requirements: "authorization code grant", "client credentials grant", "implicit grant", and "resource owner password credentials grant".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-154">The credential returned to the client is either an [access token](#access-token), or an [authorization code](#authorization-code) (exchanged later for an access token), depending on the type of authorization grant used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-154">The credential returned to the client is either an [access token](#access-token), or an [authorization code](#authorization-code) (exchanged later for an access token), depending on the type of authorization grant used.</span></span>

## <a name="authorization-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-155">authorization server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-155">authorization server</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-156">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], the server responsible for issuing access tokens to the [client](#client-application) after successfully authenticating the [resource owner](#resource-owner) and obtaining its authorization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-156">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], the server responsible for issuing access tokens to the [client](#client-application) after successfully authenticating the [resource owner](#resource-owner) and obtaining its authorization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-157">A [client application](#client-application) interacts with the authorization server at runtime via its [authorization](#authorization-endpoint) and [token](#token-endpoint) endpoints, in accordance with the OAuth2 defined [authorization grants](#authorization-grant).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-157">A [client application](#client-application) interacts with the authorization server at runtime via its [authorization](#authorization-endpoint) and [token](#token-endpoint) endpoints, in accordance with the OAuth2 defined [authorization grants](#authorization-grant).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-158">In the case of Azure AD application integration, Azure AD implements the authorization server role for Azure AD applications and Microsoft service APIs, for example [Microsoft Graph APIs][Microsoft-Graph].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-158">In the case of Azure AD application integration, Azure AD implements the authorization server role for Azure AD applications and Microsoft service APIs, for example [Microsoft Graph APIs][Microsoft-Graph].</span></span>

## <a name="claim"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-159">claim</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-159">claim</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-160">A [security token](#security-token) contains claims, which provide assertions about one entity (such as a [client application](#client-application) or [resource owner](#resource-owner)) to another entity (such as the [resource server](#resource-server)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-160">A [security token](#security-token) contains claims, which provide assertions about one entity (such as a [client application](#client-application) or [resource owner](#resource-owner)) to another entity (such as the [resource server](#resource-server)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-161">Claims are name/value pairs that relay facts about the token subject (for example, the security principal that was authenticated by the [authorization server](#authorization-server)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-161">Claims are name/value pairs that relay facts about the token subject (for example, the security principal that was authenticated by the [authorization server](#authorization-server)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-162">The claims present in a given token are dependent upon several variables, including the type of token, the type of credential used to authenticate the subject, the application configuration, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-162">The claims present in a given token are dependent upon several variables, including the type of token, the type of credential used to authenticate the subject, the application configuration, etc.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-163">See [Azure AD token reference][AAD-Tokens-Claims] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-163">See [Azure AD token reference][AAD-Tokens-Claims] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="client-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-164">client application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-164">client application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-165">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], an application that makes protected resource requests on behalf of the [resource owner](#resource-owner).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-165">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], an application that makes protected resource requests on behalf of the [resource owner](#resource-owner).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-166">The term "client" does not imply any particular hardware implementation characteristics (for instance, whether the application executes on a server, a desktop, or other devices).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-166">The term "client" does not imply any particular hardware implementation characteristics (for instance, whether the application executes on a server, a desktop, or other devices).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-167">A client application requests [authorization](#authorization) from a resource owner to participate in an [OAuth2 authorization grant](#authorization-grant) flow, and may access APIs/data on the resource owner's behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-167">A client application requests [authorization](#authorization) from a resource owner to participate in an [OAuth2 authorization grant](#authorization-grant) flow, and may access APIs/data on the resource owner's behalf.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-168">The OAuth2 Authorization Framework [defines two types of clients][OAuth2-Client-Types], "confidential" and "public", based on the client's ability to maintain the confidentiality of its credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-168">The OAuth2 Authorization Framework [defines two types of clients][OAuth2-Client-Types], "confidential" and "public", based on the client's ability to maintain the confidentiality of its credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-169">Applications can implement a [web client (confidential)](#web-client) which runs on a web server, a [native client (public)](#native-client) installed on a device, or a [user-agent-based client (public)](#user-agent-based-client) which runs in a device's browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-169">Applications can implement a [web client (confidential)](#web-client) which runs on a web server, a [native client (public)](#native-client) installed on a device, or a [user-agent-based client (public)](#user-agent-based-client) which runs in a device's browser.</span></span>

## <a name="consent"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-170">consent</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-170">consent</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-171">The process of a [resource owner](#resource-owner) granting authorization to a [client application](#client-application), to access protected resources under specific [permissions](#permissions), on behalf of the resource owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-171">The process of a [resource owner](#resource-owner) granting authorization to a [client application](#client-application), to access protected resources under specific [permissions](#permissions), on behalf of the resource owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-172">Depending on the permissions requested by the client, an administrator or user will be asked for consent to allow access to their organization/individual data respectively.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-172">Depending on the permissions requested by the client, an administrator or user will be asked for consent to allow access to their organization/individual data respectively.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-173">Note, in a [multi-tenant](#multi-tenant-application) scenario, the application's [service principal](#service-principal-object) is also recorded in the tenant of the consenting user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-173">Note, in a [multi-tenant](#multi-tenant-application) scenario, the application's [service principal](#service-principal-object) is also recorded in the tenant of the consenting user.</span></span>

## <a name="id-token"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-174">ID token</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-174">ID token</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-175">An [OpenID Connect][OpenIDConnect-ID-Token] [security token](#security-token) provided by an [authorization server's](#authorization-server) [authorization endpoint](#authorization-endpoint), which contains [claims](#claim) pertaining to the authentication of an end user [resource owner](#resource-owner).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-175">An [OpenID Connect][OpenIDConnect-ID-Token] [security token](#security-token) provided by an [authorization server's](#authorization-server) [authorization endpoint](#authorization-endpoint), which contains [claims](#claim) pertaining to the authentication of an end user [resource owner](#resource-owner).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-176">Like an access token, ID tokens are also represented as a digitally signed [JSON Web Token (JWT)][JWT].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-176">Like an access token, ID tokens are also represented as a digitally signed [JSON Web Token (JWT)][JWT].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-177">Unlike an access token though, an ID token's claims are not used for purposes related to resource access and specifically access control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-177">Unlike an access token though, an ID token's claims are not used for purposes related to resource access and specifically access control.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-178">See [Azure AD token reference][AAD-Tokens-Claims] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-178">See [Azure AD token reference][AAD-Tokens-Claims] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="multi-tenant-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-179">multi-tenant application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-179">multi-tenant application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-180">A class of application that enables sign in and [consent](#consent) by users provisioned in any Azure AD [tenant](#tenant), including tenants other than the one where the client is registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-180">A class of application that enables sign in and [consent](#consent) by users provisioned in any Azure AD [tenant](#tenant), including tenants other than the one where the client is registered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-181">[Native client](#native-client) applications are multi-tenant by default, whereas [web client](#web-client) and [web resource/API](#resource-server) applications have the ability to select between single or multi-tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-181">[Native client](#native-client) applications are multi-tenant by default, whereas [web client](#web-client) and [web resource/API](#resource-server) applications have the ability to select between single or multi-tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-182">By contrast, a web application registered as single-tenant, would only allow sign-ins from user accounts provisioned in the same tenant as the one where the application is registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-182">By contrast, a web application registered as single-tenant, would only allow sign-ins from user accounts provisioned in the same tenant as the one where the application is registered.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-183">See [How to sign in any Azure AD user using the multi-tenant application pattern][AAD-Multi-Tenant-Overview] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-183">See [How to sign in any Azure AD user using the multi-tenant application pattern][AAD-Multi-Tenant-Overview] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="native-client"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-184">native client</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-184">native client</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-185">A type of [client application](#client-application) that is installed natively on a device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-185">A type of [client application](#client-application) that is installed natively on a device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-186">Since all code is executed on a device, it is considered a "public" client due to its inability to store credentials privately/confidentially.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-186">Since all code is executed on a device, it is considered a "public" client due to its inability to store credentials privately/confidentially.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-187">See [OAuth2 client types and profiles][OAuth2-Client-Types] for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-187">See [OAuth2 client types and profiles][OAuth2-Client-Types] for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-188">permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-188">permissions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-189">A [client application](#client-application) gains access to a [resource server](#resource-server) by declaring permission requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-189">A [client application](#client-application) gains access to a [resource server](#resource-server) by declaring permission requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-190">Two types are available:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-190">Two types are available:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-191">"Delegated" permissions, which specify [scope-based](#scopes) access using delegated authorization from the signed-in [resource owner](#resource-owner), are presented to the resource at run-time as ["scp" claims](#claim) in the client's [access token](#access-token).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-191">"Delegated" permissions, which specify [scope-based](#scopes) access using delegated authorization from the signed-in [resource owner](#resource-owner), are presented to the resource at run-time as ["scp" claims](#claim) in the client's [access token](#access-token).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-192">"Application" permissions, which specify [role-based](#roles) access using the client application's credentials/identity, are presented to the resource at run-time as ["roles" claims](#claim) in the client's access token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-192">"Application" permissions, which specify [role-based](#roles) access using the client application's credentials/identity, are presented to the resource at run-time as ["roles" claims](#claim) in the client's access token.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-193">They also surface during the [consent](#consent) process, giving the administrator or resource owner the opportunity to grant/deny the client access to resources in their tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-193">They also surface during the [consent](#consent) process, giving the administrator or resource owner the opportunity to grant/deny the client access to resources in their tenant.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-194">Permission requests are configured on the "Applications" / "Settings" tab in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], under "Required Permissions", by selecting the desired "Delegated Permissions" and "Application Permissions" (the latter requires membership in the Global Admin role).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-194">Permission requests are configured on the "Applications" / "Settings" tab in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], under "Required Permissions", by selecting the desired "Delegated Permissions" and "Application Permissions" (the latter requires membership in the Global Admin role).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-195">Because a [public client](#client-application) can't securely maintain credentials, it can only request delegated permissions, while a [confidential client](#client-application) has the ability to request both delegated and application permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-195">Because a [public client](#client-application) can't securely maintain credentials, it can only request delegated permissions, while a [confidential client](#client-application) has the ability to request both delegated and application permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-196">The client's [application object](#application-object) stores the declared permissions in its [requiredResourceAccess property][AAD-Graph-App-Entity].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-196">The client's [application object](#application-object) stores the declared permissions in its [requiredResourceAccess property][AAD-Graph-App-Entity].</span></span>

## <a name="resource-owner"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-197">resource owner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-197">resource owner</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-198">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], an entity capable of granting access to a protected resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-198">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], an entity capable of granting access to a protected resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-199">When the resource owner is a person, it is referred to as an end user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-199">When the resource owner is a person, it is referred to as an end user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-200">For example, when a [client application](#client-application) wants to access a user's mailbox through the [Microsoft Graph API][Microsoft-Graph], it requires permission from the resource owner of the mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-200">For example, when a [client application](#client-application) wants to access a user's mailbox through the [Microsoft Graph API][Microsoft-Graph], it requires permission from the resource owner of the mailbox.</span></span>

## <a name="resource-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-201">resource server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-201">resource server</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-202">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], a server that hosts protected resources, capable of accepting and responding to protected resource requests by [client applications](#client-application) that present an [access token](#access-token).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-202">As defined by the [OAuth2 Authorization Framework][OAuth2-Role-Def], a server that hosts protected resources, capable of accepting and responding to protected resource requests by [client applications](#client-application) that present an [access token](#access-token).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-203">Also known as a protected resource server, or resource application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-203">Also known as a protected resource server, or resource application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-204">A resource server exposes APIs and enforces access to its protected resources through [scopes](#scopes) and [roles](#roles), using the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-204">A resource server exposes APIs and enforces access to its protected resources through [scopes](#scopes) and [roles](#roles), using the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-205">Examples include the Azure AD Graph API which provides access to Azure AD tenant data, and the Office 365 APIs that provide access to data such as mail and calendar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-205">Examples include the Azure AD Graph API which provides access to Azure AD tenant data, and the Office 365 APIs that provide access to data such as mail and calendar.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-206">Both of these are also accessible via the [Microsoft Graph API][Microsoft-Graph].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-206">Both of these are also accessible via the [Microsoft Graph API][Microsoft-Graph].</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-207">Just like a client application, resource application's identity configuration is established via [registration](#application-registration) in an Azure AD tenant, providing both the application and service principal object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-207">Just like a client application, resource application's identity configuration is established via [registration](#application-registration) in an Azure AD tenant, providing both the application and service principal object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-208">Some Microsoft-provided APIs, such as the Azure AD Graph API, have pre-registered service principals made available in all tenants during provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-208">Some Microsoft-provided APIs, such as the Azure AD Graph API, have pre-registered service principals made available in all tenants during provisioning.</span></span>

## <a name="roles"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-209">roles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-209">roles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-210">Like [scopes](#scopes), roles provide a way for a [resource server](#resource-server) to govern access to its protected resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-210">Like [scopes](#scopes), roles provide a way for a [resource server](#resource-server) to govern access to its protected resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-211">There are two types: a "user" role implements role-based access control for users/groups that require access to the resource, while an "application" role implements the same for [client applications](#client-application) that require access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-211">There are two types: a "user" role implements role-based access control for users/groups that require access to the resource, while an "application" role implements the same for [client applications](#client-application) that require access.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-212">Roles are resource-defined strings (for example "Expense approver", "Read-only", "Directory.ReadWrite.All"), managed in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal] via the resource's [application manifest](#application-manifest), and stored in the resource's [appRoles property][AAD-Graph-Sp-Entity].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-212">Roles are resource-defined strings (for example "Expense approver", "Read-only", "Directory.ReadWrite.All"), managed in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal] via the resource's [application manifest](#application-manifest), and stored in the resource's [appRoles property][AAD-Graph-Sp-Entity].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-213">The Azure portal is also used to assign users to "user" roles, and configure client [application permissions](#permissions) to access an "application" role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-213">The Azure portal is also used to assign users to "user" roles, and configure client [application permissions](#permissions) to access an "application" role.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-214">For a detailed discussion of the application roles exposed by Azure AD's Graph API, see [Graph API Permission Scopes][AAD-Graph-Perm-Scopes].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-214">For a detailed discussion of the application roles exposed by Azure AD's Graph API, see [Graph API Permission Scopes][AAD-Graph-Perm-Scopes].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-215">For a step-by-step implementation example, see [Manage access using RBAC and the Azure portal][AAD-RBAC].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-215">For a step-by-step implementation example, see [Manage access using RBAC and the Azure portal][AAD-RBAC].</span></span>

## <a name="scopes"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-216">scopes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-216">scopes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-217">Like [roles](#roles), scopes provide a way for a [resource server](#resource-server) to govern access to its protected resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-217">Like [roles](#roles), scopes provide a way for a [resource server](#resource-server) to govern access to its protected resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-218">Scopes are used to implement [scope-based][OAuth2-Access-Token-Scopes] access control, for a [client application](#client-application) that has been given delegated access to the resource by its owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-218">Scopes are used to implement [scope-based][OAuth2-Access-Token-Scopes] access control, for a [client application](#client-application) that has been given delegated access to the resource by its owner.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-219">Scopes are resource-defined strings (for example "Mail.Read", "Directory.ReadWrite.All"), managed in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal] via the resource's [application manifest](#application-manifest), and stored in the resource's [oauth2Permissions property][AAD-Graph-Sp-Entity].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-219">Scopes are resource-defined strings (for example "Mail.Read", "Directory.ReadWrite.All"), managed in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal] via the resource's [application manifest](#application-manifest), and stored in the resource's [oauth2Permissions property][AAD-Graph-Sp-Entity].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-220">The Azure portal is also used to configure client application [delegated permissions](#permissions) to access a scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-220">The Azure portal is also used to configure client application [delegated permissions](#permissions) to access a scope.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-221">A best practice naming convention, is to use a "resource.operation.constraint" format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-221">A best practice naming convention, is to use a "resource.operation.constraint" format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-222">For a detailed discussion of the scopes exposed by Azure AD's Graph API, see [Graph API Permission Scopes][AAD-Graph-Perm-Scopes].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-222">For a detailed discussion of the scopes exposed by Azure AD's Graph API, see [Graph API Permission Scopes][AAD-Graph-Perm-Scopes].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-223">For scopes exposed by Office 365 services, see [Office 365 API permissions reference][O365-Perm-Ref].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-223">For scopes exposed by Office 365 services, see [Office 365 API permissions reference][O365-Perm-Ref].</span></span>

## <a name="security-token"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-224">security token</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-224">security token</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-225">A signed document containing claims, such as an OAuth2 token or SAML 2.0 assertion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-225">A signed document containing claims, such as an OAuth2 token or SAML 2.0 assertion.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-226">For an OAuth2 [authorization grant](#authorization-grant), an [access token](#access-token) (OAuth2) and an [ID Token](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDToken) are types of security tokens, both of which are implemented as a [JSON Web Token (JWT)][JWT].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-226">For an OAuth2 [authorization grant](#authorization-grant), an [access token](#access-token) (OAuth2) and an [ID Token](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDToken) are types of security tokens, both of which are implemented as a [JSON Web Token (JWT)][JWT].</span></span>

## <a name="service-principal-object"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-227">service principal object</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-227">service principal object</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-228">When you register/update an application in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], the portal creates/updates both an [application object](#application-object) and a corresponding service principal object for that tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-228">When you register/update an application in the [Azure portal][AZURE-portal], the portal creates/updates both an [application object](#application-object) and a corresponding service principal object for that tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-229">The application object *defines* the application's identity configuration globally (across all tenants where the associated application has been granted access), and is the template from which its corresponding service principal object(s) are *derived* for use locally at run-time (in a specific tenant).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-229">The application object *defines* the application's identity configuration globally (across all tenants where the associated application has been granted access), and is the template from which its corresponding service principal object(s) are *derived* for use locally at run-time (in a specific tenant).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-230">For more information, see [Application and Service Principal Objects][AAD-App-SP-Objects].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-230">For more information, see [Application and Service Principal Objects][AAD-App-SP-Objects].</span></span>

## <a name="sign-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-231">sign-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-231">sign-in</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-232">The process of a [client application](#client-application) initiating end-user authentication and capturing related state, for the purpose of acquiring a [security token](#security-token) and scoping the application session to that state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-232">The process of a [client application](#client-application) initiating end-user authentication and capturing related state, for the purpose of acquiring a [security token](#security-token) and scoping the application session to that state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-233">State can include artifacts such as user profile information, and information derived from token claims.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-233">State can include artifacts such as user profile information, and information derived from token claims.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-234">The sign-in function of an application is typically used to implement single-sign-on (SSO).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-234">The sign-in function of an application is typically used to implement single-sign-on (SSO).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-235">It may also be preceded by a "sign-up" function, as the entry point for an end user to gain access to an application (upon first sign-in).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-235">It may also be preceded by a "sign-up" function, as the entry point for an end user to gain access to an application (upon first sign-in).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-236">The sign-up function is used to gather and persist additional state specific to the user, and may require [user consent](#consent).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-236">The sign-up function is used to gather and persist additional state specific to the user, and may require [user consent](#consent).</span></span>

## <a name="sign-out"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-237">sign-out</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-237">sign-out</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-238">The process of unauthenticating an end user, detaching the user state associated with the [client application](#client-application) session during [sign-in](#sign-in)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-238">The process of unauthenticating an end user, detaching the user state associated with the [client application](#client-application) session during [sign-in](#sign-in)</span></span>

## <a name="tenant"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-239">tenant</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-239">tenant</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-240">An instance of an Azure AD directory is referred to as an Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-240">An instance of an Azure AD directory is referred to as an Azure AD tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-241">It provides several features, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-241">It provides several features, including:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-242">a registry service for integrated applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-242">a registry service for integrated applications</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-243">authentication of user accounts and registered applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-243">authentication of user accounts and registered applications</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-244">REST endpoints required to support various protocols including OAuth2 and SAML, including the [authorization endpoint](#authorization-endpoint), [token endpoint](#token-endpoint) and the "common" endpoint used by [multi-tenant applications](#multi-tenant-application).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-244">REST endpoints required to support various protocols including OAuth2 and SAML, including the [authorization endpoint](#authorization-endpoint), [token endpoint](#token-endpoint) and the "common" endpoint used by [multi-tenant applications](#multi-tenant-application).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-245">Azure AD tenants are created/associated with Azure and Office 365 subscriptions during sign-up, providing Identity & Access Management features for the subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-245">Azure AD tenants are created/associated with Azure and Office 365 subscriptions during sign-up, providing Identity & Access Management features for the subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-246">Azure subscription administrators can also create additional Azure AD tenants via the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-246">Azure subscription administrators can also create additional Azure AD tenants via the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-247">See [How to get an Azure Active Directory tenant][AAD-How-To-Tenant] for details on the various ways you can get access to a tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-247">See [How to get an Azure Active Directory tenant][AAD-How-To-Tenant] for details on the various ways you can get access to a tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-248">See [How Azure subscriptions are associated with Azure Active Directory][AAD-How-Subscriptions-Assoc] for details on the relationship between subscriptions and an Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-248">See [How Azure subscriptions are associated with Azure Active Directory][AAD-How-Subscriptions-Assoc] for details on the relationship between subscriptions and an Azure AD tenant.</span></span>

## <a name="token-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-249">token endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-249">token endpoint</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-250">One of the endpoints implemented by the [authorization server](#authorization-server) to support OAuth2 [authorization grants](#authorization-grant).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-250">One of the endpoints implemented by the [authorization server](#authorization-server) to support OAuth2 [authorization grants](#authorization-grant).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-251">Depending on the grant, it can be used to acquire an [access token](#access-token) (and related "refresh" token) to a [client](#client-application), or [ID token](#ID-token) when used with the [OpenID Connect][OpenIDConnect] protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-251">Depending on the grant, it can be used to acquire an [access token](#access-token) (and related "refresh" token) to a [client](#client-application), or [ID token](#ID-token) when used with the [OpenID Connect][OpenIDConnect] protocol.</span></span>

## <a name="user-agent-based-client"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-252">User-agent-based client</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-252">User-agent-based client</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-253">A type of [client application](#client-application) that downloads code from a web server and executes within a user-agent (for instance, a web browser), such as a Single Page Application (SPA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-253">A type of [client application](#client-application) that downloads code from a web server and executes within a user-agent (for instance, a web browser), such as a Single Page Application (SPA).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-254">Since all code is executed on a device, it is considered a "public" client due to its inability to store credentials privately/confidentially.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-254">Since all code is executed on a device, it is considered a "public" client due to its inability to store credentials privately/confidentially.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-255">For more information, see [OAuth2 client types and profiles][OAuth2-Client-Types].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-255">For more information, see [OAuth2 client types and profiles][OAuth2-Client-Types].</span></span>

## <a name="user-principal"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-256">user principal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-256">user principal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-257">Similar to the way a service principal object is used to represent an application instance, a user principal object is another type of security principal, which represents a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-257">Similar to the way a service principal object is used to represent an application instance, a user principal object is another type of security principal, which represents a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-258">The Azure AD Graph [User entity][AAD-Graph-User-Entity] defines the schema for a user object, including user-related properties such as first and last name, user principal name, directory role membership, etc. This provides the user identity configuration for Azure AD to establish a user principal at run-time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-258">The Azure AD Graph [User entity][AAD-Graph-User-Entity] defines the schema for a user object, including user-related properties such as first and last name, user principal name, directory role membership, etc. This provides the user identity configuration for Azure AD to establish a user principal at run-time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-259">The user principal is used to represent an authenticated user for Single Sign-On, recording [consent](#consent) delegation, making access control decisions, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-259">The user principal is used to represent an authenticated user for Single Sign-On, recording [consent](#consent) delegation, making access control decisions, etc.</span></span>

## <a name="web-client"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-260">web client</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-260">web client</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-261">A type of [client application](#client-application) that executes all code on a web server, and able to function as a "confidential" client by securely storing its credentials on the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-261">A type of [client application](#client-application) that executes all code on a web server, and able to function as a "confidential" client by securely storing its credentials on the server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-262">For more information, see [OAuth2 client types and profiles][OAuth2-Client-Types].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-262">For more information, see [OAuth2 client types and profiles][OAuth2-Client-Types].</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="06fdd-263">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-263">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-264">The [Azure AD Developer's Guide][AAD-Dev-Guide] is the landing page to use for all Azure AD development-related topics, including an overview of [application integration][AAD-How-To-Integrate] and the basics of [Azure AD authentication and supported authentication scenarios][AAD-Auth-Scenarios].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-264">The [Azure AD Developer's Guide][AAD-Dev-Guide] is the landing page to use for all Azure AD development-related topics, including an overview of [application integration][AAD-How-To-Integrate] and the basics of [Azure AD authentication and supported authentication scenarios][AAD-Auth-Scenarios].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06fdd-265">You can also find code samples & tutorials on how to get up and running quickly on [Github](https://github.com/azure-samples?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=active%20directory&type=&language=).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-265">You can also find code samples & tutorials on how to get up and running quickly on [Github](https://github.com/azure-samples?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=active%20directory&type=&language=).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06fdd-266">Use the following comments section to provide feedback and help to refine and shape this content, including requests for new definitions or updating existing ones!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06fdd-266">Use the following comments section to provide feedback and help to refine and shape this content, including requests for new definitions or updating existing ones!</span></span>

<!--Image references-->

<!--Reference style links -->
[AAD-App-Manifest]:reference-azure-ad-app-manifest.md
[AAD-App-SP-Objects]:app-objects-and-service-principals.md
[AAD-Auth-Scenarios]:authentication-scenarios.md
[AAD-Dev-Guide]:azure-ad-developers-guide.md
[AAD-Graph-Perm-Scopes]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ad/graph/howto/azure-ad-graph-api-permission-scopes
[AAD-Graph-App-Entity]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/entity-and-complex-type-reference#application-entity
[AAD-Graph-Sp-Entity]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/entity-and-complex-type-reference#serviceprincipal-entity
[AAD-Graph-User-Entity]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/Library/Azure/Ad/Graph/api/entity-and-complex-type-reference#user-entity
[AAD-How-Subscriptions-Assoc]:../fundamentals/active-directory-how-subscriptions-associated-directory.md
[AAD-How-To-Integrate]: ./active-directory-how-to-integrate.md
[AAD-How-To-Tenant]:quickstart-create-new-tenant.md
[AAD-Integrating-Apps]:quickstart-v1-integrate-apps-with-azure-ad.md
[AAD-Multi-Tenant-Overview]:howto-convert-app-to-be-multi-tenant.md
[AAD-Security-Token-Claims]: ./active-directory-authentication-scenarios/#claims-in-azure-ad-security-tokens
[AAD-Tokens-Claims]:v1-id-and-access-tokens.md
[AZURE-portal]: https://portal.azure.com
[AAD-RBAC]: ../../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md
[JWT]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-oauth-json-web-token-32
[Microsoft-Graph]: https://graph.microsoft.io
[O365-Perm-Ref]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/office/office365/howto/application-manifest
[OAuth2-Access-Token-Scopes]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-3.3
[OAuth2-AuthZ-Endpoint]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-3.1
[OAuth2-AuthZ-Grant-Types]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.3
[OAuth2-Client-Types]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.1
[OAuth2-Role-Def]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#page-6
[OpenIDConnect]: http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html
[OpenIDConnect-AuthZ-Endpoint]: http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationEndpoint
[OpenIDConnect-ID-Token]: http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDToken
