---
title: Understanding the OAuth2 implicit grant flow in Azure AD | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn more about Azure Active Directory's implementation of the OAuth2 implicit grant flow, and whether it's right for your application.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: dev-center-name
author: CelesteDG
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 90e42ff9-43b0-4b4f-a222-51df847b2a8d
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: develop
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 11/15/2016
ms.author: celested
ms.reviewer: jmprieur
ms.custom: aaddev
ms.openlocfilehash: 22413684678cddc1a86f6acbe203b0041a4c6818
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44865749"
---
# <a name="understanding-the-oauth2-implicit-grant-flow-in-azure-active-directory-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="8459b-103">Understanding the OAuth2 implicit grant flow in Azure Active Directory (AD)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-103">Understanding the OAuth2 implicit grant flow in Azure Active Directory (AD)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8459b-104">The OAuth2 implicit grant is notorious for being the grant with the longest list of security concerns in the OAuth2 specification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-104">The OAuth2 implicit grant is notorious for being the grant with the longest list of security concerns in the OAuth2 specification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-105">And yet, that is the approach implemented by ADAL JS and the one we recommend when writing SPA applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-105">And yet, that is the approach implemented by ADAL JS and the one we recommend when writing SPA applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-106">What gives?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-106">What gives?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-107">It’s all a matter of tradeoffs: and as it turns out, the implicit grant is the best approach you can pursue for applications that consume a Web API via JavaScript from a browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-107">It’s all a matter of tradeoffs: and as it turns out, the implicit grant is the best approach you can pursue for applications that consume a Web API via JavaScript from a browser.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-the-oauth2-implicit-grant"></a><span data-ttu-id="8459b-108">What is the OAuth2 implicit grant?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-108">What is the OAuth2 implicit grant?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8459b-109">The quintessential [OAuth2 authorization code grant](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.3.1) is the authorization grant that uses two separate endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-109">The quintessential [OAuth2 authorization code grant](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.3.1) is the authorization grant that uses two separate endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-110">The authorization endpoint is used for the user interaction phase, which results in an authorization code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-110">The authorization endpoint is used for the user interaction phase, which results in an authorization code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-111">The token endpoint is then used by the client for exchanging the code for an access token, and often a refresh token as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-111">The token endpoint is then used by the client for exchanging the code for an access token, and often a refresh token as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-112">Web applications are required to present their own application credentials to the token endpoint, so that the authorization server can authenticate the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-112">Web applications are required to present their own application credentials to the token endpoint, so that the authorization server can authenticate the client.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-113">The [OAuth2 implicit grant](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.3.2) is a variant of other authorization grants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-113">The [OAuth2 implicit grant](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.3.2) is a variant of other authorization grants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-114">It allows a client to obtain an access token (and id_token, when using [OpenId Connect](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html)) directly from the authorization endpoint, without contacting the token endpoint nor authenticating the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-114">It allows a client to obtain an access token (and id_token, when using [OpenId Connect](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html)) directly from the authorization endpoint, without contacting the token endpoint nor authenticating the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-115">This variant was designed for JavaScript based applications running in a Web browser: in the original OAuth2 specification, tokens are returned in a URI fragment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-115">This variant was designed for JavaScript based applications running in a Web browser: in the original OAuth2 specification, tokens are returned in a URI fragment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-116">That makes the token bits available to the JavaScript code in the client, but it guarantees they won’t be included in redirects toward the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-116">That makes the token bits available to the JavaScript code in the client, but it guarantees they won’t be included in redirects toward the server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-117">Returning tokens via browser redirects directly from the authorization endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-117">Returning tokens via browser redirects directly from the authorization endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-118">It also has the advantage of eliminating any requirements for cross origin calls, which are necessary if the JavaScript application is required to contact the token endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-118">It also has the advantage of eliminating any requirements for cross origin calls, which are necessary if the JavaScript application is required to contact the token endpoint.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-119">An important characteristic of the OAuth2 implicit grant is the fact that such flows never return refresh tokens to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-119">An important characteristic of the OAuth2 implicit grant is the fact that such flows never return refresh tokens to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-120">The next section shows how this isn’t necessary and would in fact be a security issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-120">The next section shows how this isn’t necessary and would in fact be a security issue.</span></span>

## <a name="suitable-scenarios-for-the-oauth2-implicit-grant"></a><span data-ttu-id="8459b-121">Suitable scenarios for the OAuth2 implicit grant</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-121">Suitable scenarios for the OAuth2 implicit grant</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8459b-122">The OAuth2 specification declares that the implicit grant has been devised to enable user-agent applications – that is to say, JavaScript applications executing within a browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-122">The OAuth2 specification declares that the implicit grant has been devised to enable user-agent applications – that is to say, JavaScript applications executing within a browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-123">The defining characteristic of such applications is that JavaScript code is used for accessing server resources (typically a Web API) and for updating the application user experience accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-123">The defining characteristic of such applications is that JavaScript code is used for accessing server resources (typically a Web API) and for updating the application user experience accordingly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-124">Think of applications like Gmail or Outlook Web Access: when you select a message from your inbox, only the message visualization panel changes to display the new selection, while the rest of the page remains unmodified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-124">Think of applications like Gmail or Outlook Web Access: when you select a message from your inbox, only the message visualization panel changes to display the new selection, while the rest of the page remains unmodified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-125">This characteristic is in contrast with traditional redirect-based Web apps, where every user interaction results in a full page postback and a full page rendering of the new server response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-125">This characteristic is in contrast with traditional redirect-based Web apps, where every user interaction results in a full page postback and a full page rendering of the new server response.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-126">Applications that take the JavaScript based approach to its extreme are called Single Page Applications, or SPAs: the idea is that those applications only serve an initial HTML page and associated JavaScript, with all subsequent interactions being driven by Web API calls performed via JavaScript.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-126">Applications that take the JavaScript based approach to its extreme are called Single Page Applications, or SPAs: the idea is that those applications only serve an initial HTML page and associated JavaScript, with all subsequent interactions being driven by Web API calls performed via JavaScript.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-127">However, hybrid approaches, where the application is mostly postback-driven but performs occasional JS calls, are not uncommon – the discussion about implicit flow usage is relevant for those as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-127">However, hybrid approaches, where the application is mostly postback-driven but performs occasional JS calls, are not uncommon – the discussion about implicit flow usage is relevant for those as well.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-128">Redirect-based applications typically secure their requests via cookies, however, that approach does not work as well for JavaScript applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-128">Redirect-based applications typically secure their requests via cookies, however, that approach does not work as well for JavaScript applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-129">Cookies only work against the domain they have been generated for, while JavaScript calls might be directed toward other domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-129">Cookies only work against the domain they have been generated for, while JavaScript calls might be directed toward other domains.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-130">In fact, that will frequently be the case: think of applications invoking Microsoft Graph API, Office API, Azure API – all residing outside the domain from where the application is served.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-130">In fact, that will frequently be the case: think of applications invoking Microsoft Graph API, Office API, Azure API – all residing outside the domain from where the application is served.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-131">A growing trend for JavaScript applications is to have no backend at all, relying 100% on third party Web APIs to implement their business function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-131">A growing trend for JavaScript applications is to have no backend at all, relying 100% on third party Web APIs to implement their business function.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-132">Currently, the preferred method of protecting calls to a Web API is to use the OAuth2 bearer token approach, where every call is accompanied by an OAuth2 access token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-132">Currently, the preferred method of protecting calls to a Web API is to use the OAuth2 bearer token approach, where every call is accompanied by an OAuth2 access token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-133">The Web API examines the incoming access token and, if it finds in it the necessary scopes, it grants access to the requested operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-133">The Web API examines the incoming access token and, if it finds in it the necessary scopes, it grants access to the requested operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-134">The implicit flow provides a convenient mechanism for JavaScript applications to obtain access tokens for a Web API, offering numerous advantages in respect to cookies:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-134">The implicit flow provides a convenient mechanism for JavaScript applications to obtain access tokens for a Web API, offering numerous advantages in respect to cookies:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8459b-135">Tokens can be reliably obtained without any need for cross origin calls – mandatory registration of the redirect URI to which tokens are return guarantees that tokens are not displaced</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-135">Tokens can be reliably obtained without any need for cross origin calls – mandatory registration of the redirect URI to which tokens are return guarantees that tokens are not displaced</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8459b-136">JavaScript applications can obtain as many access tokens as they need, for as many Web APIs they target – with no restriction on domains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-136">JavaScript applications can obtain as many access tokens as they need, for as many Web APIs they target – with no restriction on domains</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8459b-137">HTML5 features like session or local storage grant full control over token caching and lifetime management, whereas cookies management is opaque to the app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-137">HTML5 features like session or local storage grant full control over token caching and lifetime management, whereas cookies management is opaque to the app</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8459b-138">Access tokens aren’t susceptible to Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-138">Access tokens aren’t susceptible to Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-139">The implicit grant flow does not issue refresh tokens, mostly for security reasons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-139">The implicit grant flow does not issue refresh tokens, mostly for security reasons.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-140">A refresh token isn’t as narrowly scoped as access tokens, granting far more power hence inflicting far more damage in case it is leaked out. In the implicit flow, tokens are delivered in the URL, hence the risk of interception is higher than in the authorization code grant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-140">A refresh token isn’t as narrowly scoped as access tokens, granting far more power hence inflicting far more damage in case it is leaked out. In the implicit flow, tokens are delivered in the URL, hence the risk of interception is higher than in the authorization code grant.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-141">However, a JavaScript application has another mechanism at its disposal for renewing access tokens without repeatedly prompting the user for credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-141">However, a JavaScript application has another mechanism at its disposal for renewing access tokens without repeatedly prompting the user for credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-142">The application can use a hidden iframe to perform new token requests against the authorization endpoint of Azure AD: as long as the browser still has an active session (read: has a session cookie) against the Azure AD domain, the authentication request can successfully occur without any need for user interaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-142">The application can use a hidden iframe to perform new token requests against the authorization endpoint of Azure AD: as long as the browser still has an active session (read: has a session cookie) against the Azure AD domain, the authentication request can successfully occur without any need for user interaction.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-143">This model grants the JavaScript application the ability to independently renew access tokens and even acquire new ones for a new API (provided that the user previously consented for them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-143">This model grants the JavaScript application the ability to independently renew access tokens and even acquire new ones for a new API (provided that the user previously consented for them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-144">This avoids the added burden of acquiring, maintaining, and protecting a high value artifact such as a refresh token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-144">This avoids the added burden of acquiring, maintaining, and protecting a high value artifact such as a refresh token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-145">The artifact that makes the silent renewal possible, the Azure AD session cookie, is managed outside of the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-145">The artifact that makes the silent renewal possible, the Azure AD session cookie, is managed outside of the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-146">Another advantage of this approach is a user can sign out from Azure AD, using any of the applications signed into Azure AD, running in any of the browser tabs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-146">Another advantage of this approach is a user can sign out from Azure AD, using any of the applications signed into Azure AD, running in any of the browser tabs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-147">This results in the deletion of the Azure AD session cookie, and the JavaScript application will automatically lose the ability to renew tokens for the signed out user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-147">This results in the deletion of the Azure AD session cookie, and the JavaScript application will automatically lose the ability to renew tokens for the signed out user.</span></span>

## <a name="is-the-implicit-grant-suitable-for-my-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="8459b-148">Is the implicit grant suitable for my app?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-148">Is the implicit grant suitable for my app?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8459b-149">The implicit grant presents more risks than other grants, and the areas you need to pay attention to are well documented.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-149">The implicit grant presents more risks than other grants, and the areas you need to pay attention to are well documented.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-150">For example, [Misuse of Access Token to Impersonate Resource Owner in Implicit Flow][OAuth2-Spec-Implicit-Misuse] and [OAuth 2.0 Threat Model and Security Considerations][OAuth2-Threat-Model-And-Security-Implications]).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-150">For example, [Misuse of Access Token to Impersonate Resource Owner in Implicit Flow][OAuth2-Spec-Implicit-Misuse] and [OAuth 2.0 Threat Model and Security Considerations][OAuth2-Threat-Model-And-Security-Implications]).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-151">However, the higher risk profile is largely due to the fact that it is meant to enable applications that execute active code, served by a remote resource to a browser.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-151">However, the higher risk profile is largely due to the fact that it is meant to enable applications that execute active code, served by a remote resource to a browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-152">If you are planning an SPA architecture, have no backend components or intend to invoke a Web API via JavaScript, use of the implicit flow for token acquisition is recommended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-152">If you are planning an SPA architecture, have no backend components or intend to invoke a Web API via JavaScript, use of the implicit flow for token acquisition is recommended.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-153">If your application is a native client, the implicit flow isn’t a great fit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-153">If your application is a native client, the implicit flow isn’t a great fit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-154">The absence of the Azure AD session cookie in the context of a native client deprives your application from the means of maintaining a long lived session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-154">The absence of the Azure AD session cookie in the context of a native client deprives your application from the means of maintaining a long lived session.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-155">Which means your application will repeatedly prompt the user when obtaining access tokens for new resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-155">Which means your application will repeatedly prompt the user when obtaining access tokens for new resources.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8459b-156">If you are developing a Web application that includes a backend, and consuming an API from its backend code, the implicit flow is also not a good fit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-156">If you are developing a Web application that includes a backend, and consuming an API from its backend code, the implicit flow is also not a good fit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-157">Other grants give you far more power.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-157">Other grants give you far more power.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-158">For example, the OAuth2 client credentials grant provides the ability to obtain tokens that reflect the permissions assigned to the application itself, as opposed to user delegations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-158">For example, the OAuth2 client credentials grant provides the ability to obtain tokens that reflect the permissions assigned to the application itself, as opposed to user delegations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-159">This means the client has the ability to maintain programmatic access to resources even when a user is not actively engaged in a session, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-159">This means the client has the ability to maintain programmatic access to resources even when a user is not actively engaged in a session, and so on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-160">Not only that, but such grants give higher security guarantees.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-160">Not only that, but such grants give higher security guarantees.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-161">For instance, access tokens never transit through the user browser, they don’t risk being saved in the browser history, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-161">For instance, access tokens never transit through the user browser, they don’t risk being saved in the browser history, and so on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8459b-162">The client application can also perform strong authentication when requesting a token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-162">The client application can also perform strong authentication when requesting a token.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="8459b-163">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-163">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8459b-164">For a complete list of developer resources, including reference information for the protocols and OAuth2 authorization grant flows support by Azure AD, refer to the [Azure AD Developer's Guide][AAD-Developers-Guide]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-164">For a complete list of developer resources, including reference information for the protocols and OAuth2 authorization grant flows support by Azure AD, refer to the [Azure AD Developer's Guide][AAD-Developers-Guide]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8459b-165">See [How to integrate an application with Azure AD][ACOM-How-To-Integrate] for additional depth on the application integration process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8459b-165">See [How to integrate an application with Azure AD][ACOM-How-To-Integrate] for additional depth on the application integration process.</span></span>

<!--Image references-->

<!--Reference style links in use-->
[AAD-Developers-Guide]:azure-ad-developers-guide.md
[ACOM-How-And-Why-Apps-Added-To-AAD]: active-directory-how-applications-are-added.md
[ACOM-How-To-Integrate]: active-directory-how-to-integrate.md
[OAuth2-Spec-Implicit-Misuse]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-10.16
[OAuth2-Threat-Model-And-Security-Implications]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6819
