---
title: About Azure Lab Services | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how Lab Services can make it easy to create, manage, and secure labs with virtual machines that can be used by developers, testers, educators, students, and others.
services: lab-services
documentationcenter: na
author: spelluru
manager: ''
editor: ''
ms.service: lab-services
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: overview
ms.date: 07/13/2018
ms.author: spelluru
ms.openlocfilehash: cb957346cb0e003e9aff19026ed81495abf432c5
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44868761"
---
# <a name="an-introduction-to-azure-lab-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-103">An introduction to Azure Lab Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-103">An introduction to Azure Lab Services</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-104">Azure Lab Services enables you to quickly set up an environment for your team (for example: development environment, test environment, classroom lab environment) in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-104">Azure Lab Services enables you to quickly set up an environment for your team (for example: development environment, test environment, classroom lab environment) in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-105">A lab owner creates a lab, provisions Windows, or Linux virtual machines, installs the necessary software and tools, and makes them available to lab users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-105">A lab owner creates a lab, provisions Windows, or Linux virtual machines, installs the necessary software and tools, and makes them available to lab users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-106">Lab users connect to virtual machines (VMs) in the lab, and use them for their day-to-day work, short-term projects, or for doing classroom exercises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-106">Lab users connect to virtual machines (VMs) in the lab, and use them for their day-to-day work, short-term projects, or for doing classroom exercises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-107">Once users start utilizing resources in the lab, a lab admin can analyze cost and usage across multiple labs, and set overarching policies to optimize your organization or team's costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-107">Once users start utilizing resources in the lab, a lab admin can analyze cost and usage across multiple labs, and set overarching policies to optimize your organization or team's costs.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-108">**Azure DevTest Labs** is being expanded with new types of labs (Azure Lab Services)!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-108">**Azure DevTest Labs** is being expanded with new types of labs (Azure Lab Services)!</span></span> 
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-109">Azure Lab Services lets you create managed labs, such as classroom labs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-109">Azure Lab Services lets you create managed labs, such as classroom labs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-110">The service itself handles all the infrastructure management for a managed lab, from spinning up VMs to handling errors, and scaling the infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-110">The service itself handles all the infrastructure management for a managed lab, from spinning up VMs to handling errors, and scaling the infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-111">The managed labs are currently in preview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-111">The managed labs are currently in preview.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-112">Once the preview ends, the new lab types and existing DevTest Labs come under the new common umbrella name of Azure Lab Services where all lab types continue to evolve.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-112">Once the preview ends, the new lab types and existing DevTest Labs come under the new common umbrella name of Azure Lab Services where all lab types continue to evolve.</span></span> 

## <a name="key-capabilities"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-113">Key capabilities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-113">Key capabilities</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-114">Azure Lab Services supports the following key capabilities/features:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-114">Azure Lab Services supports the following key capabilities/features:</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-115">**Fast and flexible setup of a lab**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-115">**Fast and flexible setup of a lab**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-116">Using Azure Lab Services, lab owners can quickly set up a lab for their needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-116">Using Azure Lab Services, lab owners can quickly set up a lab for their needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-117">The service offers the option to take care of all Azure infrastructure work for managed labs, or to enable lab owners to self-manage and customize infrastructure in the lab owner’s subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-117">The service offers the option to take care of all Azure infrastructure work for managed labs, or to enable lab owners to self-manage and customize infrastructure in the lab owner’s subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-118">The service provides built-in scaling and resiliency of infrastructure for labs that the service manages for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-118">The service provides built-in scaling and resiliency of infrastructure for labs that the service manages for you.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-119">**Simplified experience for lab users**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-119">**Simplified experience for lab users**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-120">In a managed lab, such as a classroom lab, lab users can register to a lab with a registration code, and access the lab any time to use the lab’s resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-120">In a managed lab, such as a classroom lab, lab users can register to a lab with a registration code, and access the lab any time to use the lab’s resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-121">In a lab created in DevTest Labs, a lab owner can give permissions for lab users to create and access virtual machines, manage and reuse data disks, and set up reusable secrets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-121">In a lab created in DevTest Labs, a lab owner can give permissions for lab users to create and access virtual machines, manage and reuse data disks, and set up reusable secrets.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-122">**Cost optimization and analysis**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-122">**Cost optimization and analysis**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-123">A lab owner can set lab schedules to automatically shut down and start up virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-123">A lab owner can set lab schedules to automatically shut down and start up virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-124">The lab owner can set a schedule to specify the time slots when the lab’s virtual machines are accessible to users, set usage policies per user or per lab to optimize cost, and analyze usage and activity trends in a lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-124">The lab owner can set a schedule to specify the time slots when the lab’s virtual machines are accessible to users, set usage policies per user or per lab to optimize cost, and analyze usage and activity trends in a lab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-125">For managed labs such as classroom labs, currently a smaller subset of cost optimization and analysis options are available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-125">For managed labs such as classroom labs, currently a smaller subset of cost optimization and analysis options are available.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-126">**Embedded security**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-126">**Embedded security**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-127">A lab owner can set up a private virtual networks and a subnet for a lab, and enable a shared public IP address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-127">A lab owner can set up a private virtual networks and a subnet for a lab, and enable a shared public IP address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-128">Lab users can securely access resources using the virtual network configured with ExpressRoute or site-to-site VPN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-128">Lab users can securely access resources using the virtual network configured with ExpressRoute or site-to-site VPN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-129">(currently available in DevTest Labs only)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-129">(currently available in DevTest Labs only)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-130">**Integration into your workflows and tools**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-130">**Integration into your workflows and tools**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-131">Azure Lab Services allows you to integrate the labs into your organization’s website and management systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-131">Azure Lab Services allows you to integrate the labs into your organization’s website and management systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-132">You can automatically provision environments from within your continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-132">You can automatically provision environments from within your continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) tools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-133">(currently available in DevTest Labs only)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-133">(currently available in DevTest Labs only)</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-134">Currently Azure Lab Services supports only VMs created from Azure Marketplace images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-134">Currently Azure Lab Services supports only VMs created from Azure Marketplace images.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-135">If you want to use custom images or create other PaaS resources in a lab environment, use DevTest Labs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-135">If you want to use custom images or create other PaaS resources in a lab environment, use DevTest Labs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-136">For more information, see [Create a custom image in DevTest Labs](devtest-lab-create-custom-image-from-vm-using-portal.md) and [Create lab envionrments using Resource Manager templates](devtest-lab-create-environment-from-arm.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-136">For more information, see [Create a custom image in DevTest Labs](devtest-lab-create-custom-image-from-vm-using-portal.md) and [Create lab envionrments using Resource Manager templates](devtest-lab-create-environment-from-arm.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="scenarios"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-137">Scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-137">Scenarios</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-138">Here are some of the scenarios that Azure Lab Services supports:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-138">Here are some of the scenarios that Azure Lab Services supports:</span></span> 

### <a name="set-up-a-resizable-computer-lab-in-the-cloud-for-your-classroom"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-139">Set up a resizable computer lab in the cloud for your classroom</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-139">Set up a resizable computer lab in the cloud for your classroom</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-140">Create a managed classroom lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-140">Create a managed classroom lab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-141">You just tell the service exactly what you need, and it will create and manage the infrastructure of the lab for you so that you can focus on teaching your class, not technical details of a lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-141">You just tell the service exactly what you need, and it will create and manage the infrastructure of the lab for you so that you can focus on teaching your class, not technical details of a lab.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-142">Provide students with a lab of virtual machines that are configured with exactly what’s needed for a class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-142">Provide students with a lab of virtual machines that are configured with exactly what’s needed for a class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-143">Give each student a limited number of hours for using the VMs for class work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-143">Give each student a limited number of hours for using the VMs for class work.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-144">Move your school’s physical computer lab into the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-144">Move your school’s physical computer lab into the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-145">Automatically scale the number of VMs only to the maximum usage and cost threshold that you set on the lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-145">Automatically scale the number of VMs only to the maximum usage and cost threshold that you set on the lab.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-146">Delete the lab with a single click once you’re done.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-146">Delete the lab with a single click once you’re done.</span></span> 

### <a name="use-devtest-labs-for-development-environments"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-147">Use DevTest Labs for development environments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-147">Use DevTest Labs for development environments</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-148">Azure DevTest Labs can be used to implement many key scenarios, but one of the primary scenarios involves using DevTest Labs to host development machines for developers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-148">Azure DevTest Labs can be used to implement many key scenarios, but one of the primary scenarios involves using DevTest Labs to host development machines for developers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-149">In this scenario, DevTest Labs provides these benefits:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-149">In this scenario, DevTest Labs provides these benefits:</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-150">Enable developers to quickly provision their development machines on demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-150">Enable developers to quickly provision their development machines on demand.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-151">Provision Windows and Linux environments using reusable templates and artifacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-151">Provision Windows and Linux environments using reusable templates and artifacts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-152">Developers can easily customize their development machines whenever needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-152">Developers can easily customize their development machines whenever needed.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-153">Administrators can control costs by ensuring that developers cannot get more VMs than they need for development and VMs are shut down when not in use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-153">Administrators can control costs by ensuring that developers cannot get more VMs than they need for development and VMs are shut down when not in use.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-154">For more information, see [Use DevTest Labs for development](devtest-lab-developer-lab.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-154">For more information, see [Use DevTest Labs for development](devtest-lab-developer-lab.md).</span></span> 

### <a name="use-devtest-labs-for-test-environments"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-155">Use DevTest Labs for test environments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-155">Use DevTest Labs for test environments</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-156">You can use Azure DevTest Labs to implement many key scenarios, but a primary scenario involves using DevTest Labs to host machines for testers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-156">You can use Azure DevTest Labs to implement many key scenarios, but a primary scenario involves using DevTest Labs to host machines for testers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-157">In this scenario, DevTest Labs provides these benefits:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-157">In this scenario, DevTest Labs provides these benefits:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-158">Testers can test the latest version of their application by quickly provisioning Windows and Linux environments using reusable templates and artifacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-158">Testers can test the latest version of their application by quickly provisioning Windows and Linux environments using reusable templates and artifacts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-159">Testers can scale up their load testing by provisioning multiple test agents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-159">Testers can scale up their load testing by provisioning multiple test agents.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-160">Administrators can control costs by ensuring that testers cannot get more VMs than they need for testing and VMs are shut down when not in use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-160">Administrators can control costs by ensuring that testers cannot get more VMs than they need for testing and VMs are shut down when not in use.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-161">For more information, see [Use DevTest Labs for testing](devtest-lab-test-env.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-161">For more information, see [Use DevTest Labs for testing](devtest-lab-test-env.md).</span></span>

## <a name="user-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-162">User profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-162">User profiles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-163">This article describes different user profiles in Azure Lab Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-163">This article describes different user profiles in Azure Lab Services.</span></span> 

### <a name="lab-account-owner"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-164">Lab account owner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-164">Lab account owner</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-165">Typically, and IT administrator of organization's cloud resources, who owns the Azure subscription acts as a lab account owner and does the following tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-165">Typically, and IT administrator of organization's cloud resources, who owns the Azure subscription acts as a lab account owner and does the following tasks:</span></span>   

- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-166">Sets up a lab account for your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-166">Sets up a lab account for your organization.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-167">Manages and configures policies across all labs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-167">Manages and configures policies across all labs.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-168">Gives permissions to people in the organization to create a lab under the lab account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-168">Gives permissions to people in the organization to create a lab under the lab account.</span></span>

### <a name="lab-creator"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-169">Lab creator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-169">Lab creator</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-170">Typically, users such as a development lead/manager, a teacher, a hackathon host, an online trainer creates labs under a lab account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-170">Typically, users such as a development lead/manager, a teacher, a hackathon host, an online trainer creates labs under a lab account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-171">A lab creator does the following tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-171">A lab creator does the following tasks:</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-172">Creates a lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-172">Creates a lab.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-173">Creates virtual machines in the lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-173">Creates virtual machines in the lab.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-174">Installs the appropriate software on virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-174">Installs the appropriate software on virtual machines.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-175">Specifies who can access the lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-175">Specifies who can access the lab.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-176">Provides link to the lab to lab users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-176">Provides link to the lab to lab users.</span></span>

### <a name="lab-user"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-177">Lab user</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-177">Lab user</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-178">A lab user does the following tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-178">A lab user does the following tasks:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-179">Uses the registration link that the lab user receives from a lab creator to register with the lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-179">Uses the registration link that the lab user receives from a lab creator to register with the lab.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="3b72f-180">Connects to a virtual machine in the lab and use it for development, testing, or doing class work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-180">Connects to a virtual machine in the lab and use it for development, testing, or doing class work.</span></span> 

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="3b72f-181">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-181">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-182">Get started with setting up a lab using Azure Lab Services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-182">Get started with setting up a lab using Azure Lab Services:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-183">Set up a classroom lab</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-183">Set up a classroom lab</span></span>](classroom-labs/tutorial-setup-classroom-lab.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="3b72f-184">Set up a lab</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3b72f-184">Set up a lab</span></span>](tutorial-create-custom-lab.md)
