---
title: Azure Media Services concepts | Microsoft Docs
description: This topic gives an overview of Azure Media Services Concepts
services: media-services
documentationcenter: ''
author: Juliako
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: dcefc8bc-e2ea-4b38-a643-9010f4436fb5
ms.service: media-services
ms.workload: media
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/25/2017
ms.author: juliako
ms.openlocfilehash: 59ccb7a043e1db750e596f173af0791099ea1827
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555725"
---
# <a name="azure-media-services-concepts"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-103">Azure Media Services concepts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-103">Azure Media Services concepts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-104">This topic gives an overview of the most important Media Services concepts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-104">This topic gives an overview of the most important Media Services concepts.</span></span>

## <a id="assets"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-105">Assets and Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-105">Assets and Storage</span></span>
### <a name="assets"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-106">Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-106">Assets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-107">An [Asset](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/asset) contains digital files (including video, audio, images, thumbnail collections, text tracks and closed caption files) and the metadata about these files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-107">An [Asset](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/asset) contains digital files (including video, audio, images, thumbnail collections, text tracks and closed caption files) and the metadata about these files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-108">After the digital files are uploaded into an asset, they could be used in the Media Services encoding and streaming workflows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-108">After the digital files are uploaded into an asset, they could be used in the Media Services encoding and streaming workflows.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-109">An asset is mapped to a blob container in the Azure Storage account and the files in the asset are stored as block blobs in that container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-109">An asset is mapped to a blob container in the Azure Storage account and the files in the asset are stored as block blobs in that container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-110">Page blobs are not supported by Azure Media Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-110">Page blobs are not supported by Azure Media Services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-111">When deciding what media content to upload and store in an asset, the following considerations apply:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-111">When deciding what media content to upload and store in an asset, the following considerations apply:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-112">An asset should contain only a single, unique instance of media content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-112">An asset should contain only a single, unique instance of media content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-113">For example, a single edit of a TV episode, movie, or advertisement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-113">For example, a single edit of a TV episode, movie, or advertisement.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-114">An asset should not contain multiple renditions or edits of an audiovisual file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-114">An asset should not contain multiple renditions or edits of an audiovisual file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-115">One example of an improper usage of an Asset would be attempting to store more than one TV episode, advertisement, or multiple camera angles from a single production inside an asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-115">One example of an improper usage of an Asset would be attempting to store more than one TV episode, advertisement, or multiple camera angles from a single production inside an asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-116">Storing multiple renditions or edits of an audiovisual file in an asset can result in difficulties submitting encoding jobs, streaming and securing the delivery of the asset later in the workflow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-116">Storing multiple renditions or edits of an audiovisual file in an asset can result in difficulties submitting encoding jobs, streaming and securing the delivery of the asset later in the workflow.</span></span>  

### <a name="asset-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-117">Asset file</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-117">Asset file</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-118">An [AssetFile](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/assetfile) represents an actual video or audio file that is stored in a blob container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-118">An [AssetFile](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/assetfile) represents an actual video or audio file that is stored in a blob container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-119">An asset file is always associated with an asset, and an asset may contain one or many files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-119">An asset file is always associated with an asset, and an asset may contain one or many files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-120">The Media Services Encoder task fails if an asset file object is not associated with a digital file in a blob container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-120">The Media Services Encoder task fails if an asset file object is not associated with a digital file in a blob container.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-121">The **AssetFile** instance and the actual media file are two distinct objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-121">The **AssetFile** instance and the actual media file are two distinct objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-122">The AssetFile instance contains metadata about the media file, while the media file contains the actual media content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-122">The AssetFile instance contains metadata about the media file, while the media file contains the actual media content.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-123">You should not attempt to change the contents of blob containers that were generated by Media Services without using Media Service APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-123">You should not attempt to change the contents of blob containers that were generated by Media Services without using Media Service APIs.</span></span>

### <a name="asset-encryption-options"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-124">Asset encryption options</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-124">Asset encryption options</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-125">Depending on the type of content you want to upload, store, and deliver, Media Services provides various encryption options that you can choose from.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-125">Depending on the type of content you want to upload, store, and deliver, Media Services provides various encryption options that you can choose from.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-126">**None** No encryption is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-126">**None** No encryption is used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-127">This is the default value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-127">This is the default value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-128">Note that when using this option your content is not protected in transit or at rest in storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-128">Note that when using this option your content is not protected in transit or at rest in storage.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-129">If you plan to deliver an MP4 using progressive download, use this option to upload your content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-129">If you plan to deliver an MP4 using progressive download, use this option to upload your content.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-130">**StorageEncrypted** – Use this option to encrypt your clear content locally using AES 256 bit encryption and then upload it to Azure Storage where it is stored encrypted at rest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-130">**StorageEncrypted** – Use this option to encrypt your clear content locally using AES 256 bit encryption and then upload it to Azure Storage where it is stored encrypted at rest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-131">Assets protected with storage encryption are automatically unencrypted and placed in an encrypted file system prior to encoding, and optionally re-encrypted prior to uploading back as a new output asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-131">Assets protected with storage encryption are automatically unencrypted and placed in an encrypted file system prior to encoding, and optionally re-encrypted prior to uploading back as a new output asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-132">The primary use case for storage encryption is when you want to secure your high quality input media files with strong encryption at rest on disk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-132">The primary use case for storage encryption is when you want to secure your high quality input media files with strong encryption at rest on disk.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-133">In order to deliver a storage encrypted asset, you must configure the asset’s delivery policy so Media Services knows how you want to deliver your content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-133">In order to deliver a storage encrypted asset, you must configure the asset’s delivery policy so Media Services knows how you want to deliver your content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-134">Before your asset can be streamed, the streaming server removes the storage encryption and streams your content using the specified delivery policy (for example, AES, PlayReady, or no encryption).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-134">Before your asset can be streamed, the streaming server removes the storage encryption and streams your content using the specified delivery policy (for example, AES, PlayReady, or no encryption).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-135">**CommonEncryptionProtected** - Use this option if you want to encrypt (or upload already encrypted) content with Common Encryption or PlayReady DRM (for example, Smooth Streaming protected with PlayReady DRM).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-135">**CommonEncryptionProtected** - Use this option if you want to encrypt (or upload already encrypted) content with Common Encryption or PlayReady DRM (for example, Smooth Streaming protected with PlayReady DRM).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-136">**EnvelopeEncryptionProtected** – Use this option if you want to protect (or upload already protected) HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) encrypted with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-136">**EnvelopeEncryptionProtected** – Use this option if you want to protect (or upload already protected) HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) encrypted with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-137">Note that if you are uploading HLS already encrypted with AES, it must have been encrypted by Transform Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-137">Note that if you are uploading HLS already encrypted with AES, it must have been encrypted by Transform Manager.</span></span>

### <a name="access-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-138">Access policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-138">Access policy</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-139">An [AccessPolicy](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/accesspolicy) defines permissions (like read, write, and list) and duration of access to an asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-139">An [AccessPolicy](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/accesspolicy) defines permissions (like read, write, and list) and duration of access to an asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-140">You would usually pass an AccessPolicy object to a locator that would then be used to access the files contained in an asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-140">You would usually pass an AccessPolicy object to a locator that would then be used to access the files contained in an asset.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-141">There is a limit of 1,000,000 policies for different AMS policies (for example, for Locator policy or ContentKeyAuthorizationPolicy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-141">There is a limit of 1,000,000 policies for different AMS policies (for example, for Locator policy or ContentKeyAuthorizationPolicy).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-142">You should use the same policy ID if you are always using the same days / access permissions, for example, policies for locators that are intended to remain in place for a long time (non-upload policies).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-142">You should use the same policy ID if you are always using the same days / access permissions, for example, policies for locators that are intended to remain in place for a long time (non-upload policies).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-143">For more information, see [this](media-services-dotnet-manage-entities.md#limit-access-policies) topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-143">For more information, see [this](media-services-dotnet-manage-entities.md#limit-access-policies) topic.</span></span>

### <a name="blob-container"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-144">Blob container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-144">Blob container</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-145">A blob container provides a grouping of a set of blobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-145">A blob container provides a grouping of a set of blobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-146">Blob containers are used in Media Services as boundary point for access control, and Shared Access Signature (SAS) locators on assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-146">Blob containers are used in Media Services as boundary point for access control, and Shared Access Signature (SAS) locators on assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-147">An Azure Storage account can contain an unlimited number of blob containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-147">An Azure Storage account can contain an unlimited number of blob containers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-148">A container can store an unlimited number of blobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-148">A container can store an unlimited number of blobs.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-149">You should not attempt to change the contents of blob containers that were generated by Media Services without using Media Service APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-149">You should not attempt to change the contents of blob containers that were generated by Media Services without using Media Service APIs.</span></span>
> 
> 

### <a id="locators"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-150">Locators</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-150">Locators</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-151">[Locator](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/locator)s provide an entry point to access the files contained in an asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-151">[Locator](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/locator)s provide an entry point to access the files contained in an asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-152">An access policy is used to define the permissions and duration that a client has access to a given asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-152">An access policy is used to define the permissions and duration that a client has access to a given asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-153">Locators can have a many to one relationship with an access policy, such that different locators can provide different start times and connection types to different clients while all using the same permission and duration settings; however, because of a shared access policy restriction set by Azure storage services, you cannot have more than five unique locators associated with a given asset at one time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-153">Locators can have a many to one relationship with an access policy, such that different locators can provide different start times and connection types to different clients while all using the same permission and duration settings; however, because of a shared access policy restriction set by Azure storage services, you cannot have more than five unique locators associated with a given asset at one time.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-154">Media Services supports two types of locators: OnDemandOrigin locators, used to stream media (for example, MPEG DASH, HLS, or Smooth Streaming) or progressively download media and SAS URL locators, used to upload or download media files to\from Azure storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-154">Media Services supports two types of locators: OnDemandOrigin locators, used to stream media (for example, MPEG DASH, HLS, or Smooth Streaming) or progressively download media and SAS URL locators, used to upload or download media files to\from Azure storage.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-155">Note, that the list permission (AccessPermissions.List) should not be used when creating an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-155">Note, that the list permission (AccessPermissions.List) should not be used when creating an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span></span> 

### <a name="storage-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-156">Storage account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-156">Storage account</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-157">All access to Azure Storage is done through a storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-157">All access to Azure Storage is done through a storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-158">A Media Service account can associate with one or more storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-158">A Media Service account can associate with one or more storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-159">An account can contain an unlimited number of containers, as long as their total size is under 500TB per storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-159">An account can contain an unlimited number of containers, as long as their total size is under 500TB per storage account.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-160">Media Services provides SDK level tooling to allow you to manage multiple storage accounts and load balance the distribution of your assets during upload to these accounts based on metrics or random distribution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-160">Media Services provides SDK level tooling to allow you to manage multiple storage accounts and load balance the distribution of your assets during upload to these accounts based on metrics or random distribution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-161">For more information, see Working with [Azure Storage](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn767951.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-161">For more information, see Working with [Azure Storage](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn767951.aspx).</span></span> 

## <a name="jobs-and-tasks"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-162">Jobs and tasks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-162">Jobs and tasks</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-163">A [job](https://https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/job) is typically used to process (for example, index or encode) one audio/video presentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-163">A [job](https://https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/job) is typically used to process (for example, index or encode) one audio/video presentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-164">If you are processing multiple videos, create a job for each video to be encoded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-164">If you are processing multiple videos, create a job for each video to be encoded.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-165">A job contains metadata about the processing to be performed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-165">A job contains metadata about the processing to be performed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-166">Each job contains one or more [task](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/task)s that specify an atomic processing task, its input Assets, output Assets, a media processor and its associated settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-166">Each job contains one or more [task](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/task)s that specify an atomic processing task, its input Assets, output Assets, a media processor and its associated settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-167">Tasks within a job can be chained together, where the output asset of one task is given as the input asset to the next task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-167">Tasks within a job can be chained together, where the output asset of one task is given as the input asset to the next task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-168">In this way one job can contain all of the processing necessary for a media presentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-168">In this way one job can contain all of the processing necessary for a media presentation.</span></span>

## <a id="encoding"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-169">Encoding</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-169">Encoding</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-170">Azure Media Services provides multiple options for the encoding of media in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-170">Azure Media Services provides multiple options for the encoding of media in the cloud.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-171">When starting out with Media Services, it is important to understand the difference between codecs and file formats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-171">When starting out with Media Services, it is important to understand the difference between codecs and file formats.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-172">Codecs are the software that implements the compression/decompression algorithms whereas file formats are containers that hold the compressed video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-172">Codecs are the software that implements the compression/decompression algorithms whereas file formats are containers that hold the compressed video.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-173">Media Services provides dynamic packaging which allows you to deliver your adaptive bitrate MP4 or Smooth Streaming encoded content in streaming formats supported by Media Services (MPEG DASH, HLS, Smooth Streaming) without you having to re-package into these streaming formats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-173">Media Services provides dynamic packaging which allows you to deliver your adaptive bitrate MP4 or Smooth Streaming encoded content in streaming formats supported by Media Services (MPEG DASH, HLS, Smooth Streaming) without you having to re-package into these streaming formats.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-174">To take advantage of [dynamic packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md), you need to encode your mezzanine (source) file into a set of adaptive bitrate MP4 files or adaptive bitrate Smooth Streaming files and have at least one standard or premium streaming endpoint in started state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-174">To take advantage of [dynamic packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md), you need to encode your mezzanine (source) file into a set of adaptive bitrate MP4 files or adaptive bitrate Smooth Streaming files and have at least one standard or premium streaming endpoint in started state.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-175">Media Services supports the following on demand encoders that are described in this article:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-175">Media Services supports the following on demand encoders that are described in this article:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-176">Media Encoder Standard</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-176">Media Encoder Standard</span></span>](media-services-encode-asset.md#media-encoder-standard)
* [<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-177">Media Encoder Premium Workflow</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-177">Media Encoder Premium Workflow</span></span>](media-services-encode-asset.md#media-encoder-premium-workflow)

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-178">For information about supported encoders, see [Encoders](media-services-encode-asset.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-178">For information about supported encoders, see [Encoders](media-services-encode-asset.md).</span></span>

## <a name="live-streaming"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-179">Live Streaming</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-179">Live Streaming</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-180">In Azure Media Services, a Channel represents a pipeline for processing live streaming content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-180">In Azure Media Services, a Channel represents a pipeline for processing live streaming content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-181">A Channel receives live input streams in one of two ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-181">A Channel receives live input streams in one of two ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-182">An on-premises live encoder sends multi-bitrate RTMP or Smooth Streaming (Fragmented MP4) to the Channel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-182">An on-premises live encoder sends multi-bitrate RTMP or Smooth Streaming (Fragmented MP4) to the Channel.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-183">You can use the following live encoders that output multi-bitrate Smooth Streaming: MediaExcel, Ateme, Imagine Communications, Envivio, Cisco and Elemental.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-183">You can use the following live encoders that output multi-bitrate Smooth Streaming: MediaExcel, Ateme, Imagine Communications, Envivio, Cisco and Elemental.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-184">The following live encoders output RTMP: Adobe Flash Live Encoder, Telestream Wirecast, Teradek, Haivision and Tricaster encoders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-184">The following live encoders output RTMP: Adobe Flash Live Encoder, Telestream Wirecast, Teradek, Haivision and Tricaster encoders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-185">The ingested streams pass through Channels without any further transcoding and encoding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-185">The ingested streams pass through Channels without any further transcoding and encoding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-186">When requested, Media Services delivers the stream to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-186">When requested, Media Services delivers the stream to customers.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-187">A single bitrate stream (in one of the following formats: RTP (MPEG-TS)), RTMP, or Smooth Streaming (Fragmented MP4)) is sent to the Channel that is enabled to perform live encoding with Media Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-187">A single bitrate stream (in one of the following formats: RTP (MPEG-TS)), RTMP, or Smooth Streaming (Fragmented MP4)) is sent to the Channel that is enabled to perform live encoding with Media Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-188">The Channel then performs live encoding of the incoming single bitrate stream to a multi-bitrate (adaptive) video stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-188">The Channel then performs live encoding of the incoming single bitrate stream to a multi-bitrate (adaptive) video stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-189">When requested, Media Services delivers the stream to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-189">When requested, Media Services delivers the stream to customers.</span></span>

### <a name="channel"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-190">Channel</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-190">Channel</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-191">In Media Services, [Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/channel)s are responsible for processing live streaming content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-191">In Media Services, [Channel](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/channel)s are responsible for processing live streaming content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-192">A Channel provides an input endpoint (ingest URL) that you then provide to a live transcoder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-192">A Channel provides an input endpoint (ingest URL) that you then provide to a live transcoder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-193">The channel receives live input streams from the live transcoder and makes it available for streaming through one or more StreamingEndpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-193">The channel receives live input streams from the live transcoder and makes it available for streaming through one or more StreamingEndpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-194">Channels also provide a preview endpoint (preview URL) that you use to preview and validate your stream before further processing and delivery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-194">Channels also provide a preview endpoint (preview URL) that you use to preview and validate your stream before further processing and delivery.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-195">You can get the ingest URL and the preview URL when you create the channel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-195">You can get the ingest URL and the preview URL when you create the channel.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-196">To get these URLs, the channel does not have to be in the started state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-196">To get these URLs, the channel does not have to be in the started state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-197">When you are ready to start pushing data from a live transcoder into the channel, the channel must be started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-197">When you are ready to start pushing data from a live transcoder into the channel, the channel must be started.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-198">Once the live transcoder starts ingesting data, you can preview your stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-198">Once the live transcoder starts ingesting data, you can preview your stream.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-199">Each Media Services account can contain multiple Channels, multiple Programs, and multiple StreamingEndpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-199">Each Media Services account can contain multiple Channels, multiple Programs, and multiple StreamingEndpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-200">Depending on the bandwidth and security needs, StreamingEndpoint services can be dedicated to one or more channels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-200">Depending on the bandwidth and security needs, StreamingEndpoint services can be dedicated to one or more channels.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-201">Any StreamingEndpoint can pull from any Channel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-201">Any StreamingEndpoint can pull from any Channel.</span></span>

### <a name="program-event"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-202">Program (event)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-202">Program (event)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-203">A [Program (event)](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/program) enables you to control the publishing and storage of segments in a live stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-203">A [Program (event)](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/program) enables you to control the publishing and storage of segments in a live stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-204">Channels manage Programs (events).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-204">Channels manage Programs (events).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-205">The Channel and Program relationship is very similar to traditional media where a channel has a constant stream of content and a program is scoped to some timed event on that channel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-205">The Channel and Program relationship is very similar to traditional media where a channel has a constant stream of content and a program is scoped to some timed event on that channel.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-206">You can specify the number of hours you want to retain the recorded content for the program by setting the **ArchiveWindowLength** property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-206">You can specify the number of hours you want to retain the recorded content for the program by setting the **ArchiveWindowLength** property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-207">This value can be set from a minimum of 5 minutes to a maximum of 25 hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-207">This value can be set from a minimum of 5 minutes to a maximum of 25 hours.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-208">ArchiveWindowLength also dictates the maximum amount of time clients can seek back in time from the current live position.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-208">ArchiveWindowLength also dictates the maximum amount of time clients can seek back in time from the current live position.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-209">Programs can run over the specified amount of time, but content that falls behind the window length is continuously discarded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-209">Programs can run over the specified amount of time, but content that falls behind the window length is continuously discarded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-210">This value of this property also determines how long the client manifests can grow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-210">This value of this property also determines how long the client manifests can grow.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-211">Each program (event) is associated with an Asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-211">Each program (event) is associated with an Asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-212">To publish the program you must create a locator for the associated asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-212">To publish the program you must create a locator for the associated asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-213">Having this locator will enable you to build a streaming URL that you can provide to your clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-213">Having this locator will enable you to build a streaming URL that you can provide to your clients.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-214">A channel supports up to three concurrently running programs so you can create multiple archives of the same incoming stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-214">A channel supports up to three concurrently running programs so you can create multiple archives of the same incoming stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-215">This allows you to publish and archive different parts of an event as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-215">This allows you to publish and archive different parts of an event as needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-216">For example, your business requirement is to archive 6 hours of a program, but to broadcast only last 10 minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-216">For example, your business requirement is to archive 6 hours of a program, but to broadcast only last 10 minutes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-217">To accomplish this, you need to create two concurrently running programs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-217">To accomplish this, you need to create two concurrently running programs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-218">One program is set to archive 6 hours of the event but the program is not published.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-218">One program is set to archive 6 hours of the event but the program is not published.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-219">The other program is set to archive for 10 minutes and this program is published.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-219">The other program is set to archive for 10 minutes and this program is published.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-220">For more information, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-220">For more information, see:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-221">Working with Channels that are Enabled to Perform Live Encoding with Azure Media Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-221">Working with Channels that are Enabled to Perform Live Encoding with Azure Media Services</span></span>](media-services-manage-live-encoder-enabled-channels.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-222">Working with Channels that Receive Multi-bitrate Live Stream from On-premises Encoders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-222">Working with Channels that Receive Multi-bitrate Live Stream from On-premises Encoders</span></span>](media-services-live-streaming-with-onprem-encoders.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-223">[Quotas and limitations](media-services-quotas-and-limitations.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-223">[Quotas and limitations](media-services-quotas-and-limitations.md).</span></span>

## <a name="protecting-content"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-224">Protecting content</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-224">Protecting content</span></span>
### <a name="dynamic-encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-225">Dynamic encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-225">Dynamic encryption</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-226">Azure Media Services enables you to secure your media from the time it leaves your computer through storage, processing, and delivery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-226">Azure Media Services enables you to secure your media from the time it leaves your computer through storage, processing, and delivery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-227">Media Services allows you to deliver your content encrypted dynamically with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) (using 128-bit encryption keys) and common encryption (CENC) using PlayReady and/or Widevine DRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-227">Media Services allows you to deliver your content encrypted dynamically with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) (using 128-bit encryption keys) and common encryption (CENC) using PlayReady and/or Widevine DRM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-228">Media Services also provides a service for delivering AES keys and PlayReady licenses to authorized clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-228">Media Services also provides a service for delivering AES keys and PlayReady licenses to authorized clients.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-229">Currently, you can encrypt the following streaming formats: HLS, MPEG DASH, and Smooth Streaming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-229">Currently, you can encrypt the following streaming formats: HLS, MPEG DASH, and Smooth Streaming.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-230">You cannot encrypt progressive downloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-230">You cannot encrypt progressive downloads.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-231">If you want for Media Services to encrypt an asset, you need to associate an encryption key (CommonEncryption or EnvelopeEncryption) with your asset and also configure authorization policies for the key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-231">If you want for Media Services to encrypt an asset, you need to associate an encryption key (CommonEncryption or EnvelopeEncryption) with your asset and also configure authorization policies for the key.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-232">If you want to stream a storage encrypted asset, you must configure the asset's delivery policy in order to specify how you want to deliver your asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-232">If you want to stream a storage encrypted asset, you must configure the asset's delivery policy in order to specify how you want to deliver your asset.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-233">When a stream is requested by a player, Media Services uses the specified key to dynamically encrypt your content using an envelope encryption (with AES) or common encryption (with PlayReady  or Widevine).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-233">When a stream is requested by a player, Media Services uses the specified key to dynamically encrypt your content using an envelope encryption (with AES) or common encryption (with PlayReady  or Widevine).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-234">To decrypt the stream, the player will request the key from the key delivery service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-234">To decrypt the stream, the player will request the key from the key delivery service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-235">To decide whether or not the user is authorized to get the key, the service evaluates the authorization policies that you specified for the key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-235">To decide whether or not the user is authorized to get the key, the service evaluates the authorization policies that you specified for the key.</span></span>

### <a name="token-restriction"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-236">Token restriction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-236">Token restriction</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-237">The content key authorization policy could have one or more authorization restrictions: open, token restriction, or IP restriction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-237">The content key authorization policy could have one or more authorization restrictions: open, token restriction, or IP restriction.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-238">The token restricted policy must be accompanied by a token issued by a Secure Token Service (STS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-238">The token restricted policy must be accompanied by a token issued by a Secure Token Service (STS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-239">Media Services supports tokens in the Simple Web Tokens (SWT) format and JSON Web Token (JWT) format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-239">Media Services supports tokens in the Simple Web Tokens (SWT) format and JSON Web Token (JWT) format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-240">Media Services does not provide Secure Token Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-240">Media Services does not provide Secure Token Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-241">You can create a custom STS or leverage Microsoft Azure ACS to issue tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-241">You can create a custom STS or leverage Microsoft Azure ACS to issue tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-242">The STS must be configured to create a token signed with the specified key and issue claims that you specified in the token restriction configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-242">The STS must be configured to create a token signed with the specified key and issue claims that you specified in the token restriction configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-243">The Media Services key delivery service will return the requested key (or license) to the client if the token is valid and the claims in the token match those configured for the key (or license).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-243">The Media Services key delivery service will return the requested key (or license) to the client if the token is valid and the claims in the token match those configured for the key (or license).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-244">When configuring the token restricted policy, you must specify the primary verification key, issuer and audience parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-244">When configuring the token restricted policy, you must specify the primary verification key, issuer and audience parameters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-245">The primary verification key contains the key that the token was signed with, issuer is the secure token service that issues the token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-245">The primary verification key contains the key that the token was signed with, issuer is the secure token service that issues the token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-246">The audience (sometimes called scope) describes the intent of the token or the resource the token authorizes access to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-246">The audience (sometimes called scope) describes the intent of the token or the resource the token authorizes access to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-247">The Media Services key delivery service validates that these values in the token match the values in the template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-247">The Media Services key delivery service validates that these values in the token match the values in the template.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-248">For more information, see the following articles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-248">For more information, see the following articles:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-249">[Protect content overview](media-services-content-protection-overview.md)
[Protect with AES-128](media-services-protect-with-aes128.md)
[Protect with DRM](media-services-protect-with-drm.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-249">[Protect content overview](media-services-content-protection-overview.md)
[Protect with AES-128](media-services-protect-with-aes128.md)
[Protect with DRM](media-services-protect-with-drm.md)</span></span>

## <a name="delivering"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-250">Delivering</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-250">Delivering</span></span>
### <a id="dynamic_packaging"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-251">Dynamic packaging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-251">Dynamic packaging</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-252">When working with Media Services it is recommended to encode your mezzanine files into an adaptive bitrate MP4 set and then convert the set to the desired format using the [Dynamic Packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-252">When working with Media Services it is recommended to encode your mezzanine files into an adaptive bitrate MP4 set and then convert the set to the desired format using the [Dynamic Packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md).</span></span>

### <a name="streaming-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-253">Streaming endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-253">Streaming endpoint</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-254">A StreamingEndpoint represents a streaming service that can deliver content directly to a client player application, or to a Content Delivery Network (CDN) for further distribution (Azure Media Services now provides the Azure CDN integration.) The outbound stream from a streaming endpoint service can be a live stream, or a video on demand Asset in your Media Services account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-254">A StreamingEndpoint represents a streaming service that can deliver content directly to a client player application, or to a Content Delivery Network (CDN) for further distribution (Azure Media Services now provides the Azure CDN integration.) The outbound stream from a streaming endpoint service can be a live stream, or a video on demand Asset in your Media Services account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-255">Media Services customers choose either a **Standard** streaming endpoint or one or more **Premium** streaming endpoints, according to their needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-255">Media Services customers choose either a **Standard** streaming endpoint or one or more **Premium** streaming endpoints, according to their needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-256">Standard streaming endpoint is suitable for most streaming workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-256">Standard streaming endpoint is suitable for most streaming workloads.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-257">Standard Streaming Endpoint is suitable for most streaming workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-257">Standard Streaming Endpoint is suitable for most streaming workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-258">Standard Streaming Endpoints offer the flexibility to deliver your content to virtually every device through dynamic packaging into HLS, MPEG-DASH, and Smooth Streaming as well as dynamic encryption for Microsoft PlayReady, Google Widevine, Apple Fairplay, and AES128.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-258">Standard Streaming Endpoints offer the flexibility to deliver your content to virtually every device through dynamic packaging into HLS, MPEG-DASH, and Smooth Streaming as well as dynamic encryption for Microsoft PlayReady, Google Widevine, Apple Fairplay, and AES128.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-259">They also scale from very small to very large audiences with thousands of concurrent viewers through Azure CDN integration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-259">They also scale from very small to very large audiences with thousands of concurrent viewers through Azure CDN integration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-260">If you have an advanced workload or your streaming capacity requirements don't fit to standard streaming endpoint throughput targets or you want to control the capacity of the StreamingEndpoint service to handle growing bandwidth needs,  it is recommended to allocate scale units(also known as premium streaming units).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-260">If you have an advanced workload or your streaming capacity requirements don't fit to standard streaming endpoint throughput targets or you want to control the capacity of the StreamingEndpoint service to handle growing bandwidth needs,  it is recommended to allocate scale units(also known as premium streaming units).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-261">It is recommended to use dynamic packaging and/or dynamic encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-261">It is recommended to use dynamic packaging and/or dynamic encryption.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-262">When your AMS account is created a **default** streaming endpoint is added to your account in the **Stopped** state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-262">When your AMS account is created a **default** streaming endpoint is added to your account in the **Stopped** state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-263">To start streaming your content and take advantage of dynamic packaging and dynamic encryption, the streaming endpoint from which you want to stream content has to be in the **Running** state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-263">To start streaming your content and take advantage of dynamic packaging and dynamic encryption, the streaming endpoint from which you want to stream content has to be in the **Running** state.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-264">For more information, see [this](media-services-portal-manage-streaming-endpoints.md) topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-264">For more information, see [this](media-services-portal-manage-streaming-endpoints.md) topic.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-265">By default you can have up to 2 streaming endpoints in your Media Services account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-265">By default you can have up to 2 streaming endpoints in your Media Services account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-266">To request a higher limit, see [Quotas and limitations](media-services-quotas-and-limitations.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-266">To request a higher limit, see [Quotas and limitations](media-services-quotas-and-limitations.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-267">You are only billed when your StreamingEndpoint is in running state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-267">You are only billed when your StreamingEndpoint is in running state.</span></span>

### <a name="asset-delivery-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-268">Asset delivery policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-268">Asset delivery policy</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-269">One of the steps in the Media Services content delivery workflow is configuring [delivery policies for assets ](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/assetdeliverypolicy)that you want to be streamed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-269">One of the steps in the Media Services content delivery workflow is configuring [delivery policies for assets ](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/assetdeliverypolicy)that you want to be streamed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-270">The asset delivery policy tells Media Services how you want for your asset to be delivered: into which streaming protocol should your asset be dynamically packaged (for example, MPEG DASH, HLS, Smooth Streaming, or all), whether or not you want to dynamically encrypt your asset and how (envelope or common encryption).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-270">The asset delivery policy tells Media Services how you want for your asset to be delivered: into which streaming protocol should your asset be dynamically packaged (for example, MPEG DASH, HLS, Smooth Streaming, or all), whether or not you want to dynamically encrypt your asset and how (envelope or common encryption).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-271">If you have a storage encrypted asset, before your asset can be streamed, the streaming server removes the storage encryption and streams your content using the specified delivery policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-271">If you have a storage encrypted asset, before your asset can be streamed, the streaming server removes the storage encryption and streams your content using the specified delivery policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-272">For example, to deliver your asset encrypted with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) encryption key, set the policy type to DynamicEnvelopeEncryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-272">For example, to deliver your asset encrypted with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) encryption key, set the policy type to DynamicEnvelopeEncryption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-273">To remove storage encryption and stream the asset in the clear, set the policy type to NoDynamicEncryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-273">To remove storage encryption and stream the asset in the clear, set the policy type to NoDynamicEncryption.</span></span>

### <a name="progressive-download"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-274">Progressive download</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-274">Progressive download</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-275">Progressive download allows you to start playing media before the entire file has been downloaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-275">Progressive download allows you to start playing media before the entire file has been downloaded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-276">You can only progressively download an MP4 file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-276">You can only progressively download an MP4 file.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-277">Note that you must decrypt encrypted assets if you wish for them to be available for progressive download.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-277">Note that you must decrypt encrypted assets if you wish for them to be available for progressive download.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-278">To provide users with progressive download URLs, you first must create an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-278">To provide users with progressive download URLs, you first must create an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-279">Creating the locator, gives you the base Path to the asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-279">Creating the locator, gives you the base Path to the asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-280">You then need to append the name of MP4 file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-280">You then need to append the name of MP4 file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-281">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-281">For example:</span></span>

http://amstest1.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/3c5fe676-199c-4620-9b03-ba014900f214/BigBuckBunny_H264_650kbps_AAC_und_ch2_96kbps.mp4

### <a name="streaming-urls"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-282">Streaming URLs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-282">Streaming URLs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-283">Streaming your content to clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-283">Streaming your content to clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-284">To provide users with streaming URLs, you first must create an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-284">To provide users with streaming URLs, you first must create an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-285">Creating the locator, gives you the base Path to the asset that contains the content you want to stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-285">Creating the locator, gives you the base Path to the asset that contains the content you want to stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-286">However, to be able to stream this content you need to modify this path further.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-286">However, to be able to stream this content you need to modify this path further.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-287">To construct a full URL to the streaming manifest file, you must concatenate the locator’s Path value and the manifest (filename.ism) file name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-287">To construct a full URL to the streaming manifest file, you must concatenate the locator’s Path value and the manifest (filename.ism) file name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-288">Then, append /Manifest and an appropriate format (if needed) to the locator path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-288">Then, append /Manifest and an appropriate format (if needed) to the locator path.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-289">You can also stream your content over an SSL connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-289">You can also stream your content over an SSL connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-290">To do this, make sure your streaming URLs start with HTTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-290">To do this, make sure your streaming URLs start with HTTPS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-291">Note that, currently, AMS doesn’t support SSL with custom domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-291">Note that, currently, AMS doesn’t support SSL with custom domains.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-292">Note that you can only stream over SSL if the streaming endpoint from which you deliver your content was created after September 10th, 2014.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-292">Note that you can only stream over SSL if the streaming endpoint from which you deliver your content was created after September 10th, 2014.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-293">If your streaming URLs are based on the streaming endpoints created after September 10th, the URL contains "streaming.mediaservices.windows.net" (the new format).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-293">If your streaming URLs are based on the streaming endpoints created after September 10th, the URL contains "streaming.mediaservices.windows.net" (the new format).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-294">Streaming URLs that contain "origin.mediaservices.windows.net" (the old format) do not support SSL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-294">Streaming URLs that contain "origin.mediaservices.windows.net" (the old format) do not support SSL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-295">If your URL is in the old format and you want to be able to stream over SSL, create a new streaming endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-295">If your URL is in the old format and you want to be able to stream over SSL, create a new streaming endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-296">Use URLs created based on the new streaming endpoint to stream your content over SSL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-296">Use URLs created based on the new streaming endpoint to stream your content over SSL.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-297">The following list describes different streaming formats and gives examples:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-297">The following list describes different streaming formats and gives examples:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-298">Smooth Streaming</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-298">Smooth Streaming</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-299">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-299">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest

* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-300">MPEG DASH</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-300">MPEG DASH</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-301">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=mpd-time-csf)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-301">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=mpd-time-csf)</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=mpd-time-csf)

* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-302">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V4</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-302">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V4</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-303">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-303">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl)</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl)

* <span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-304">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V3</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-304">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V3</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-305">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-305">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3)</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3)

## <a name="media-services-learning-paths"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-306">Media Services learning paths</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-306">Media Services learning paths</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [media-services-learning-paths-include](../../includes/media-services-learning-paths-include.md)]

## <a name="provide-feedback"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc3a3-307">Provide feedback</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc3a3-307">Provide feedback</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [media-services-user-voice-include](../../includes/media-services-user-voice-include.md)]

