---
title: Delivering content to customers | Microsoft Docs
description: This topic gives an overview of what is involved in delivering your content with Azure Media Services.
services: media-services
documentationcenter: ''
author: Juliako
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 89ede54a-6a9c-4814-9858-dcfbb5f4fed5
ms.service: media-services
ms.workload: media
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 01/05/2017
ms.author: juliako
ms.openlocfilehash: 249b87ecc9e43fa26a74e27f91f807d60b275eeb
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44661303"
---
# <a name="deliver-content-to-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-103">Deliver content to customers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-103">Deliver content to customers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-104">When you're delivering your streaming or video-on-demand content to customers, your goal is to deliver high-quality video to various devices under different network conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-104">When you're delivering your streaming or video-on-demand content to customers, your goal is to deliver high-quality video to various devices under different network conditions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-105">To achieve this goal, you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-105">To achieve this goal, you can:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="13563-106">Encode your stream to a multi-bitrate (adaptive bitrate) video stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-106">Encode your stream to a multi-bitrate (adaptive bitrate) video stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-107">This will take care of quality and network conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-107">This will take care of quality and network conditions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="13563-108">Use Microsoft Azure Media Services [dynamic packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md) to dynamically re-package your stream into different protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-108">Use Microsoft Azure Media Services [dynamic packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md) to dynamically re-package your stream into different protocols.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-109">This will take care of streaming on different devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-109">This will take care of streaming on different devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-110">Media Services supports delivery of the following adaptive bitrate streaming technologies: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), Smooth Streaming, and MPEG-DASH.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-110">Media Services supports delivery of the following adaptive bitrate streaming technologies: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), Smooth Streaming, and MPEG-DASH.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="13563-111">When your AMS account is created a **default** streaming endpoint is added to your account in the **Stopped** state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-111">When your AMS account is created a **default** streaming endpoint is added to your account in the **Stopped** state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-112">To start streaming your content and take advantage of dynamic packaging and dynamic encryption, the streaming endpoint from which you want to stream content has to be in the **Running** state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-112">To start streaming your content and take advantage of dynamic packaging and dynamic encryption, the streaming endpoint from which you want to stream content has to be in the **Running** state.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="13563-113">This article gives an overview of important content delivery concepts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-113">This article gives an overview of important content delivery concepts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-114">To check known issues, see [Known issues](media-services-deliver-content-overview.md#known-issues).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-114">To check known issues, see [Known issues](media-services-deliver-content-overview.md#known-issues).</span></span>

## <a name="dynamic-packaging"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-115">Dynamic packaging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-115">Dynamic packaging</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-116">With the dynamic packaging that Media Services provides, you can deliver your adaptive bitrate MP4 or Smooth Streaming encoded content in streaming formats supported by Media Services (MPEG-DASH, HLS, Smooth Streaming,) without having to re-package into these streaming formats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-116">With the dynamic packaging that Media Services provides, you can deliver your adaptive bitrate MP4 or Smooth Streaming encoded content in streaming formats supported by Media Services (MPEG-DASH, HLS, Smooth Streaming,) without having to re-package into these streaming formats.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-117">We recommend delivering your content with dynamic packaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-117">We recommend delivering your content with dynamic packaging.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-118">To take advantage of dynamic packaging, you need to encode your mezzanine (source) file into a set of adaptive-bitrate MP4 files or adaptive bitrate Smooth Streaming files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-118">To take advantage of dynamic packaging, you need to encode your mezzanine (source) file into a set of adaptive-bitrate MP4 files or adaptive bitrate Smooth Streaming files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-119">With dynamic packaging, you store and pay for the files in single storage format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-119">With dynamic packaging, you store and pay for the files in single storage format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-120">Media Services will build and serve the appropriate response based on your requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-120">Media Services will build and serve the appropriate response based on your requests.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-121">Dynamic packaging is available for standard and premium streaming endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-121">Dynamic packaging is available for standard and premium streaming endpoints.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="13563-122">For more information, see [Dynamic packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-122">For more information, see [Dynamic packaging](media-services-dynamic-packaging-overview.md).</span></span>

## <a name="filters-and-dynamic-manifests"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-123">Filters and dynamic manifests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-123">Filters and dynamic manifests</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-124">You can define filters for your assets with Media Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-124">You can define filters for your assets with Media Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-125">These filters are server-side rules that help your customers do things like play a specific section of a video or specify a subset of audio and video renditions that your customer's device can handle (instead of all the renditions that are associated with the asset).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-125">These filters are server-side rules that help your customers do things like play a specific section of a video or specify a subset of audio and video renditions that your customer's device can handle (instead of all the renditions that are associated with the asset).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-126">This filtering is achieved through *dynamic manifests* that are created when your customer requests to stream a video based on one or more specified filters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-126">This filtering is achieved through *dynamic manifests* that are created when your customer requests to stream a video based on one or more specified filters.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-127">For more information, see [Filters and dynamic manifests](media-services-dynamic-manifest-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-127">For more information, see [Filters and dynamic manifests](media-services-dynamic-manifest-overview.md).</span></span>

## <a name="locators"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-128">Locators</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-128">Locators</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-129">To provide your user with a URL that can be used to stream or download your content, you first need to publish your asset by creating a locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-129">To provide your user with a URL that can be used to stream or download your content, you first need to publish your asset by creating a locator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-130">A locator provides an entry point to access the files contained in an asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-130">A locator provides an entry point to access the files contained in an asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-131">Media Services supports two types of locators:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-131">Media Services supports two types of locators:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="13563-132">OnDemandOrigin locators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-132">OnDemandOrigin locators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-133">These are used to stream media (for example, MPEG-DASH, HLS, or Smooth Streaming) or progressively download files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-133">These are used to stream media (for example, MPEG-DASH, HLS, or Smooth Streaming) or progressively download files.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="13563-134">Shared access signature (SAS) URL locators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-134">Shared access signature (SAS) URL locators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-135">These are used to download media files to your local computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-135">These are used to download media files to your local computer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-136">An *access policy* is used to define the permissions (such as read, write, and list) and duration for which a client has access for a particular asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-136">An *access policy* is used to define the permissions (such as read, write, and list) and duration for which a client has access for a particular asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-137">Note that the list permission (AccessPermissions.List) should not be used in creating an OrDemandOrigin locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-137">Note that the list permission (AccessPermissions.List) should not be used in creating an OrDemandOrigin locator.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-138">Locators have expiration dates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-138">Locators have expiration dates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-139">The Azure portal sets an expiration date 100 years in the future for locators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-139">The Azure portal sets an expiration date 100 years in the future for locators.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="13563-140">If you used the Azure portal to create locators before March 2015, those locators were set to expire after two years.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-140">If you used the Azure portal to create locators before March 2015, those locators were set to expire after two years.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="13563-141">To update an expiration date on a locator, use [REST](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/locator#update_a_locator) or [.NET](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=533259) APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-141">To update an expiration date on a locator, use [REST](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/media/operations/locator#update_a_locator) or [.NET](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=533259) APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-142">Note that when you update the expiration date of a SAS locator, the URL changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-142">Note that when you update the expiration date of a SAS locator, the URL changes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-143">Locators are not designed to manage per-user access control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-143">Locators are not designed to manage per-user access control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-144">You can give different access rights to individual users by using Digital Rights Management (DRM) solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-144">You can give different access rights to individual users by using Digital Rights Management (DRM) solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-145">For more information, see [Securing Media](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn282272.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-145">For more information, see [Securing Media](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn282272.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-146">When you create a locator, there may be a 30-second delay due to required storage and propagation processes in Azure Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-146">When you create a locator, there may be a 30-second delay due to required storage and propagation processes in Azure Storage.</span></span>

## <a name="adaptive-streaming"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-147">Adaptive streaming</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-147">Adaptive streaming</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-148">Adaptive bitrate technologies allow video player applications to determine network conditions and select from several bitrates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-148">Adaptive bitrate technologies allow video player applications to determine network conditions and select from several bitrates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-149">When network communication degrades, the client can select a lower bitrate so playback can continue with lower video quality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-149">When network communication degrades, the client can select a lower bitrate so playback can continue with lower video quality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-150">As network conditions improve, the client can switch to a higher bitrate with improved video quality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-150">As network conditions improve, the client can switch to a higher bitrate with improved video quality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-151">Azure Media Services supports the following adaptive bitrate technologies: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), Smooth Streaming, and MPEG-DASH.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-151">Azure Media Services supports the following adaptive bitrate technologies: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), Smooth Streaming, and MPEG-DASH.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-152">To provide users with streaming URLs, you first must create an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-152">To provide users with streaming URLs, you first must create an OnDemandOrigin locator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-153">Creating the locator gives you the base path to the asset that contains the content you want to stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-153">Creating the locator gives you the base path to the asset that contains the content you want to stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-154">However, to be able to stream this content, you need to modify this path further.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-154">However, to be able to stream this content, you need to modify this path further.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-155">To construct a full URL to the streaming manifest file, you must concatenate the locator’s path value and the manifest (filename.ism) file name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-155">To construct a full URL to the streaming manifest file, you must concatenate the locator’s path value and the manifest (filename.ism) file name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-156">Then append **/Manifest** and an appropriate format (if needed) to the locator path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-156">Then append **/Manifest** and an appropriate format (if needed) to the locator path.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="13563-157">You can also stream your content over an SSL connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-157">You can also stream your content over an SSL connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-158">To do this, make sure your streaming URLs start with HTTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-158">To do this, make sure your streaming URLs start with HTTPS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-159">Note that, currently, AMS doesn’t support SSL with custom domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-159">Note that, currently, AMS doesn’t support SSL with custom domains.</span></span>  
> 


<span data-ttu-id="13563-160">You can only stream over SSL if the streaming endpoint from which you deliver your content was created after September 10th, 2014.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-160">You can only stream over SSL if the streaming endpoint from which you deliver your content was created after September 10th, 2014.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-161">If your streaming URLs are based on the streaming endpoints created after September 10th, 2014, the URL contains “streaming.mediaservices.windows.net.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-161">If your streaming URLs are based on the streaming endpoints created after September 10th, 2014, the URL contains “streaming.mediaservices.windows.net.”</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-162">Streaming URLs that contain “origin.mediaservices.windows.net” (the old format) do not support SSL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-162">Streaming URLs that contain “origin.mediaservices.windows.net” (the old format) do not support SSL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-163">If your URL is in the old format and you want to be able to stream over SSL, create a new streaming endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-163">If your URL is in the old format and you want to be able to stream over SSL, create a new streaming endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-164">Use URLs based on the new streaming endpoint to stream your content over SSL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-164">Use URLs based on the new streaming endpoint to stream your content over SSL.</span></span>

## <a name="streaming-url-formats"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-165">Streaming URL formats</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-165">Streaming URL formats</span></span>
### <a name="mpeg-dash-format"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-166">MPEG-DASH format</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-166">MPEG-DASH format</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-167">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=mpd-time-csf)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-167">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=mpd-time-csf)</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=mpd-time-csf)

### <a name="apple-http-live-streaming-hls-v4-format"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-168">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V4 format</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-168">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V4 format</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-169">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-169">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl)</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl)

### <a name="apple-http-live-streaming-hls-v3-format"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-170">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V3 format</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-170">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) V3 format</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-171">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-171">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3)</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3)

### <a name="apple-http-live-streaming-hls-format-with-audio-only-filter"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-172">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) format with audio-only filter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-172">Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) format with audio-only filter</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-173">By default, audio-only tracks are included in the HLS manifest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-173">By default, audio-only tracks are included in the HLS manifest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-174">This is required for Apple Store certification for cellular networks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-174">This is required for Apple Store certification for cellular networks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-175">In this case, if a client doesn’t have sufficient bandwidth or is connected over a 2G connection, playback switches to audio-only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-175">In this case, if a client doesn’t have sufficient bandwidth or is connected over a 2G connection, playback switches to audio-only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-176">This helps to keep content streaming without buffering, but there is no video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-176">This helps to keep content streaming without buffering, but there is no video.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-177">In some scenarios, player buffering might be preferred over audio-only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-177">In some scenarios, player buffering might be preferred over audio-only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-178">If you want to remove the audio-only track, add **audio-only=false** to the URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-178">If you want to remove the audio-only track, add **audio-only=false** to the URL.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-179">http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3,audio-only=false)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-179">http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=m3u8-aapl-v3,audio-only=false)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-180">For more information, see [Dynamic Manifest Composition support and HLS output additional features](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azure-media-services-release-dynamic-manifest-composition-remove-hls-audio-only-track-and-hls-i-frame-track-support/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-180">For more information, see [Dynamic Manifest Composition support and HLS output additional features](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azure-media-services-release-dynamic-manifest-composition-remove-hls-audio-only-track-and-hls-i-frame-track-support/).</span></span>

### <a name="smooth-streaming-format"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-181">Smooth Streaming format</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-181">Smooth Streaming format</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-182">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-182">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-183">Example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-183">Example:</span></span>

http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest

### <a id="fmp4_v20"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-184">Smooth Streaming 2.0 manifest (legacy manifest)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-184">Smooth Streaming 2.0 manifest (legacy manifest)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-185">By default, Smooth Streaming manifest format contains the repeat tag (r-tag).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-185">By default, Smooth Streaming manifest format contains the repeat tag (r-tag).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-186">However, some players do not support the r-tag.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-186">However, some players do not support the r-tag.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-187">Clients with these players can use a format that disables the r-tag:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-187">Clients with these players can use a format that disables the r-tag:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-188">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=fmp4-v20)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-188">{streaming endpoint name-media services account name}.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/{locator ID}/{filename}.ism/Manifest(format=fmp4-v20)</span></span>

    http://testendpoint-testaccount.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/fecebb23-46f6-490d-8b70-203e86b0df58/BigBuckBunny.ism/Manifest(format=fmp4-v20)

## <a name="progressive-download"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-189">Progressive download</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-189">Progressive download</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-190">With progressive download, you can start playing media before the entire file has been downloaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-190">With progressive download, you can start playing media before the entire file has been downloaded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-191">You cannot progressively download .ism\* (ismv, isma, ismt, or ismc) files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-191">You cannot progressively download .ism\* (ismv, isma, ismt, or ismc) files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-192">To progressively download content, use the OnDemandOrigin type of locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-192">To progressively download content, use the OnDemandOrigin type of locator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-193">The following example shows the URL that is based on the OnDemandOrigin type of locator:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-193">The following example shows the URL that is based on the OnDemandOrigin type of locator:</span></span>

    http://amstest1.streaming.mediaservices.windows.net/3c5fe676-199c-4620-9b03-ba014900f214/BigBuckBunny_H264_650kbps_AAC_und_ch2_96kbps.mp4

<span data-ttu-id="13563-194">You must decrypt any storage-encrypted assets that you want to stream from the origin service for progressive download.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-194">You must decrypt any storage-encrypted assets that you want to stream from the origin service for progressive download.</span></span>

## <a name="download"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-195">Download</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-195">Download</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-196">To download your content to a client device, you must create a SAS Locator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-196">To download your content to a client device, you must create a SAS Locator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-197">The SAS locator gives you access to the Azure Storage container where your file is located.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-197">The SAS locator gives you access to the Azure Storage container where your file is located.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-198">To build the download URL, you have to embed the file name between the host and SAS signature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-198">To build the download URL, you have to embed the file name between the host and SAS signature.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-199">The following example shows the URL that is based on the SAS locator:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-199">The following example shows the URL that is based on the SAS locator:</span></span>

    https://test001.blob.core.windows.net/asset-ca7a4c3f-9eb5-4fd8-a898-459cb17761bd/BigBuckBunny.mp4?sv=2012-02-12&se=2014-05-03T01%3A23%3A50Z&sr=c&si=7c093e7c-7dab-45b4-beb4-2bfdff764bb5&sig=msEHP90c6JHXEOtTyIWqD7xio91GtVg0UIzjdpFscHk%3D

<span data-ttu-id="13563-200">The following considerations apply:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-200">The following considerations apply:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="13563-201">You must decrypt any storage-encrypted assets that you want to stream from the origin service for progressive download.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-201">You must decrypt any storage-encrypted assets that you want to stream from the origin service for progressive download.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="13563-202">A download that has not finished within 12 hours will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-202">A download that has not finished within 12 hours will fail.</span></span>

## <a name="streaming-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-203">Streaming endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-203">Streaming endpoints</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-204">A streaming endpoint represents a streaming service that can deliver content directly to a client player application or to a content delivery network (CDN) for further distribution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-204">A streaming endpoint represents a streaming service that can deliver content directly to a client player application or to a content delivery network (CDN) for further distribution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-205">The outbound stream from a streaming endpoint service can be a live stream or a video-on-demand asset in your Media Services account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-205">The outbound stream from a streaming endpoint service can be a live stream or a video-on-demand asset in your Media Services account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-206">There are two types of streaming endpoints, **standard** and **premium**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-206">There are two types of streaming endpoints, **standard** and **premium**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-207">For more information, see [Streaming endpoints overview](media-services-streaming-endpoints-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-207">For more information, see [Streaming endpoints overview](media-services-streaming-endpoints-overview.md).</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="13563-208">When your AMS account is created a **default** streaming endpoint is added to your account in the **Stopped** state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-208">When your AMS account is created a **default** streaming endpoint is added to your account in the **Stopped** state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-209">To start streaming your content and take advantage of dynamic packaging and dynamic encryption, the streaming endpoint from which you want to stream content has to be in the **Running** state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-209">To start streaming your content and take advantage of dynamic packaging and dynamic encryption, the streaming endpoint from which you want to stream content has to be in the **Running** state.</span></span> 

## <a name="known-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-210">Known issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-210">Known issues</span></span>
### <a name="changes-to-smooth-streaming-manifest-version"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-211">Changes to Smooth Streaming manifest version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-211">Changes to Smooth Streaming manifest version</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="13563-212">Before the July 2016 service release--when assets produced by Media Encoder Standard, Media Encoder Premium Workflow, or the earlier Azure Media Encoder were streamed by using dynamic packaging--the Smooth Streaming manifest returned would conform to version 2.0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-212">Before the July 2016 service release--when assets produced by Media Encoder Standard, Media Encoder Premium Workflow, or the earlier Azure Media Encoder were streamed by using dynamic packaging--the Smooth Streaming manifest returned would conform to version 2.0.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-213">In version 2.0, the fragment durations do not use the so-called repeat (‘r’) tags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-213">In version 2.0, the fragment durations do not use the so-called repeat (‘r’) tags.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-214">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-214">For example:</span></span>

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <SmoothStreamingMedia MajorVersion="2" MinorVersion="0" Duration="8000" TimeScale="1000">
        <StreamIndex Chunks="4" Type="video" Url="QualityLevels({bitrate})/Fragments(video={start time})" QualityLevels="3" Subtype="" Name="video" TimeScale="1000">
            <QualityLevel Index="0" Bitrate="1000000" FourCC="AVC1" MaxWidth="640" MaxHeight="360" CodecPrivateData="00000001674D4029965201405FF2E02A100000030010000003032E0A000F42400040167F18E3050007A12000200B3F8C70ED0B16890000000168EB7352" />
            <c t="0" d="2000" n="0" />
            <c d="2000" />
            <c d="2000" />
            <c d="2000" />
        </StreamIndex>
    </SmoothStreamingMedia>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-215">In the July 2016 service release, the generated Smooth Streaming manifest conforms to version 2.2, with fragment durations using repeat tags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-215">In the July 2016 service release, the generated Smooth Streaming manifest conforms to version 2.2, with fragment durations using repeat tags.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-216">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-216">For example:</span></span>

    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <SmoothStreamingMedia MajorVersion="2" MinorVersion="2" Duration="8000" TimeScale="1000">
        <StreamIndex Chunks="4" Type="video" Url="QualityLevels({bitrate})/Fragments(video={start time})" QualityLevels="3" Subtype="" Name="video" TimeScale="1000">
            <QualityLevel Index="0" Bitrate="1000000" FourCC="AVC1" MaxWidth="640" MaxHeight="360" CodecPrivateData="00000001674D4029965201405FF2E02A100000030010000003032E0A000F42400040167F18E3050007A12000200B3F8C70ED0B16890000000168EB7352" />
            <c t="0" d="2000" r="4" />
        </StreamIndex>
    </SmoothStreamingMedia>

<span data-ttu-id="13563-217">Some of the legacy Smooth Streaming clients may not support the repeat tags and will fail to load the manifest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-217">Some of the legacy Smooth Streaming clients may not support the repeat tags and will fail to load the manifest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-218">To mitigate this issue, you can use the legacy manifest format parameter **(format=fmp4-v20)** or update your client to the latest version, which supports repeat tags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-218">To mitigate this issue, you can use the legacy manifest format parameter **(format=fmp4-v20)** or update your client to the latest version, which supports repeat tags.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13563-219">For more information, see [Smooth Streaming 2.0](media-services-deliver-content-overview.md#fmp4_v20).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-219">For more information, see [Smooth Streaming 2.0](media-services-deliver-content-overview.md#fmp4_v20).</span></span>

## <a name="media-services-learning-paths"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-220">Media Services learning paths</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-220">Media Services learning paths</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [media-services-learning-paths-include](../../includes/media-services-learning-paths-include.md)]

## <a name="provide-feedback"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-221">Provide feedback</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-221">Provide feedback</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [media-services-user-voice-include](../../includes/media-services-user-voice-include.md)]

## <a name="related-topics"></a><span data-ttu-id="13563-222">Related topics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-222">Related topics</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="13563-223">Update Media Services locators after rolling storage keys</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13563-223">Update Media Services locators after rolling storage keys</span></span>](media-services-roll-storage-access-keys.md)

