---
title: Azure Video Indexer overview | Microsoft Docs
description: This topic gives an overview of the Video Indexer service.
services: cognitive services
documentationcenter: ''
author: juliako
manager: erikre
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.component: video-indexer
ms.topic: overview
ms.date: 07/25/2018
ms.author: nolachar
ms.openlocfilehash: f52c4af29d0c7de8b5edbe869640ffc5dddb5c5e
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44865668"
---
# <a name="what-is-video-indexer-preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="4960e-103">What is Video Indexer?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-103">What is Video Indexer?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-104">(preview)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-104">(preview)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4960e-105">Video Indexer is a cloud application built using Azure Media Analytics, Cognitive Services (such as the Face API, Microsoft Translator, the Computer Vision API, and Custom Speech Service), and Azure Search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-105">Video Indexer is a cloud application built using Azure Media Analytics, Cognitive Services (such as the Face API, Microsoft Translator, the Computer Vision API, and Custom Speech Service), and Azure Search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-106">It enables you to extract the following insights from your videos using artificial intelligence technologies:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-106">It enables you to extract the following insights from your videos using artificial intelligence technologies:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-107">**Automatic language detection**: Video Indexer can automatically detect the language of the video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-107">**Automatic language detection**: Video Indexer can automatically detect the language of the video.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-108">Auto language detection currently supports English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Chinese (Simplified), Japanese, Russian.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-108">Auto language detection currently supports English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Chinese (Simplified), Japanese, Russian.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-109">Will fallback to English when the language can't be detected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-109">Will fallback to English when the language can't be detected.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-110">**Audio transcription**: Video Indexer has speech-to-text functionality, which enables customers to get a transcript of the spoken words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-110">**Audio transcription**: Video Indexer has speech-to-text functionality, which enables customers to get a transcript of the spoken words.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-111">Supported languages include English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Chinese (Simplified), Portuguese (Brazilian), Japanese, and Russian (with many more to come in the future).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-111">Supported languages include English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Chinese (Simplified), Portuguese (Brazilian), Japanese, and Russian (with many more to come in the future).</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-112">**Face tracking and identification**: Face technologies enable detection of faces in a video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-112">**Face tracking and identification**: Face technologies enable detection of faces in a video.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-113">The detected faces are matched against a celebrity database to evaluate which celebrities are present in the video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-113">The detected faces are matched against a celebrity database to evaluate which celebrities are present in the video.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-114">Customers can also label faces that do not match a celebrity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-114">Customers can also label faces that do not match a celebrity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-115">Video Indexer builds a face model based on those labels and can recognize those faces in videos submitted in the future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-115">Video Indexer builds a face model based on those labels and can recognize those faces in videos submitted in the future.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-116">**Speaker indexing**: Video Indexer has the ability to map and understand which speaker spoke which words and when.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-116">**Speaker indexing**: Video Indexer has the ability to map and understand which speaker spoke which words and when.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-117">**Visual text recognition**: With this technology, Video Indexer service extracts text that is displayed in the videos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-117">**Visual text recognition**: With this technology, Video Indexer service extracts text that is displayed in the videos.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-118">**Voice activity detection**: Detection enables Video Indexer to separate background noise and voice activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-118">**Voice activity detection**: Detection enables Video Indexer to separate background noise and voice activity.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-119">**Scene detection**: Video Indexer has the ability to perform visual analysis on the video to determine when a scene changes in a video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-119">**Scene detection**: Video Indexer has the ability to perform visual analysis on the video to determine when a scene changes in a video.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-120">**Keyframe extraction**: Video Indexer automatically detects keyframes in a video.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-120">**Keyframe extraction**: Video Indexer automatically detects keyframes in a video.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-121">**Sentiment analysis**: Video Indexer performs sentiment analysis on the text extracted using speech-to-text and optical character recognition, and provides that information in the form of positive, negative, or neutral sentiments, along with timecodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-121">**Sentiment analysis**: Video Indexer performs sentiment analysis on the text extracted using speech-to-text and optical character recognition, and provides that information in the form of positive, negative, or neutral sentiments, along with timecodes.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-122">**Translation**: Video Indexer has the ability to translate the audio transcript from one language to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-122">**Translation**: Video Indexer has the ability to translate the audio transcript from one language to another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-123">The following languages are supported: English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Chinese-Simplified, Portuguese-Brazilian, Japanese, and Russian.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-123">The following languages are supported: English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Chinese-Simplified, Portuguese-Brazilian, Japanese, and Russian.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-124">Once translated, the user can even get captioning in the video player in other languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-124">Once translated, the user can even get captioning in the video player in other languages.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-125">**Visual content moderation**: This technology enables detection of adult and/or racy material present in the video and can be used for content filtering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-125">**Visual content moderation**: This technology enables detection of adult and/or racy material present in the video and can be used for content filtering.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-126">**Keywords extraction**: Video Indexer extracts keywords based on the transcript of the spoken words and text recognized by visual text recognizer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-126">**Keywords extraction**: Video Indexer extracts keywords based on the transcript of the spoken words and text recognized by visual text recognizer.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-127">**Labels**: Video Indexer provides labels for visual objects such as cat, dog, table, car, as well as actions such as standing, running or flying.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-127">**Labels**: Video Indexer provides labels for visual objects such as cat, dog, table, car, as well as actions such as standing, running or flying.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-128">**Brands**: Video Indexer extracts business brands based on the transcript of the spoken words and text recognized by visual text recognizer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-128">**Brands**: Video Indexer extracts business brands based on the transcript of the spoken words and text recognized by visual text recognizer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4960e-129">Once Video Indexer is done processing and analyzing, you can review, curate, search, and publish the video insights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-129">Once Video Indexer is done processing and analyzing, you can review, curate, search, and publish the video insights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4960e-130">Whether your role is a content manager or a developer, the Video Indexer service is able to address your needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-130">Whether your role is a content manager or a developer, the Video Indexer service is able to address your needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-131">Content managers can use the Video Indexer web portal to consume the service without writing a single line of code, see [Get started using the Video Indexer portal](video-indexer-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-131">Content managers can use the Video Indexer web portal to consume the service without writing a single line of code, see [Get started using the Video Indexer portal](video-indexer-get-started.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-132">Developers can take advantage of APIs to process content at scale, see [Use Video Indexer REST API](video-indexer-use-apis.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-132">Developers can take advantage of APIs to process content at scale, see [Use Video Indexer REST API](video-indexer-use-apis.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-133">The service also enables customers to use widgets to publish video streams and extracted insights in their own applications, see [Embed visual widgets in your application](video-indexer-embed-widgets.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-133">The service also enables customers to use widgets to publish video streams and extracted insights in their own applications, see [Embed visual widgets in your application](video-indexer-embed-widgets.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4960e-134">You can sign up for the service using existing AAD, LinkedIn, Facebook, Google, or MSA account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-134">You can sign up for the service using existing AAD, LinkedIn, Facebook, Google, or MSA account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-135">For more information, see [getting started](video-indexer-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-135">For more information, see [getting started](video-indexer-get-started.md).</span></span>

## <a name="scenarios"></a><span data-ttu-id="4960e-136">Scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-136">Scenarios</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4960e-137">Below are a few scenarios where Video Indexer can be useful</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-137">Below are a few scenarios where Video Indexer can be useful</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-138">Search – Insights extracted from the video can be used to enhance the search experience across a video library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-138">Search – Insights extracted from the video can be used to enhance the search experience across a video library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-139">For example, indexing spoken words and faces can enable the search experience of finding moments in a video where a particular person spoke certain words or when two people were seen together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-139">For example, indexing spoken words and faces can enable the search experience of finding moments in a video where a particular person spoke certain words or when two people were seen together.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-140">Search based on such insights from videos is applicable to news agencies, educational institutes, broadcasters, entertainment content owners, enterprise LOB apps and in general to any industry that has a video library that users need to search against.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-140">Search based on such insights from videos is applicable to news agencies, educational institutes, broadcasters, entertainment content owners, enterprise LOB apps and in general to any industry that has a video library that users need to search against.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-141">Monetization – Video Indexer can help improve the value of videos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-141">Monetization – Video Indexer can help improve the value of videos.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-142">As an example, industries that rely on ad revenue (for example, news media, social media, etc.), can deliver more relevant ads by using the extracted insights as additional signals to the ad server (presenting a sports shoe ad is more relevant in the middle of a football match vs. a swimming competition).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-142">As an example, industries that rely on ad revenue (for example, news media, social media, etc.), can deliver more relevant ads by using the extracted insights as additional signals to the ad server (presenting a sports shoe ad is more relevant in the middle of a football match vs. a swimming competition).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4960e-143">User engagement – Video insights can be used to improve user engagement by positioning the relevant video moments to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-143">User engagement – Video insights can be used to improve user engagement by positioning the relevant video moments to users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-144">As an example, consider an educational video that explains spheres for the first 30 minutes and pyramids in the next 30 minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-144">As an example, consider an educational video that explains spheres for the first 30 minutes and pyramids in the next 30 minutes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-145">A student reading about pyramids would benefit more if the video is positioned starting from the 30-minute marker.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-145">A student reading about pyramids would benefit more if the video is positioned starting from the 30-minute marker.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4960e-146">For more information, see this [blog](http://aka.ms/videoindexerblog).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-146">For more information, see this [blog](http://aka.ms/videoindexerblog).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="4960e-147">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-147">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4960e-148">You're ready to get started with Video Indexer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-148">You're ready to get started with Video Indexer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4960e-149">For more information, see the following articles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-149">For more information, see the following articles:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="4960e-150">Get started with the Video Indexer portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-150">Get started with the Video Indexer portal</span></span>](video-indexer-get-started.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="4960e-151">Process content with Video Indexer REST API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-151">Process content with Video Indexer REST API</span></span>](video-indexer-use-apis.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="4960e-152">Embed visual widgets in your application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4960e-152">Embed visual widgets in your application</span></span>](video-indexer-embed-widgets.md)
