---
title: Azure Event Hubs FAQ | Microsoft Docs
description: Azure Event Hubs frequently asked questions (FAQ)
services: event-hubs
documentationcenter: na
author: sethmanheim
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: bfa10984-eb22-4671-861a-f377a90d9372
ms.service: event-hubs
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/13/2017
ms.author: sethm;jotaub;shvija
ms.openlocfilehash: 7bae4ae6d41e6dc6515a3fcdf574ffd193ae1aa3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553487"
---
# <a name="event-hubs-frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-103">Event Hubs frequently asked questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-103">Event Hubs frequently asked questions</span></span>

## <a name="general"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-104">General</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-104">General</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-the-difference-between-event-hubs-basic-and-standard-tiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-105">What is the difference between Event Hubs Basic and Standard tiers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-105">What is the difference between Event Hubs Basic and Standard tiers?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-106">The Standard tier of Azure Event Hubs provides features beyond what is available in the Basic tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-106">The Standard tier of Azure Event Hubs provides features beyond what is available in the Basic tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-107">The following features are included with Standard:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-107">The following features are included with Standard:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b6443-108">Longer event retention</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-108">Longer event retention</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b6443-109">Additional brokered connections, with an overage charge for more than the number included</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-109">Additional brokered connections, with an overage charge for more than the number included</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b6443-110">More than a single Consumer Group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-110">More than a single Consumer Group</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="b6443-111">Archive</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-111">Archive</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-archive-overview)

<span data-ttu-id="b6443-112">For a more details regarding pricing tiers, including Dedicated Event Hubs, see the [Event Hubs pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-112">For a more details regarding pricing tiers, including Dedicated Event Hubs, see the [Event Hubs pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/).</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-event-hubs-throughput-units"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-113">What are Event Hubs throughput units?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-113">What are Event Hubs throughput units?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-114">You explicitly select Event Hubs throughput units, either through the Azure portal or Event Hubs resource manager templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-114">You explicitly select Event Hubs throughput units, either through the Azure portal or Event Hubs resource manager templates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-115">Throughput units apply to all Event Hubs in an Event Hubs namespace, and each throughput unit entitles the namespace to the following capabilities:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-115">Throughput units apply to all Event Hubs in an Event Hubs namespace, and each throughput unit entitles the namespace to the following capabilities:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b6443-116">Up to 1 MB per second of ingress events (events sent into an Event Hub), but no more than 1000 ingress events, management operations or control API calls per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-116">Up to 1 MB per second of ingress events (events sent into an Event Hub), but no more than 1000 ingress events, management operations or control API calls per second.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b6443-117">Up to 2 MB per second of egress events (events consumed from an Event Hub).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-117">Up to 2 MB per second of egress events (events consumed from an Event Hub).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b6443-118">Up to 84 GB of event storage (sufficient for the default 24-hour retention period).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-118">Up to 84 GB of event storage (sufficient for the default 24-hour retention period).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b6443-119">Event Hubs throughput units are billed hourly, based on the maximum number of units selected during the given hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-119">Event Hubs throughput units are billed hourly, based on the maximum number of units selected during the given hour.</span></span>

### <a name="how-are-event-hubs-throughput-unit-limits-enforced"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-120">How are Event Hubs throughput unit limits enforced?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-120">How are Event Hubs throughput unit limits enforced?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-121">If the total ingress throughput or the total ingress event rate across all Event Hubs in a namespace exceeds the aggregate throughput unit allowances, senders will be throttled and will receive errors indicating that the ingress quota has been exceeded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-121">If the total ingress throughput or the total ingress event rate across all Event Hubs in a namespace exceeds the aggregate throughput unit allowances, senders will be throttled and will receive errors indicating that the ingress quota has been exceeded.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b6443-122">If the total egress throughput or the total event egress rate across all Event Hubs in a namespace exceeds the aggregate throughput unit allowances, receivers will be throttled and will receive errors indicating that the egress quota has been exceeded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-122">If the total egress throughput or the total event egress rate across all Event Hubs in a namespace exceeds the aggregate throughput unit allowances, receivers will be throttled and will receive errors indicating that the egress quota has been exceeded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-123">Ingress and egress quotas are enforced separately, so that no sender can cause event consumption to slow down, nor can a receiver prevent events from being sent into an Event Hub.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-123">Ingress and egress quotas are enforced separately, so that no sender can cause event consumption to slow down, nor can a receiver prevent events from being sent into an Event Hub.</span></span>

### <a name="is-there-a-limit-on-the-number-of-throughput-units-that-can-be-selected"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-124">Is there a limit on the number of throughput units that can be selected?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-124">Is there a limit on the number of throughput units that can be selected?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-125">There is a default quota of 20 throughput units per namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-125">There is a default quota of 20 throughput units per namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-126">You can request a larger quota of throughput units by filing a support ticket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-126">You can request a larger quota of throughput units by filing a support ticket.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-127">Beyond the 20 throughput unit limit, bundles are available in 20 and 100 throughput units.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-127">Beyond the 20 throughput unit limit, bundles are available in 20 and 100 throughput units.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-128">Note that using more than 20 throughput units removes the ability to change the number of throughput units without filing a support ticket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-128">Note that using more than 20 throughput units removes the ability to change the number of throughput units without filing a support ticket.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-use-a-single-amqp-connection-to-send-and-receive-from-multiple-event-hubs"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-129">Can I use a single AMQP connection to send and receive from multiple Event Hubs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-129">Can I use a single AMQP connection to send and receive from multiple Event Hubs?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-130">Yes, as long as all of the Event Hubs are in the same namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-130">Yes, as long as all of the Event Hubs are in the same namespace.</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-the-maximum-retention-period-for-events"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-131">What is the maximum retention period for events?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-131">What is the maximum retention period for events?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-132">Event Hubs Standard tier currently supports a maximum retention period of 7 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-132">Event Hubs Standard tier currently supports a maximum retention period of 7 days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-133">Note that Event Hubs are not intended as a permanent data store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-133">Note that Event Hubs are not intended as a permanent data store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-134">Retention periods greater than 24 hours are intended for scenarios in which it is convenient to replay an event stream into the same systems; for example, to train or verify a new machine learning model on existing data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-134">Retention periods greater than 24 hours are intended for scenarios in which it is convenient to replay an event stream into the same systems; for example, to train or verify a new machine learning model on existing data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-135">If you need message retention beyond 7 days, enabling [Archive](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-archive-overview) on your Event Hub will pull the data from your Event Hub to the storage of your choosing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-135">If you need message retention beyond 7 days, enabling [Archive](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-archive-overview) on your Event Hub will pull the data from your Event Hub to the storage of your choosing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-136">Enabling Archive will incur a charge based on your purchased Throughput Unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-136">Enabling Archive will incur a charge based on your purchased Throughput Unit.</span></span>

### <a name="where-is-azure-event-hubs-available"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-137">Where is Azure Event Hubs available?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-137">Where is Azure Event Hubs available?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-138">Azure Event Hubs is available in all supported Azure regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-138">Azure Event Hubs is available in all supported Azure regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-139">For a list, visit the [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-139">For a list, visit the [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/) page.</span></span>  

## <a name="best-practices"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-140">Best practices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-140">Best practices</span></span>

### <a name="how-many-partitions-do-i-need"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-141">How many partitions do I need?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-141">How many partitions do I need?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-142">Please keep in mind that the partition count on an Event Hub cannot be modified after setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-142">Please keep in mind that the partition count on an Event Hub cannot be modified after setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-143">With that in mind, it is important to think about how many partitions you need before getting started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-143">With that in mind, it is important to think about how many partitions you need before getting started.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b6443-144">Event Hubs is designed to allow a single partition reader per consumer group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-144">Event Hubs is designed to allow a single partition reader per consumer group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-145">In most use cases, the default setting of four partitions is sufficient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-145">In most use cases, the default setting of four partitions is sufficient.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-146">If you are looking to scale your event processing, you may want to consider adding additional partitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-146">If you are looking to scale your event processing, you may want to consider adding additional partitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-147">There is no specific throughput limit on a partition, however the aggregate throughput in your namespace is limited by the number of throughput units.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-147">There is no specific throughput limit on a partition, however the aggregate throughput in your namespace is limited by the number of throughput units.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-148">As you increase the number of throughput units in your namespace, you may want additional partitions to allow concurrent readers to achieve their own maximum throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-148">As you increase the number of throughput units in your namespace, you may want additional partitions to allow concurrent readers to achieve their own maximum throughput.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b6443-149">However, if you have a model in which your application has an affinity to a particular partition, increasing the number of partitions may not be of any benefit to you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-149">However, if you have a model in which your application has an affinity to a particular partition, increasing the number of partitions may not be of any benefit to you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-150">For more information on this please see [availability and consistency](event-hubs-availability-and-consistency.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-150">For more information on this please see [availability and consistency](event-hubs-availability-and-consistency.md).</span></span>

## <a name="pricing"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-151">Pricing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-151">Pricing</span></span>

### <a name="where-can-i-find-more-pricing-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-152">Where can I find more pricing information?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-152">Where can I find more pricing information?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-153">For complete information about Event Hubs pricing, see the [Event Hubs pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-153">For complete information about Event Hubs pricing, see the [Event Hubs pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/).</span></span>

### <a name="is-there-a-charge-for-retaining-event-hubs-events-for-more-than-24-hours"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-154">Is there a charge for retaining Event Hubs events for more than 24 hours?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-154">Is there a charge for retaining Event Hubs events for more than 24 hours?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-155">The Event Hubs Standard tier does allow message retention periods longer than 24 hours, for a maximum of 7 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-155">The Event Hubs Standard tier does allow message retention periods longer than 24 hours, for a maximum of 7 days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-156">If the size of the total number of stored events exceeds the storage allowance for the number of selected throughput units (84 GB per throughput unit), the size that exceeds the allowance is charged at the published Azure Blob storage rate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-156">If the size of the total number of stored events exceeds the storage allowance for the number of selected throughput units (84 GB per throughput unit), the size that exceeds the allowance is charged at the published Azure Blob storage rate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-157">The storage allowance in each throughput unit covers all storage costs for retention periods of 24 hours (the default) even if the throughput unit is used up to the maximum ingress allowance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-157">The storage allowance in each throughput unit covers all storage costs for retention periods of 24 hours (the default) even if the throughput unit is used up to the maximum ingress allowance.</span></span>

### <a name="how-is-the-event-hubs-storage-size-calculated-and-charged"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-158">How is the Event Hubs storage size calculated and charged?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-158">How is the Event Hubs storage size calculated and charged?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-159">The total size of all stored events, including any internal overhead for event headers or on disk storage structures in all Event Hubs, is measured throughout the day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-159">The total size of all stored events, including any internal overhead for event headers or on disk storage structures in all Event Hubs, is measured throughout the day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-160">At the end of the day, the peak storage size is calculated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-160">At the end of the day, the peak storage size is calculated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-161">The daily storage allowance is calculated based on the minimum number of throughput units that were selected during the day (each throughput unit provides an allowance of 84 GB).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-161">The daily storage allowance is calculated based on the minimum number of throughput units that were selected during the day (each throughput unit provides an allowance of 84 GB).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-162">If the total size exceeds the calculated daily storage allowance, the excess storage is billed using Azure Blob storage rates (at the **Locally Redundant Storage** rate).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-162">If the total size exceeds the calculated daily storage allowance, the excess storage is billed using Azure Blob storage rates (at the **Locally Redundant Storage** rate).</span></span>

### <a name="how-are-event-hubs-ingress-events-calculated"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-163">How are Event Hubs ingress events calculated?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-163">How are Event Hubs ingress events calculated?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-164">Each event sent to an Event Hub counts as a billable message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-164">Each event sent to an Event Hub counts as a billable message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-165">An *ingress event* is defined as a unit of data that is less than or equal to 64 KB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-165">An *ingress event* is defined as a unit of data that is less than or equal to 64 KB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-166">Any event that is less than or equal to 64 KB in size is considered to be one billable event.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-166">Any event that is less than or equal to 64 KB in size is considered to be one billable event.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-167">If the event is greater than 64 KB, the number of billable events is calculated according to the event size, in multiples of 64 KB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-167">If the event is greater than 64 KB, the number of billable events is calculated according to the event size, in multiples of 64 KB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-168">For example, an 8 KB event sent to the Event Hub is billed as one event, but a 96 KB message sent to the Event Hub is billed as two events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-168">For example, an 8 KB event sent to the Event Hub is billed as one event, but a 96 KB message sent to the Event Hub is billed as two events.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b6443-169">Events consumed from an Event Hub, as well as management operations and control calls such as checkpoints, are not counted as billable ingress events, but accrue up to the throughput unit allowance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-169">Events consumed from an Event Hub, as well as management operations and control calls such as checkpoints, are not counted as billable ingress events, but accrue up to the throughput unit allowance.</span></span>

### <a name="do-brokered-connection-charges-apply-to-event-hubs"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-170">Do brokered connection charges apply to Event Hubs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-170">Do brokered connection charges apply to Event Hubs?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-171">Connection charges apply only when the AMQP protocol is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-171">Connection charges apply only when the AMQP protocol is used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-172">There are no connection charges for sending events using HTTP, regardless of the number of sending systems or devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-172">There are no connection charges for sending events using HTTP, regardless of the number of sending systems or devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-173">If you plan to use AMQP (for example, to achieve more efficient event streaming or to enable bi-directional communication in IoT command and control scenarios), please refer to the [Event Hubs pricing information](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/) page for details regarding how many connections are included in each service tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-173">If you plan to use AMQP (for example, to achieve more efficient event streaming or to enable bi-directional communication in IoT command and control scenarios), please refer to the [Event Hubs pricing information](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/) page for details regarding how many connections are included in each service tier.</span></span>

### <a name="how-is-event-hubs-archive-billed"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-174">How is Event Hubs Archive billed?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-174">How is Event Hubs Archive billed?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-175">Archive is enabled when any Event Hub in the namespace has the Archive feature enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-175">Archive is enabled when any Event Hub in the namespace has the Archive feature enabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-176">Archive is billed hourly per purchased Throughput Unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-176">Archive is billed hourly per purchased Throughput Unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-177">As the Throughput Unit count is increased or decreased, Event Hubs Archive billing will reflect these changes in whole hour increments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-177">As the Throughput Unit count is increased or decreased, Event Hubs Archive billing will reflect these changes in whole hour increments.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-178">please refer to the [Event Hubs pricing information](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/) page for details regarding Event Hubs Archive billing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-178">please refer to the [Event Hubs pricing information](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/) page for details regarding Event Hubs Archive billing.</span></span>

### <a name="will-i-be-billed-for-the-storage-account-i-select-for-event-hubs-archive"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-179">Will I be billed for the storage account I select for Event Hubs Archive?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-179">Will I be billed for the storage account I select for Event Hubs Archive?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-180">Archive uses a storage account you provide when enabled on an Event Hub.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-180">Archive uses a storage account you provide when enabled on an Event Hub.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-181">As this is your storage account, any changes for this will be billed to your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-181">As this is your storage account, any changes for this will be billed to your Azure subscription.</span></span>

## <a name="quotas"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-182">Quotas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-182">Quotas</span></span>

### <a name="are-there-any-quotas-associated-with-event-hubs"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-183">Are there any quotas associated with Event Hubs?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-183">Are there any quotas associated with Event Hubs?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-184">For a list of all Event Hubs quotas, see [quotas](event-hubs-quotas.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-184">For a list of all Event Hubs quotas, see [quotas](event-hubs-quotas.md).</span></span>

## <a name="troubleshooting"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-185">Troubleshooting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-185">Troubleshooting</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-some-of-the-exceptions-generated-by-event-hubs-and-their-suggested-actions"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-186">What are some of the exceptions generated by Event Hubs and their suggested actions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-186">What are some of the exceptions generated by Event Hubs and their suggested actions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-187">For a list of possible Event Hubs exceptions, see [Exceptions overview](event-hubs-messaging-exceptions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-187">For a list of possible Event Hubs exceptions, see [Exceptions overview](event-hubs-messaging-exceptions.md).</span></span>

### <a name="diagnostic-logs"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-188">Diagnostic logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-188">Diagnostic logs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-189">Event Hubs supports two types of [diagnostics logs](event-hubs-diagnostic-logs.md) - Archive error logs and operational logs - both of which are represented in json and can be turned on through the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-189">Event Hubs supports two types of [diagnostics logs](event-hubs-diagnostic-logs.md) - Archive error logs and operational logs - both of which are represented in json and can be turned on through the Azure portal.</span></span>

### <a name="support-and-sla"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-190">Support and SLA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-190">Support and SLA</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-191">Technical support for Event Hubs is available through the [community forums](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/forums/azure/home).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-191">Technical support for Event Hubs is available through the [community forums](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/forums/azure/home).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b6443-192">Billing and subscription management support is provided at no cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-192">Billing and subscription management support is provided at no cost.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b6443-193">To learn more about our SLA, see the [Service Level Agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-193">To learn more about our SLA, see the [Service Level Agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) page.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="b6443-194">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-194">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b6443-195">You can learn more about Event Hubs by visiting the following links:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-195">You can learn more about Event Hubs by visiting the following links:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="b6443-196">Event Hubs overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-196">Event Hubs overview</span></span>](event-hubs-what-is-event-hubs.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b6443-197">Create an Event Hub</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b6443-197">Create an Event Hub</span></span>](event-hubs-create.md)
