---
title: What is Azure Automation | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn what value Azure Automation provides and get answers to common questions so that you can get started in creating, using runbooks and Azure Automation DSC.
services: automation
documentationcenter: ''
author: mgoedtel
manager: jwhit
editor: ''
keywords: what is automation, azure automation, azure automation examples
ms.assetid: 0cf1f3e8-dd30-4f33-b52a-e148e97802a9
ms.service: automation
ms.workload: tbd
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.date: 05/10/2016
ms.author: magoedte;bwren
ms.openlocfilehash: 4e7488f954ce50298aba0da83ae07f7a0de6a73d
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551131"
---
# <a name="azure-automation-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-104">Azure Automation overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-104">Azure Automation overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-105">Microsoft Azure Automation provides a way for users to automate the manual, long-running, error-prone, and frequently repeated tasks that are commonly performed in a cloud and enterprise environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-105">Microsoft Azure Automation provides a way for users to automate the manual, long-running, error-prone, and frequently repeated tasks that are commonly performed in a cloud and enterprise environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-106">It saves time and increases the reliability of regular administrative tasks and even schedules them to be automatically performed at regular intervals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-106">It saves time and increases the reliability of regular administrative tasks and even schedules them to be automatically performed at regular intervals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-107">You can automate processes using runbooks or automate configuration management using Desired State Configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-107">You can automate processes using runbooks or automate configuration management using Desired State Configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-108">This article provides brief overview of Azure Automation and answers some common questions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-108">This article provides brief overview of Azure Automation and answers some common questions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-109">You can refer to other articles in this library for more detailed information on the different topics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-109">You can refer to other articles in this library for more detailed information on the different topics.</span></span>

## <a name="automating-processes-with-runbooks"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-110">Automating processes with runbooks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-110">Automating processes with runbooks</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-111">A runbook is a set of tasks that perform some automated process in Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-111">A runbook is a set of tasks that perform some automated process in Azure Automation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-112">It may be a simple process such as starting a virtual machine and creating a log entry, or you may have a complex runbook that combines other smaller runbooks to perform a complex process across multiple resources or even multiple clouds and on premise environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-112">It may be a simple process such as starting a virtual machine and creating a log entry, or you may have a complex runbook that combines other smaller runbooks to perform a complex process across multiple resources or even multiple clouds and on premise environments.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="18955-113">For example, you might have an existing manual process for truncating a SQL database if it’s approaching maximum size that includes multiple steps such as connecting to the server, connecting to the database, get the current size of database, check if threshold has exceeded and then truncate it and notify user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-113">For example, you might have an existing manual process for truncating a SQL database if it’s approaching maximum size that includes multiple steps such as connecting to the server, connecting to the database, get the current size of database, check if threshold has exceeded and then truncate it and notify user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-114">Instead of manually performing each of these steps, you could create a runbook that would perform all of these tasks as a single process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-114">Instead of manually performing each of these steps, you could create a runbook that would perform all of these tasks as a single process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-115">You would start the runbook, provide the required information such as the SQL server name, database name, and recipient e-mail and then sit back while the process completes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-115">You would start the runbook, provide the required information such as the SQL server name, database name, and recipient e-mail and then sit back while the process completes.</span></span> 

## <a name="what-can-runbooks-automate"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-116">What can runbooks automate?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-116">What can runbooks automate?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-117">Runbooks in Azure Automation are based on Windows PowerShell or Windows PowerShell Workflow, so they do anything that PowerShell can do.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-117">Runbooks in Azure Automation are based on Windows PowerShell or Windows PowerShell Workflow, so they do anything that PowerShell can do.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-118">If an application or service has an API, then a runbook can work with it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-118">If an application or service has an API, then a runbook can work with it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-119">If you have a PowerShell module for the application, then you can load that module into Azure Automation and include those cmdlets in your runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-119">If you have a PowerShell module for the application, then you can load that module into Azure Automation and include those cmdlets in your runbook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-120">Azure Automation runbooks run in the Azure cloud and can access any cloud resources or external resources that can be accessed from the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-120">Azure Automation runbooks run in the Azure cloud and can access any cloud resources or external resources that can be accessed from the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-121">Using [Hybrid Runbook Worker](automation-hybrid-runbook-worker.md), runbooks can run in your local data center to manage local resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-121">Using [Hybrid Runbook Worker](automation-hybrid-runbook-worker.md), runbooks can run in your local data center to manage local resources.</span></span> 

## <a name="getting-runbooks-from-the-community"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-122">Getting runbooks from the community</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-122">Getting runbooks from the community</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-123">The [Runbook Gallery](automation-runbook-gallery.md#runbooks-in-runbook-gallery) contains runbooks from Microsoft and the community that you can either use unchanged in your environment or customize them for your own purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-123">The [Runbook Gallery](automation-runbook-gallery.md#runbooks-in-runbook-gallery) contains runbooks from Microsoft and the community that you can either use unchanged in your environment or customize them for your own purposes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-124">They are also useful to as references to learn how to create your own runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-124">They are also useful to as references to learn how to create your own runbooks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-125">You can even contribute your own runbooks to the gallery that you think other users may find useful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-125">You can even contribute your own runbooks to the gallery that you think other users may find useful.</span></span> 

## <a name="creating-runbooks-with-azure-automation"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-126">Creating Runbooks with Azure Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-126">Creating Runbooks with Azure Automation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-127">You can [create your own runbooks](automation-creating-importing-runbook.md) from scratch or modify runbooks from the [Runbook Gallery](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781422.aspx) for your own requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-127">You can [create your own runbooks](automation-creating-importing-runbook.md) from scratch or modify runbooks from the [Runbook Gallery](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781422.aspx) for your own requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-128">There are four different [runbook types](automation-runbook-types.md) that you can choose from based on your requirements and PowerShell experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-128">There are four different [runbook types](automation-runbook-types.md) that you can choose from based on your requirements and PowerShell experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-129">If you prefer to work directly with the PowerShell code, then you can use a [PowerShell runbook](automation-runbook-types.md#powershell-runbooks) or [PowerShell Workflow runbook](automation-runbook-types.md#powershell-workflow-runbooks) that you edit offline or with the [textual editor](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn879137.aspx) in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-129">If you prefer to work directly with the PowerShell code, then you can use a [PowerShell runbook](automation-runbook-types.md#powershell-runbooks) or [PowerShell Workflow runbook](automation-runbook-types.md#powershell-workflow-runbooks) that you edit offline or with the [textual editor](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn879137.aspx) in the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-130">If you prefer to edit a runbook without being exposed to the underlying code, then you can create a [Graphical runbook](automation-runbook-types.md#graphical-runbooks) using the [graphical editor](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md) in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-130">If you prefer to edit a runbook without being exposed to the underlying code, then you can create a [Graphical runbook](automation-runbook-types.md#graphical-runbooks) using the [graphical editor](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md) in the Azure portal.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="18955-131">Prefer watching to reading?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-131">Prefer watching to reading?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-132">Have a look at the below video from Microsoft Ignite session in May 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-132">Have a look at the below video from Microsoft Ignite session in May 2015.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-133">Note: While the concepts and features discussed in this video are correct, Azure Automation has progressed a lot since this video was recorded, it now has a more extensive UI in the Azure portal, and supports additional capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-133">Note: While the concepts and features discussed in this video are correct, Azure Automation has progressed a lot since this video was recorded, it now has a more extensive UI in the Azure portal, and supports additional capabilities.</span></span>

> [!VIDEO https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/2015/BRK3451/player]
> 
> 

## <a name="automating-configuration-management-with-desired-state-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-134">Automating configuration management with Desired State Configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-134">Automating configuration management with Desired State Configuration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-135">[PowerShell DSC](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn249912.aspx) is a management platform that allows you to manage, deploy and enforce configuration for physical hosts and virtual machines using a declarative PowerShell syntax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-135">[PowerShell DSC](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn249912.aspx) is a management platform that allows you to manage, deploy and enforce configuration for physical hosts and virtual machines using a declarative PowerShell syntax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-136">You can define configurations on a central DSC Pull Server that target machines can automatically retrieve and apply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-136">You can define configurations on a central DSC Pull Server that target machines can automatically retrieve and apply.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-137">DSC provides a set of PowerShell cmdlets that you can use to manage configurations and resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-137">DSC provides a set of PowerShell cmdlets that you can use to manage configurations and resources.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="18955-138">[Azure Automation DSC](automation-dsc-overview.md) is a cloud based solution for PowerShell DSC that provides services required for enterprise environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-138">[Azure Automation DSC](automation-dsc-overview.md) is a cloud based solution for PowerShell DSC that provides services required for enterprise environments.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="18955-139">You can manage your DSC resources in Azure Automation and apply configurations to virtual or physical machines that retrieve them from a DSC Pull Server in the Azure cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-139">You can manage your DSC resources in Azure Automation and apply configurations to virtual or physical machines that retrieve them from a DSC Pull Server in the Azure cloud.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="18955-140">It also provides reporting services that inform you of important events such as when nodes have deviated from their assigned configuration and when a new configuration has been applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-140">It also provides reporting services that inform you of important events such as when nodes have deviated from their assigned configuration and when a new configuration has been applied.</span></span> 

## <a name="creating-your-own-dsc-configurations-with-azure-automation"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-141">Creating your own DSC configurations with Azure Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-141">Creating your own DSC configurations with Azure Automation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-142">[DSC configurations](automation-dsc-overview.md#azure-automation-dsc-terms) specify the desired state of a node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-142">[DSC configurations](automation-dsc-overview.md#azure-automation-dsc-terms) specify the desired state of a node.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="18955-143">Multiple nodes can apply the same configuration to assure that they all maintain an identical state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-143">Multiple nodes can apply the same configuration to assure that they all maintain an identical state.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="18955-144">You can create a configuration using any text editor on your local machine and then import it into Azure Automation where you can compile it and apply it nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-144">You can create a configuration using any text editor on your local machine and then import it into Azure Automation where you can compile it and apply it nodes.</span></span>

## <a name="getting-modules-and-configurations"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-145">Getting modules and configurations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-145">Getting modules and configurations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-146">You can get [PowerShell modules](automation-runbook-gallery.md#modules-in-powershell-gallery) containing cmdlets that you can use in your runbooks and DSC configurations from the [PowerShell Gallery](http://www.powershellgallery.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-146">You can get [PowerShell modules](automation-runbook-gallery.md#modules-in-powershell-gallery) containing cmdlets that you can use in your runbooks and DSC configurations from the [PowerShell Gallery](http://www.powershellgallery.com/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-147">You can launch this gallery from the Azure portal and import modules directly into Azure Automation, or you can download and import them manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-147">You can launch this gallery from the Azure portal and import modules directly into Azure Automation, or you can download and import them manually.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-148">You cannot install the modules directly from the Azure portal, but you can download them install them as you would any other module.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-148">You cannot install the modules directly from the Azure portal, but you can download them install them as you would any other module.</span></span> 

## <a name="example-practical-applications-of-azure-automation"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-149">Example practical applications of Azure Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-149">Example practical applications of Azure Automation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-150">Following are just a few examples of what are the kinds of automation scenarios with Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-150">Following are just a few examples of what are the kinds of automation scenarios with Azure Automation.</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="18955-151">Create and copy virtual machines in different Azure subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-151">Create and copy virtual machines in different Azure subscriptions.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-152">Schedule file copies from a local machine to an Azure Blob Storage container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-152">Schedule file copies from a local machine to an Azure Blob Storage container.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-153">Automate security functions such as deny requests from a client when a denial of service attack is detected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-153">Automate security functions such as deny requests from a client when a denial of service attack is detected.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-154">Ensure machines continually align with configured security policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-154">Ensure machines continually align with configured security policy.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-155">Manage continuous deployment of application code across cloud and on premises infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-155">Manage continuous deployment of application code across cloud and on premises infrastructure.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-156">Build an Active Directory forest in Azure for your lab environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-156">Build an Active Directory forest in Azure for your lab environment.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-157">Truncate a table in a SQL database if DB is approaching maximum size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-157">Truncate a table in a SQL database if DB is approaching maximum size.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-158">Remotely update environment settings for an Azure website.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-158">Remotely update environment settings for an Azure website.</span></span> 

## <a name="how-does-azure-automation-relate-to-other-automation-tools"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-159">How does Azure Automation relate to other automation tools?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-159">How does Azure Automation relate to other automation tools?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-160">[Service Management Automation (SMA)](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn469260.aspx) is intended to automate management tasks in the private cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-160">[Service Management Automation (SMA)](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn469260.aspx) is intended to automate management tasks in the private cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-161">It is installed locally in your data center as a component of [Microsoft Azure Pack](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-161">It is installed locally in your data center as a component of [Microsoft Azure Pack](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-162">SMA and Azure Automation use the same runbook format based on Windows PowerShell and Windows PowerShell Workflow, but SMA does not support [graphical runbooks](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-162">SMA and Azure Automation use the same runbook format based on Windows PowerShell and Windows PowerShell Workflow, but SMA does not support [graphical runbooks](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="18955-163">[System Center 2012 Orchestrator](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh237242.aspx) is intended for automation of on-premises resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-163">[System Center 2012 Orchestrator](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh237242.aspx) is intended for automation of on-premises resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-164">It uses a different runbook format than Azure Automation and Service Management Automation and has a graphical interface to create runbooks without requiring any scripting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-164">It uses a different runbook format than Azure Automation and Service Management Automation and has a graphical interface to create runbooks without requiring any scripting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-165">Its runbooks are composed of activities from Integration Packs that are written specifically for Orchestrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-165">Its runbooks are composed of activities from Integration Packs that are written specifically for Orchestrator.</span></span> 

## <a name="where-can-i-get-more-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-166">Where can I get more information?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-166">Where can I get more information?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-167">A variety of resources are available for you to learn more about Azure Automation and creating your own runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-167">A variety of resources are available for you to learn more about Azure Automation and creating your own runbooks.</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="18955-168">**Azure Automation Library** is where you are right now.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-168">**Azure Automation Library** is where you are right now.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-169">The articles in this library provide complete documentation on the configuration and administration of Azure Automation and for authoring your own runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-169">The articles in this library provide complete documentation on the configuration and administration of Azure Automation and for authoring your own runbooks.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-170">[Azure PowerShell cmdlets](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/jj156055.aspx) provides information for automating Azure operations using Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-170">[Azure PowerShell cmdlets](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/jj156055.aspx) provides information for automating Azure operations using Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-171">Runbooks use these cmdlets to work with Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-171">Runbooks use these cmdlets to work with Azure resources.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-172">[Management Blog](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/tag/azure-automation/) provides the latest information on Azure Automation and other management technologies from Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-172">[Management Blog](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/tag/azure-automation/) provides the latest information on Azure Automation and other management technologies from Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-173">You should subscribe to this blog to stay up to date with the latest from the Azure Automation team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-173">You should subscribe to this blog to stay up to date with the latest from the Azure Automation team.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-174">[Automation Forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=390561) allows you to post questions about Azure Automation to be addressed by Microsoft and the Automation community.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-174">[Automation Forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=390561) allows you to post questions about Azure Automation to be addressed by Microsoft and the Automation community.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="18955-175">[Azure Automation Cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt244122.aspx) provides information for automating administration tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-175">[Azure Automation Cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt244122.aspx) provides information for automating administration tasks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-176">It contains cmdlets to manage Automation accounts, assets, runbooks, DSC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-176">It contains cmdlets to manage Automation accounts, assets, runbooks, DSC.</span></span>

## <a name="can-i-provide-feedback"></a><span data-ttu-id="18955-177">Can I provide feedback?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-177">Can I provide feedback?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="18955-178">**Please give us feedback!**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-178">**Please give us feedback!**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-179">If you are looking for an Azure Automation runbook solution or an integration module, post a Script Request on Script Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-179">If you are looking for an Azure Automation runbook solution or an integration module, post a Script Request on Script Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-180">If you have feedback or feature requests for Azure Automation, post them on [User Voice](http://feedback.windowsazure.com/forums/34192--general-feedback).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-180">If you have feedback or feature requests for Azure Automation, post them on [User Voice](http://feedback.windowsazure.com/forums/34192--general-feedback).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="18955-181">Thanks!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="18955-181">Thanks!</span></span> 

