---
title: Migrating from Orchestrator to Azure Automation | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes how to migrate runbooks and integration packs from System Center Orchestrator to Azure Automation.
services: automation
documentationcenter: ''
author: bwren
manager: stevenka
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: 1a7da58c-7a98-49b5-9d9d-001a9f6e631a
ms.service: automation
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 02/09/2016
ms.author: bwren
ms.openlocfilehash: 457888b4d38875b912ad87d44e96ab727e3ee3ee
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44660865"
---
# <a name="migrating-from-orchestrator-to-azure-automation-beta"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-103">Migrating from Orchestrator to Azure Automation (Beta)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-103">Migrating from Orchestrator to Azure Automation (Beta)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-104">Runbooks in [System Center Orchestrator](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh237242.aspx) are based on activities from integration packs that are written specifically for Orchestrator while runbooks in Azure Automation are based on Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-104">Runbooks in [System Center Orchestrator](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh237242.aspx) are based on activities from integration packs that are written specifically for Orchestrator while runbooks in Azure Automation are based on Windows PowerShell.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-105">[Graphical runbooks](automation-runbook-types.md#graphical-runbooks) in Azure Automation have a similar appearance to Orchestrator runbooks with their activities representing PowerShell cmdlets, child runbooks, and assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-105">[Graphical runbooks](automation-runbook-types.md#graphical-runbooks) in Azure Automation have a similar appearance to Orchestrator runbooks with their activities representing PowerShell cmdlets, child runbooks, and assets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-106">The [System Center Orchestrator Migration Toolkit](http://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=47323&WT.mc_id=rss_alldownloads_all) includes tools to assist you in converting runbooks from Orchestrator to Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-106">The [System Center Orchestrator Migration Toolkit](http://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=47323&WT.mc_id=rss_alldownloads_all) includes tools to assist you in converting runbooks from Orchestrator to Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-107">In addition to converting the runbooks themselves, you must convert the integration packs with the activities that the runbooks use to integration modules with Windows PowerShell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-107">In addition to converting the runbooks themselves, you must convert the integration packs with the activities that the runbooks use to integration modules with Windows PowerShell cmdlets.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="99695-108">Following is the basic process for converting Orchestrator runbooks to Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-108">Following is the basic process for converting Orchestrator runbooks to Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-109">Each of these steps is described in detail in the sections below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-109">Each of these steps is described in detail in the sections below.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="99695-110">Download the [System Center Orchestrator Migration Toolkit](http://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=47323&WT.mc_id=rss_alldownloads_all) which contains the tools and modules discussed in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-110">Download the [System Center Orchestrator Migration Toolkit](http://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=47323&WT.mc_id=rss_alldownloads_all) which contains the tools and modules discussed in this article.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="99695-111">Import [Standard Activities Module](#standard-activities-module) into Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-111">Import [Standard Activities Module](#standard-activities-module) into Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-112">This includes converted versions of standard Orchestrator activities that may be used by converted runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-112">This includes converted versions of standard Orchestrator activities that may be used by converted runbooks.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="99695-113">Import [System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules) into Azure Automation for those integration packs used by your runbooks that access System Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-113">Import [System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules) into Azure Automation for those integration packs used by your runbooks that access System Center.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="99695-114">Convert custom and third party integration packs using the [Integration Pack Converter](#integration-pack-converter) and import into Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-114">Convert custom and third party integration packs using the [Integration Pack Converter](#integration-pack-converter) and import into Azure Automation.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="99695-115">Convert Orchestrator runbooks using the [Runbook Converter](#runbook-converter) and install in Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-115">Convert Orchestrator runbooks using the [Runbook Converter](#runbook-converter) and install in Azure Automation.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="99695-116">Manually create required Orchestrator assets in Azure Automation since the Runbook Converter does not convert these resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-116">Manually create required Orchestrator assets in Azure Automation since the Runbook Converter does not convert these resources.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="99695-117">Configure a [Hybrid Runbook Worker](#hybrid-runbook-worker) in your local data center to run converted runbooks that will access local resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-117">Configure a [Hybrid Runbook Worker](#hybrid-runbook-worker) in your local data center to run converted runbooks that will access local resources.</span></span>

## <a name="service-management-automation"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-118">Service Management Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-118">Service Management Automation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-119">[Service Management Automation](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn469260.aspx) (SMA) stores and runs runbooks in your local data center like Orchestrator, and it uses the same integration modules as Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-119">[Service Management Automation](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn469260.aspx) (SMA) stores and runs runbooks in your local data center like Orchestrator, and it uses the same integration modules as Azure Automation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99695-120">The [Runbook Converter](#runbook-converter) converts Orchestrator runbooks to graphical runbooks though which are not supported in SMA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-120">The [Runbook Converter](#runbook-converter) converts Orchestrator runbooks to graphical runbooks though which are not supported in SMA.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-121">You can still install the [Standard Activities Module](#standard-activities-module) and [System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules) into SMA, but you must manually [rewrite your runbooks](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn469262.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-121">You can still install the [Standard Activities Module](#standard-activities-module) and [System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules) into SMA, but you must manually [rewrite your runbooks](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn469262.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="hybrid-runbook-worker"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-122">Hybrid Runbook Worker</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-122">Hybrid Runbook Worker</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-123">Runbooks in Orchestrator are stored on a database server and run on runbook servers, both in your local data center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-123">Runbooks in Orchestrator are stored on a database server and run on runbook servers, both in your local data center.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-124">Runbooks in Azure Automation are stored in the Azure cloud and can run in your local data center using a [Hybrid Runbook Worker](automation-hybrid-runbook-worker.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-124">Runbooks in Azure Automation are stored in the Azure cloud and can run in your local data center using a [Hybrid Runbook Worker](automation-hybrid-runbook-worker.md).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-125">This is how you will usually run runbooks converted from Orchestrator since they are designed to run on local servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-125">This is how you will usually run runbooks converted from Orchestrator since they are designed to run on local servers.</span></span>

## <a name="integration-pack-converter"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-126">Integration Pack Converter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-126">Integration Pack Converter</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-127">The Integration Pack Converter converts integration packs that were created using the [Orchestrator Integration Toolkit (OIT)](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh855853.aspx) to integration modules based on Windows PowerShell that can be imported into Azure Automation or Service Management Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-127">The Integration Pack Converter converts integration packs that were created using the [Orchestrator Integration Toolkit (OIT)](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh855853.aspx) to integration modules based on Windows PowerShell that can be imported into Azure Automation or Service Management Automation.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="99695-128">When you run the Integration Pack Converter, you are presented with a wizard that will allow you to select an integration pack (.oip) file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-128">When you run the Integration Pack Converter, you are presented with a wizard that will allow you to select an integration pack (.oip) file.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-129">The wizard then lists the activities included in that integration pack and allows you to select which will be migrated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-129">The wizard then lists the activities included in that integration pack and allows you to select which will be migrated.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-130">When you complete the wizard, it creates an integration module that includes a corresponding cmdlet for each of the activities in the original integration pack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-130">When you complete the wizard, it creates an integration module that includes a corresponding cmdlet for each of the activities in the original integration pack.</span></span>

### <a name="parameters"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-131">Parameters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-131">Parameters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-132">Any properties of an activity in the integration pack are converted to parameters of the corresponding cmdlet in the integration module.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-132">Any properties of an activity in the integration pack are converted to parameters of the corresponding cmdlet in the integration module.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-133">Windows PowerShell cmdlets have a set of [common parameters](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh847884.aspx) that can be used with all cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-133">Windows PowerShell cmdlets have a set of [common parameters](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh847884.aspx) that can be used with all cmdlets.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-134">For example, the -Verbose parameter causes a cmdlet to output detailed information about its operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-134">For example, the -Verbose parameter causes a cmdlet to output detailed information about its operation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-135">No cmdlet may have a parameter with the same name as a common parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-135">No cmdlet may have a parameter with the same name as a common parameter.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-136">If an activity does have a property with the same name as a common parameter, the wizard will prompt you to provide another name for the parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-136">If an activity does have a property with the same name as a common parameter, the wizard will prompt you to provide another name for the parameter.</span></span>

### <a name="monitor-activities"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-137">Monitor activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-137">Monitor activities</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-138">Monitor runbooks in Orchestrator start with a [monitor activity](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh403827.aspx) and run continuously waiting to be invoked by a particular event.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-138">Monitor runbooks in Orchestrator start with a [monitor activity](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh403827.aspx) and run continuously waiting to be invoked by a particular event.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-139">Azure Automation does not support monitor runbooks, so any monitor activities in the integration pack will not be converted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-139">Azure Automation does not support monitor runbooks, so any monitor activities in the integration pack will not be converted.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-140">Instead, a placeholder cmdlet is created in the integration module for the monitor activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-140">Instead, a placeholder cmdlet is created in the integration module for the monitor activity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-141">This cmdlet has no functionality, but it allows any converted runbook that uses it to be installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-141">This cmdlet has no functionality, but it allows any converted runbook that uses it to be installed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-142">This runbook will not be able to run in Azure Automation, but it can be installed so that you can modify it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-142">This runbook will not be able to run in Azure Automation, but it can be installed so that you can modify it.</span></span>

### <a name="integration-packs-that-cannot-be-converted"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-143">Integration packs that cannot be converted</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-143">Integration packs that cannot be converted</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-144">Integration packs that were not created with OIT cannot be converted with the Integration Pack Converter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-144">Integration packs that were not created with OIT cannot be converted with the Integration Pack Converter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99695-145">There are also some integration packs provided by Microsoft that cannot currently be converted with this tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-145">There are also some integration packs provided by Microsoft that cannot currently be converted with this tool.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-146">Converted versions of these integration packs have been [provided for download](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules) so that they can be installed in Azure Automation or Service Management Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-146">Converted versions of these integration packs have been [provided for download](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules) so that they can be installed in Azure Automation or Service Management Automation.</span></span>

## <a name="standard-activities-module"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-147">Standard Activities Module</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-147">Standard Activities Module</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-148">Orchestrator includes a set of [standard activities](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh403832.aspx) that are not included in an integration pack but are used by many runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-148">Orchestrator includes a set of [standard activities](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh403832.aspx) that are not included in an integration pack but are used by many runbooks.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-149">The Standard Activities module is an integration module that includes a cmdlet equivalent for each of these activities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-149">The Standard Activities module is an integration module that includes a cmdlet equivalent for each of these activities.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-150">You must install this integration module in Azure Automation before importing any converted runbooks that use a standard activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-150">You must install this integration module in Azure Automation before importing any converted runbooks that use a standard activity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-151">In addition to supporting converted runbooks, the cmdlets in the standard activities module can be used by someone familiar with Orchestrator to build new runbooks in Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-151">In addition to supporting converted runbooks, the cmdlets in the standard activities module can be used by someone familiar with Orchestrator to build new runbooks in Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-152">While the functionality of all of the standard activities can be performed with cmdlets, they may operate differently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-152">While the functionality of all of the standard activities can be performed with cmdlets, they may operate differently.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-153">The cmdlets in the converted standard activities module will work the same as their corresponding activities and use the same parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-153">The cmdlets in the converted standard activities module will work the same as their corresponding activities and use the same parameters.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-154">This can help the existing Orchestrator runbook author in their transition to Azure Automation runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-154">This can help the existing Orchestrator runbook author in their transition to Azure Automation runbooks.</span></span>

## <a name="system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-155">System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-155">System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-156">Microsoft provides [integration packs](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh295851.aspx) for building runbooks to automate System Center components and other products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-156">Microsoft provides [integration packs](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh295851.aspx) for building runbooks to automate System Center components and other products.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-157">Some of these integration packs are currently based on OIT but cannot currently be converted to integration modules because of known issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-157">Some of these integration packs are currently based on OIT but cannot currently be converted to integration modules because of known issues.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-158">[System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=49555) includes converted versions of these integration packs that can be imported into Azure Automation and Service Management Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-158">[System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=49555) includes converted versions of these integration packs that can be imported into Azure Automation and Service Management Automation.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="99695-159">By the RTM version of this tool, updated versions of the integration packs based on OIT that can be converted with the Integration Pack Converter will be published.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-159">By the RTM version of this tool, updated versions of the integration packs based on OIT that can be converted with the Integration Pack Converter will be published.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-160">Guidance will also be provided to assist you in converting runbooks using activities from the integration packs not based on OIT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-160">Guidance will also be provided to assist you in converting runbooks using activities from the integration packs not based on OIT.</span></span>

## <a name="runbook-converter"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-161">Runbook Converter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-161">Runbook Converter</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-162">The Runbook Converter converts Orchestrator runbooks into [graphical runbooks](automation-runbook-types.md#graphical-runbooks) that can be imported into Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-162">The Runbook Converter converts Orchestrator runbooks into [graphical runbooks](automation-runbook-types.md#graphical-runbooks) that can be imported into Azure Automation.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="99695-163">Runbook Converter is implemented as a PowerShell module with a cmdlet called **ConvertFrom-SCORunbook** that performs the conversion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-163">Runbook Converter is implemented as a PowerShell module with a cmdlet called **ConvertFrom-SCORunbook** that performs the conversion.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-164">When you install the tool, it will create a shortcut to a PowerShell session that loads the cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-164">When you install the tool, it will create a shortcut to a PowerShell session that loads the cmdlet.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="99695-165">Following is the basic process to convert an Orchestrator runbook and import it into Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-165">Following is the basic process to convert an Orchestrator runbook and import it into Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-166">The following sections provide further details on using the tool and working with converted runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-166">The following sections provide further details on using the tool and working with converted runbooks.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="99695-167">Export one or more runbooks from Orchestrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-167">Export one or more runbooks from Orchestrator.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="99695-168">Obtain integration modules for all activities in the runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-168">Obtain integration modules for all activities in the runbook.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="99695-169">Convert the Orchestrator runbooks in the exported file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-169">Convert the Orchestrator runbooks in the exported file.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="99695-170">Review information in logs to validate the conversion and to determine any required manual tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-170">Review information in logs to validate the conversion and to determine any required manual tasks.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="99695-171">Import converted runbooks into Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-171">Import converted runbooks into Azure Automation.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="99695-172">Create any required assets in Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-172">Create any required assets in Azure Automation.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="99695-173">Edit the runbook in Azure Automation to modify any required activities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-173">Edit the runbook in Azure Automation to modify any required activities.</span></span>

### <a name="using-runbook-converter"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-174">Using Runbook Converter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-174">Using Runbook Converter</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-175">The syntax for **ConvertFrom-SCORunbook** is as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-175">The syntax for **ConvertFrom-SCORunbook** is as follows:</span></span>

    ConvertFrom-SCORunbook -RunbookPath <string> -Module <string[]> -OutputFolder <string>

* <span data-ttu-id="99695-176">RunbookPath - Path to the export file containing the runbooks to convert.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-176">RunbookPath - Path to the export file containing the runbooks to convert.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99695-177">Module - Comma delimited list of integration modules containing activities in the runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-177">Module - Comma delimited list of integration modules containing activities in the runbooks.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99695-178">OutputFolder - Path to the folder to create converted graphical runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-178">OutputFolder - Path to the folder to create converted graphical runbooks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-179">The following example command converts the runbooks in an export file called **MyRunbooks.ois_export**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-179">The following example command converts the runbooks in an export file called **MyRunbooks.ois_export**.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-180">These runbooks use the Active Directory and Data Protection Manager integration packs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-180">These runbooks use the Active Directory and Data Protection Manager integration packs.</span></span>

    ConvertFrom-SCORunbook -RunbookPath "c:\runbooks\MyRunbooks.ois_export" -Module c:\ip\SystemCenter_IntegrationModule_ActiveDirectory.zip,c:\ip\SystemCenter_IntegrationModule_DPM.zip -OutputFolder "c:\runbooks"


### <a name="log-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-181">Log files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-181">Log files</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-182">The Runbook Converter will create the following log files in the same location as the converted runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-182">The Runbook Converter will create the following log files in the same location as the converted runbook.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-183">If the files already exist, then they will be overwritten with information from the last conversion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-183">If the files already exist, then they will be overwritten with information from the last conversion.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="99695-184">File</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-184">File</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="99695-185">Contents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-185">Contents</span></span> |
|:--- |:--- |
| <span data-ttu-id="99695-186">Runbook Converter - Progress.log</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-186">Runbook Converter - Progress.log</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99695-187">Detailed steps of the conversion including information for each activity successfully converted and warning for each activity not converted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-187">Detailed steps of the conversion including information for each activity successfully converted and warning for each activity not converted.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="99695-188">Runbook Converter - Summary.log</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-188">Runbook Converter - Summary.log</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99695-189">Summary of the last conversion including any warnings and follow up tasks that you need to perform such as creating a variable required for the converted runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-189">Summary of the last conversion including any warnings and follow up tasks that you need to perform such as creating a variable required for the converted runbook.</span></span> |

### <a name="exporting-runbooks-from-orchestrator"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-190">Exporting runbooks from Orchestrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-190">Exporting runbooks from Orchestrator</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-191">The Runbook Converter works with an export file from Orchestrator that contains one or more runbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-191">The Runbook Converter works with an export file from Orchestrator that contains one or more runbooks.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-192">It will create a corresponding Azure Automation runbook for each Orchestrator runbook in the export file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-192">It will create a corresponding Azure Automation runbook for each Orchestrator runbook in the export file.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="99695-193">To export a runbook from Orchestrator, right-click the name of the runbook in Runbook Designer and select **Export**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-193">To export a runbook from Orchestrator, right-click the name of the runbook in Runbook Designer and select **Export**.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-194">To export all runbooks in a folder, right-click the name of the folder and select **Export**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-194">To export all runbooks in a folder, right-click the name of the folder and select **Export**.</span></span>

### <a name="runbook-activities"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-195">Runbook activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-195">Runbook activities</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-196">The Runbook Converter converts each activity in the Orchestrator runbook to a corresponding activity in Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-196">The Runbook Converter converts each activity in the Orchestrator runbook to a corresponding activity in Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-197">For those activities that can't be converted, a placeholder activity is created in the runbook with warning text.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-197">For those activities that can't be converted, a placeholder activity is created in the runbook with warning text.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-198">After you import the converted runbook into Azure Automation, you must replace any of these activities with valid activities that perform the required functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-198">After you import the converted runbook into Azure Automation, you must replace any of these activities with valid activities that perform the required functionality.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-199">Any Orchestrator activities in the [Standard Activities Module](#standard-activities-module) will be converted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-199">Any Orchestrator activities in the [Standard Activities Module](#standard-activities-module) will be converted.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-200">There are some standard Orchestrator activities that are not in this module though and are not converted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-200">There are some standard Orchestrator activities that are not in this module though and are not converted.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-201">For example, **Send Platform Event** has no Azure Automation equivalent since the event is specific to Orchestrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-201">For example, **Send Platform Event** has no Azure Automation equivalent since the event is specific to Orchestrator.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-202">[Monitor activities](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh403827.aspx) are not converted since there is no equivalent to them in Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-202">[Monitor activities](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh403827.aspx) are not converted since there is no equivalent to them in Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-203">The exception are monitor activities in [converted integration packs](#integration-pack-converter) that will be converted to the placeholder activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-203">The exception are monitor activities in [converted integration packs](#integration-pack-converter) that will be converted to the placeholder activity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-204">Any activity from a [converted integration pack](#integration-pack-converter) will be converted if you provide the path to the integration module with the **modules** parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-204">Any activity from a [converted integration pack](#integration-pack-converter) will be converted if you provide the path to the integration module with the **modules** parameter.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-205">For System Center Integration Packs, you can use the [System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-205">For System Center Integration Packs, you can use the [System Center Orchestrator Integration Modules](#system-center-orchestrator-integration-modules).</span></span>

### <a name="orchestrator-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-206">Orchestrator resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-206">Orchestrator resources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-207">The Runbook Converter only converts runbooks, not other Orchestrator resources such as counters, variables, or connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-207">The Runbook Converter only converts runbooks, not other Orchestrator resources such as counters, variables, or connections.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-208">Counters are not supported in Azure Automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-208">Counters are not supported in Azure Automation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-209">Variables and connections are supported, but you must create them manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-209">Variables and connections are supported, but you must create them manually.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-210">The log files will inform you if the runbook requires such resources and specify corresponding resources that you need to create in Azure Automation for the converted runbook to operate properly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-210">The log files will inform you if the runbook requires such resources and specify corresponding resources that you need to create in Azure Automation for the converted runbook to operate properly.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-211">For example, a runbook may use a variable to populate a particular value in an activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-211">For example, a runbook may use a variable to populate a particular value in an activity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-212">The converted runbook will convert the activity and specify a variable asset in Azure Automation with the same name as the Orchestrator variable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-212">The converted runbook will convert the activity and specify a variable asset in Azure Automation with the same name as the Orchestrator variable.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-213">This will be noted in the **Runbook Converter - Summary.log** file that is created after the conversion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-213">This will be noted in the **Runbook Converter - Summary.log** file that is created after the conversion.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-214">You will need to manually create this variable asset in Azure Automation before using the runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-214">You will need to manually create this variable asset in Azure Automation before using the runbook.</span></span>

### <a name="input-parameters"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-215">Input parameters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-215">Input parameters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-216">Runbooks in Orchestrator accept input parameters with the **Initialize Data** activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-216">Runbooks in Orchestrator accept input parameters with the **Initialize Data** activity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-217">If the runbook being converted includes this activity, then an [input parameter](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md#runbook-input-and-output) in the Azure Automation runbook is created for each parameter in the activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-217">If the runbook being converted includes this activity, then an [input parameter](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md#runbook-input-and-output) in the Azure Automation runbook is created for each parameter in the activity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-218">A [Workflow Script control](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md#activities) activity is created in the converted runbook that retrieves and returns each parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-218">A [Workflow Script control](automation-graphical-authoring-intro.md#activities) activity is created in the converted runbook that retrieves and returns each parameter.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-219">Any activities in the runbook that use an input parameter refer to the output from this activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-219">Any activities in the runbook that use an input parameter refer to the output from this activity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99695-220">The reason that this strategy is used is to best mirror the functionality in the Orchestrator runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-220">The reason that this strategy is used is to best mirror the functionality in the Orchestrator runbook.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-221">Activities in new graphical runbooks should refer directly to input parameters using a Runbook input data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-221">Activities in new graphical runbooks should refer directly to input parameters using a Runbook input data source.</span></span>

### <a name="invoke-runbook-activity"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-222">Invoke Runbook activity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-222">Invoke Runbook activity</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99695-223">Runbooks in Orchestrator start other runbooks with the **Invoke Runbook** activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-223">Runbooks in Orchestrator start other runbooks with the **Invoke Runbook** activity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99695-224">If the runbook being converted includes this activity and the **Wait for completion** option is set, then a runbook activity is created for it in the converted runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-224">If the runbook being converted includes this activity and the **Wait for completion** option is set, then a runbook activity is created for it in the converted runbook.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-225">If the **Wait for completion** option is not set, then a Workflow Script activity is created that uses **Start-AzureAutomationRunbook** to start the runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-225">If the **Wait for completion** option is not set, then a Workflow Script activity is created that uses **Start-AzureAutomationRunbook** to start the runbook.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99695-226">After you import the converted runbook into Azure Automation, you must modify this activity with the information specified in the activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-226">After you import the converted runbook into Azure Automation, you must modify this activity with the information specified in the activity.</span></span>

## <a name="related-articles"></a><span data-ttu-id="99695-227">Related articles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-227">Related articles</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="99695-228">System Center 2012 - Orchestrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-228">System Center 2012 - Orchestrator</span></span>](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh237242.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99695-229">Service Management Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-229">Service Management Automation</span></span>](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn469260.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99695-230">Hybrid Runbook Worker</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-230">Hybrid Runbook Worker</span></span>](automation-hybrid-runbook-worker.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99695-231">Orchestrator Standard Activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-231">Orchestrator Standard Activities</span></span>](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/hh403832.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99695-232">Download System Center Orchestrator Migration Toolkit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99695-232">Download System Center Orchestrator Migration Toolkit</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=47323)
