---
title: Troubleshooting common Azure Automation issues | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides information to help troubleshoot and fix common Azure Automation errors.
services: automation
documentationcenter: ''
author: mgoedtel
manager: stevenka
editor: tysonn
tags: top-support-issue
keywords: automation error, troubleshooting, issue
ms.assetid: 5f3cfe61-70b0-4e9c-b892-d02daaeee07d
ms.service: automation
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 01/24/2017
ms.author: sngun; v-reagie
ms.openlocfilehash: 3e4a4b431e26e58a0af1eee182fded51b6618fac
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44669610"
---
# <a name="troubleshooting-common-issues-in-azure-automation"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-104">Troubleshooting common issues in Azure Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-104">Troubleshooting common issues in Azure Automation</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-105">This article provides help troubleshooting common errors you might experience in Azure Automation and suggests possible solutions to resolve them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-105">This article provides help troubleshooting common errors you might experience in Azure Automation and suggests possible solutions to resolve them.</span></span>

## <a name="authentication-errors-when-working-with-azure-automation-runbooks"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-106">Authentication errors when working with Azure Automation runbooks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-106">Authentication errors when working with Azure Automation runbooks</span></span>
### <a name="scenario-sign-in-to-azure-account-failed"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-107">Scenario: Sign in to Azure Account failed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-107">Scenario: Sign in to Azure Account failed</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-108">**Error:** You receive the error "Unknown_user_type: Unknown User Type" when working with the Add-AzureAccount or Login-AzureRmAccount cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-108">**Error:** You receive the error "Unknown_user_type: Unknown User Type" when working with the Add-AzureAccount or Login-AzureRmAccount cmdlets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-109">**Reason for the error:** This error occurs if the credential asset name is not valid or if the username and password that you used to setup the Automation credential asset are not valid.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-109">**Reason for the error:** This error occurs if the credential asset name is not valid or if the username and password that you used to setup the Automation credential asset are not valid.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-110">**Troubleshooting tips:** In order to determine what's wrong, take the following steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-110">**Troubleshooting tips:** In order to determine what's wrong, take the following steps:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-111">Make sure that you don’t have any special characters, including the **@** character in the Automation credential asset name that you are using to connect to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-111">Make sure that you don’t have any special characters, including the **@** character in the Automation credential asset name that you are using to connect to Azure.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-112">Check that you can use the username and password that are stored in the Azure Automation credential in your local PowerShell ISE editor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-112">Check that you can use the username and password that are stored in the Azure Automation credential in your local PowerShell ISE editor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-113">You can do this by running the following cmdlets in the PowerShell ISE:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-113">You can do this by running the following cmdlets in the PowerShell ISE:</span></span>  

        $Cred = Get-Credential  
        #Using Azure Service Management   
        Add-AzureAccount –Credential $Cred  
        #Using Azure Resource Manager  
        Login-AzureRmAccount –Credential $Cred
3. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-114">If your authentication fails locally, this means that you haven’t set up your Azure Active Directory credentials properly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-114">If your authentication fails locally, this means that you haven’t set up your Azure Active Directory credentials properly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-115">Refer to [Authenticating to Azure using Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azure-automation-authenticating-to-azure-using-azure-active-directory/) blog post to get the Azure Active Directory account set up correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-115">Refer to [Authenticating to Azure using Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azure-automation-authenticating-to-azure-using-azure-active-directory/) blog post to get the Azure Active Directory account set up correctly.</span></span>  

### <a name="scenario-unable-to-find-the-azure-subscription"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-116">Scenario: Unable to find the Azure subscription</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-116">Scenario: Unable to find the Azure subscription</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-117">**Error:** You receive the error "The subscription named ``<subscription name>`` cannot be found" when working with the Select-AzureSubscription or Select-AzureRmSubscription cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-117">**Error:** You receive the error "The subscription named ``<subscription name>`` cannot be found" when working with the Select-AzureSubscription or Select-AzureRmSubscription cmdlets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-118">**Reason for the error:** This error occurs if the subscription name is not valid or if the Azure Active Directory user who is trying to get the subscription details is not configured as an admin of the subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-118">**Reason for the error:** This error occurs if the subscription name is not valid or if the Azure Active Directory user who is trying to get the subscription details is not configured as an admin of the subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-119">**Troubleshooting tips:** In order to determine if you have properly authenticated to Azure and have access to the subscription you are trying to select, take the following steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-119">**Troubleshooting tips:** In order to determine if you have properly authenticated to Azure and have access to the subscription you are trying to select, take the following steps:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-120">Make sure that you run the **Add-AzureAccount** before running the **Select-AzureSubscription** cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-120">Make sure that you run the **Add-AzureAccount** before running the **Select-AzureSubscription** cmdlet.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-121">If you still see this error message, modify your code by adding the **Get-AzureSubscription** cmdlet following the **Add-AzureAccount** cmdlet and then execute the code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-121">If you still see this error message, modify your code by adding the **Get-AzureSubscription** cmdlet following the **Add-AzureAccount** cmdlet and then execute the code.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-122">Now verify if the output of Get-AzureSubscription contains your subscription details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-122">Now verify if the output of Get-AzureSubscription contains your subscription details.</span></span>  

   * <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-123">If you don't see any subscription details in the output, this means that the subscription isn’t initialized yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-123">If you don't see any subscription details in the output, this means that the subscription isn’t initialized yet.</span></span>  
   * <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-124">If you do see the subscription details in the output, confirm that you are using the correct subscription name or ID with the **Select-AzureSubscription** cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-124">If you do see the subscription details in the output, confirm that you are using the correct subscription name or ID with the **Select-AzureSubscription** cmdlet.</span></span>   

### <a name="scenario-authentication-to-azure-failed-because-multi-factor-authentication-is-enabled"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-125">Scenario: Authentication to Azure failed because multi-factor authentication is enabled</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-125">Scenario: Authentication to Azure failed because multi-factor authentication is enabled</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-126">**Error:** You receive the error “Add-AzureAccount: AADSTS50079: Strong authentication enrollment (proof-up) is required” when authenticating to Azure with your Azure username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-126">**Error:** You receive the error “Add-AzureAccount: AADSTS50079: Strong authentication enrollment (proof-up) is required” when authenticating to Azure with your Azure username and password.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-127">**Reason for the error:** If you have multi-factor authentication on your Azure account, you can't use an Azure Active Directory user to authenticate to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-127">**Reason for the error:** If you have multi-factor authentication on your Azure account, you can't use an Azure Active Directory user to authenticate to Azure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-128">Instead, you need to use a certificate or a service principal to authenticate to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-128">Instead, you need to use a certificate or a service principal to authenticate to Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-129">**Troubleshooting tips:** To use a certificate with the Azure Service Management cmdlets, refer to [creating and adding a certificate to manage Azure services.](http://blogs.technet.com/b/orchestrator/archive/2014/04/11/managing-azure-services-with-the-microsoft-azure-automation-preview-service.aspx)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-129">**Troubleshooting tips:** To use a certificate with the Azure Service Management cmdlets, refer to [creating and adding a certificate to manage Azure services.](http://blogs.technet.com/b/orchestrator/archive/2014/04/11/managing-azure-services-with-the-microsoft-azure-automation-preview-service.aspx)</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-130">To use a service principal with Azure Resource Manager cmdlets, refer to [creating service principal using Azure portal](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-create-service-principal-portal.md) and [authenticating a service principal with Azure Resource Manager.](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-authenticate-service-principal.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-130">To use a service principal with Azure Resource Manager cmdlets, refer to [creating service principal using Azure portal](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-create-service-principal-portal.md) and [authenticating a service principal with Azure Resource Manager.](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-authenticate-service-principal.md)</span></span>

## <a name="common-errors-when-working-with-runbooks"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-131">Common errors when working with runbooks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-131">Common errors when working with runbooks</span></span>
### <a name="scenario-runbook-fails-because-of-deserialized-object"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-132">Scenario: Runbook fails because of deserialized object</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-132">Scenario: Runbook fails because of deserialized object</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-133">**Error:** Your runbook fails with the error "Cannot bind parameter ``<ParameterName>``.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-133">**Error:** Your runbook fails with the error "Cannot bind parameter ``<ParameterName>``.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-134">Cannot convert the ``<ParameterType>`` value of type Deserialized ``<ParameterType>`` to type ``<ParameterType>``".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-134">Cannot convert the ``<ParameterType>`` value of type Deserialized ``<ParameterType>`` to type ``<ParameterType>``".</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-135">**Reason for the error:** If your runbook is a PowerShell Workflow, it stores complex objects in a deserialized format in order to persist your runbook state if the workflow is suspended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-135">**Reason for the error:** If your runbook is a PowerShell Workflow, it stores complex objects in a deserialized format in order to persist your runbook state if the workflow is suspended.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-136">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-136">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-137">Any of the following three solutions will fix this problem:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-137">Any of the following three solutions will fix this problem:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-138">If you are piping complex objects from one cmdlet to another, wrap these cmdlets in an InlineScript.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-138">If you are piping complex objects from one cmdlet to another, wrap these cmdlets in an InlineScript.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-139">Pass the name or value that you need from the complex object instead of passing the entire object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-139">Pass the name or value that you need from the complex object instead of passing the entire object.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-140">Use a PowerShell runbook instead of a PowerShell Workflow runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-140">Use a PowerShell runbook instead of a PowerShell Workflow runbook.</span></span>  

### <a name="scenario-runbook-job-failed-because-the-allocated-quota-exceeded"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-141">Scenario: Runbook job failed because the allocated quota exceeded</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-141">Scenario: Runbook job failed because the allocated quota exceeded</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-142">**Error:** Your runbook job fails with the error "The quota for the monthly total job run time has been reached for this subscription".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-142">**Error:** Your runbook job fails with the error "The quota for the monthly total job run time has been reached for this subscription".</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-143">**Reason for the error:** This error occurs when the job execution exceeds the 500-minute free quota for your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-143">**Reason for the error:** This error occurs when the job execution exceeds the 500-minute free quota for your account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-144">This quota applies to all types of job execution tasks such as testing a job, starting a job from the portal, executing a job by using webhooks and scheduling a job to execute by using either the Azure portal or in your datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-144">This quota applies to all types of job execution tasks such as testing a job, starting a job from the portal, executing a job by using webhooks and scheduling a job to execute by using either the Azure portal or in your datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-145">To learn more about pricing for Automation see [Automation pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/automation/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-145">To learn more about pricing for Automation see [Automation pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/automation/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-146">**Troubleshooting tips:** If you want to use more than 500 minutes of processing per month you will need to change your subscription from the Free tier to the Basic tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-146">**Troubleshooting tips:** If you want to use more than 500 minutes of processing per month you will need to change your subscription from the Free tier to the Basic tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-147">You can upgrade to the Basic tier by taking the following steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-147">You can upgrade to the Basic tier by taking the following steps:</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-148">Sign in to your Azure subscription</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-148">Sign in to your Azure subscription</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-149">Select the Automation account you wish to upgrade</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-149">Select the Automation account you wish to upgrade</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-150">Click on **Settings** > **Pricing tier and Usage** > **Pricing tier**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-150">Click on **Settings** > **Pricing tier and Usage** > **Pricing tier**</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-151">On the **Choose your pricing tier** blade, select **Basic**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-151">On the **Choose your pricing tier** blade, select **Basic**</span></span>    

### <a name="scenario-cmdlet-not-recognized-when-executing-a-runbook"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-152">Scenario: Cmdlet not recognized when executing a runbook</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-152">Scenario: Cmdlet not recognized when executing a runbook</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-153">**Error:** Your runbook job fails with the error "``<cmdlet name>``: The term ``<cmdlet name>`` is not recognized as the name of a cmdlet, function, script file, or operable program."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-153">**Error:** Your runbook job fails with the error "``<cmdlet name>``: The term ``<cmdlet name>`` is not recognized as the name of a cmdlet, function, script file, or operable program."</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-154">**Reason for the error:** This error is caused when the PowerShell engine cannot find the cmdlet you are using in your runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-154">**Reason for the error:** This error is caused when the PowerShell engine cannot find the cmdlet you are using in your runbook.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-155">This could be because the module containing the cmdlet is missing from the account, there is a name conflict with a runbook name, or the cmdlet also exists in another module and Automation cannot resolve the name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-155">This could be because the module containing the cmdlet is missing from the account, there is a name conflict with a runbook name, or the cmdlet also exists in another module and Automation cannot resolve the name.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-156">**Troubleshooting tips:** Any of the following solutions will fix the problem:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-156">**Troubleshooting tips:** Any of the following solutions will fix the problem:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-157">Check that you have entered the cmdlet name correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-157">Check that you have entered the cmdlet name correctly.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-158">Make sure the cmdlet exists in your Automation account and that there are no conflicts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-158">Make sure the cmdlet exists in your Automation account and that there are no conflicts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-159">To verify if the cmdlet is present, open a runbook in edit mode and search for the cmdlet you want to find in the library or run **Get-Command ``<CommandName>``**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-159">To verify if the cmdlet is present, open a runbook in edit mode and search for the cmdlet you want to find in the library or run **Get-Command ``<CommandName>``**.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-160">Once you have validated that the cmdlet is available to the account, and that there are no name conflicts with other cmdlets or runbooks, add it to the canvas and ensure that you are using a valid parameter set in your runbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-160">Once you have validated that the cmdlet is available to the account, and that there are no name conflicts with other cmdlets or runbooks, add it to the canvas and ensure that you are using a valid parameter set in your runbook.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-161">If you do have a name conflict and the cmdlet is available in two different modules, you can resolve this by using the fully qualified name for the cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-161">If you do have a name conflict and the cmdlet is available in two different modules, you can resolve this by using the fully qualified name for the cmdlet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-162">For example, you can use **ModuleName\CmdletName**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-162">For example, you can use **ModuleName\CmdletName**.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-163">If you are executing the runbook on-premises in a hybrid worker group, then make sure that the module/cmdlet is installed on the machine that hosts the hybrid worker.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-163">If you are executing the runbook on-premises in a hybrid worker group, then make sure that the module/cmdlet is installed on the machine that hosts the hybrid worker.</span></span>

### <a name="scenario-a-long-running-runbook-consistently-fails-with-the-exception-the-job-cannot-continue-running-because-it-was-repeatedly-evicted-from-the-same-checkpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-164">Scenario: A long running runbook consistently fails with the exception: "The job cannot continue running because it was repeatedly evicted from the same checkpoint".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-164">Scenario: A long running runbook consistently fails with the exception: "The job cannot continue running because it was repeatedly evicted from the same checkpoint".</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-165">**Reason for the error:** This is by design behavior due to the "Fair Share" monitoring of processes within Azure Automation, which automatically suspends a runbook if it executes longer than 3 hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-165">**Reason for the error:** This is by design behavior due to the "Fair Share" monitoring of processes within Azure Automation, which automatically suspends a runbook if it executes longer than 3 hours.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-166">However, the error message returned does not provide "what next" options.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-166">However, the error message returned does not provide "what next" options.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-167">A runbook can be suspended for a number of reasons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-167">A runbook can be suspended for a number of reasons.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-168">Suspends happen mostly due to errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-168">Suspends happen mostly due to errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-169">For example, an uncaught exception in a runbook, a network failure, or a crash on the Runbook Worker running the runbook, will all cause the runbook to be suspended and start from its last checkpoint when resumed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-169">For example, an uncaught exception in a runbook, a network failure, or a crash on the Runbook Worker running the runbook, will all cause the runbook to be suspended and start from its last checkpoint when resumed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-170">**Troubleshooting tips:** The documented solution to avoid this issue is to use Checkpoints in a workflow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-170">**Troubleshooting tips:** The documented solution to avoid this issue is to use Checkpoints in a workflow.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-171">To learn more refer to [Learning PowerShell Workflows](automation-powershell-workflow.md#checkpoints).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-171">To learn more refer to [Learning PowerShell Workflows](automation-powershell-workflow.md#checkpoints).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-172">A more thorough explanation of "Fair Share" and Checkpoint can be found in this blog article [Using Checkpoints in Runbooks](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-automation-reliable-fault-tolerant-runbook-execution-using-checkpoints/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-172">A more thorough explanation of "Fair Share" and Checkpoint can be found in this blog article [Using Checkpoints in Runbooks](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-automation-reliable-fault-tolerant-runbook-execution-using-checkpoints/).</span></span>

## <a name="common-errors-when-importing-modules"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-173">Common errors when importing modules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-173">Common errors when importing modules</span></span>
### <a name="scenario-module-fails-to-import-or-cmdlets-cant-be-executed-after-importing"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-174">Scenario: Module fails to import or cmdlets can't be executed after importing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-174">Scenario: Module fails to import or cmdlets can't be executed after importing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-175">**Error:** A module fails to import or imports successfully, but no cmdlets are extracted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-175">**Error:** A module fails to import or imports successfully, but no cmdlets are extracted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-176">**Reason for the error:** Some common reasons that a module might not successfully import to Azure Automation are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-176">**Reason for the error:** Some common reasons that a module might not successfully import to Azure Automation are:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-177">The structure does not match the structure that Automation needs it to be in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-177">The structure does not match the structure that Automation needs it to be in.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-178">The module is dependent on another module that has not been deployed to your Automation account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-178">The module is dependent on another module that has not been deployed to your Automation account.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-179">The module is missing its dependencies in the folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-179">The module is missing its dependencies in the folder.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-180">The **New-AzureRmAutomationModule** cmdlet is being used to upload the module, and you have not given the full storage path or have not loaded the module by using a publicly accessible URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-180">The **New-AzureRmAutomationModule** cmdlet is being used to upload the module, and you have not given the full storage path or have not loaded the module by using a publicly accessible URL.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-181">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-181">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-182">Any of the following solutions will fix the problem:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-182">Any of the following solutions will fix the problem:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-183">Make sure that the module follows the following format:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-183">Make sure that the module follows the following format:</span></span>  
  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-184">ModuleName.Zip **->** ModuleName or Version Number **->** (ModuleName.psm1, ModuleName.psd1)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-184">ModuleName.Zip **->** ModuleName or Version Number **->** (ModuleName.psm1, ModuleName.psd1)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-185">Open the .psd1 file and see if the module has any dependencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-185">Open the .psd1 file and see if the module has any dependencies.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-186">If it does, upload these modules to the Automation account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-186">If it does, upload these modules to the Automation account.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-187">Make sure that any referenced .dlls are present in the module folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-187">Make sure that any referenced .dlls are present in the module folder.</span></span>  

## <a name="common-errors-when-working-with-desired-state-configuration-dsc"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-188">Common errors when working with Desired State Configuration (DSC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-188">Common errors when working with Desired State Configuration (DSC)</span></span>
### <a name="scenario-node-is-in-failed-status-with-a-not-found-error"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-189">Scenario: Node is in failed status with a “Not found” error</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-189">Scenario: Node is in failed status with a “Not found” error</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-190">**Error:** The node has a report with **Failed** status and containing the error "The attempt to get the action from server https://``<url>``//accounts/``<account-id>``/Nodes(AgentId=``<agent-id>``)/GetDscAction failed because a valid configuration ``<guid>`` cannot be found.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-190">**Error:** The node has a report with **Failed** status and containing the error "The attempt to get the action from server https://``<url>``//accounts/``<account-id>``/Nodes(AgentId=``<agent-id>``)/GetDscAction failed because a valid configuration ``<guid>`` cannot be found.”</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-191">**Reason for the error:** This error typically occurs when the node is assigned to a configuration name (e.g. ABC) instead of a node configuration name (e.g. ABC.WebServer).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-191">**Reason for the error:** This error typically occurs when the node is assigned to a configuration name (e.g. ABC) instead of a node configuration name (e.g. ABC.WebServer).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-192">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-192">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-193">Make sure that you are assigning the node with "node configuration name" and not the "configuration name".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-193">Make sure that you are assigning the node with "node configuration name" and not the "configuration name".</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-194">You can assign a node configuration to a node using Azure portal or with a PowerShell cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-194">You can assign a node configuration to a node using Azure portal or with a PowerShell cmdlet.</span></span>

  * <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-195">In order to assign a node configuration to a node using Azure portal, open the **DSC Nodes** blade, then select a node and click on **Assign node configuration** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-195">In order to assign a node configuration to a node using Azure portal, open the **DSC Nodes** blade, then select a node and click on **Assign node configuration** button.</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-196">In order to assign a node configuration to a node using PowerShell cmdlet, use **Set-AzureRmAutomationDscNode** cmdlet</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-196">In order to assign a node configuration to a node using PowerShell cmdlet, use **Set-AzureRmAutomationDscNode** cmdlet</span></span>

### <a name="scenario--no-node-configurations-mof-files-were-produced-when-a-configuration-is-compiled"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-197">Scenario:  No node configurations (MOF files) were produced when a configuration is compiled</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-197">Scenario:  No node configurations (MOF files) were produced when a configuration is compiled</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-198">**Error:** Your DSC compilation job suspends with the error: “Compilation completed successfully, but no node configuration .mofs were generated”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-198">**Error:** Your DSC compilation job suspends with the error: “Compilation completed successfully, but no node configuration .mofs were generated”.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-199">**Reason for the error:** When the expression following the **Node** keyword in the DSC configuration evaluates to $null then no node configurations will be produced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-199">**Reason for the error:** When the expression following the **Node** keyword in the DSC configuration evaluates to $null then no node configurations will be produced.</span></span>    

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-200">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-200">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-201">Any of the following solutions will fix the problem:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-201">Any of the following solutions will fix the problem:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-202">Make sure that the expression next to the **Node** keyword in the configuration definition is not evaluating to $null.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-202">Make sure that the expression next to the **Node** keyword in the configuration definition is not evaluating to $null.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-203">If you are passing ConfigurationData when compiling the configuration, make sure that you are passing the expected values that the configuration requires from [ConfigurationData](automation-dsc-compile.md#configurationdata).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-203">If you are passing ConfigurationData when compiling the configuration, make sure that you are passing the expected values that the configuration requires from [ConfigurationData](automation-dsc-compile.md#configurationdata).</span></span>

### <a name="scenario--the-dsc-node-report-becomes-stuck-in-progress-state"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-204">Scenario:  The DSC node report becomes stuck “in progress” state</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-204">Scenario:  The DSC node report becomes stuck “in progress” state</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-205">**Error:** DSC Agent outputs “No instance found with given property values.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-205">**Error:** DSC Agent outputs “No instance found with given property values.”</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-206">**Reason for the error:** You have upgraded your WMF version and have corrupted WMI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-206">**Reason for the error:** You have upgraded your WMF version and have corrupted WMI.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-207">**Troubleshooting tips:** Follow the instructions in the [DSC known issues and limitations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/powershell/wmf/5.0/limitation_dsc) to fix the issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-207">**Troubleshooting tips:** Follow the instructions in the [DSC known issues and limitations](https://msdn.microsoft.com/powershell/wmf/5.0/limitation_dsc) to fix the issue.</span></span>

### <a name="scenario--unable-to-use-a-credential-in-a-dsc-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-208">Scenario:  Unable to use a credential in a DSC configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-208">Scenario:  Unable to use a credential in a DSC configuration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-209">**Error:** Your DSC compilation job was suspended with the error: “System.InvalidOperationException error processing property 'Credential' of type ``<some resource name>``: Converting and storing an encrypted password as plaintext is allowed only if PSDscAllowPlainTextPassword is set to true”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-209">**Error:** Your DSC compilation job was suspended with the error: “System.InvalidOperationException error processing property 'Credential' of type ``<some resource name>``: Converting and storing an encrypted password as plaintext is allowed only if PSDscAllowPlainTextPassword is set to true”.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-210">**Reason for the error:** You have used a credential in a configuration but didn’t provide proper **ConfigurationData** to set **PSDscAllowPlainTextPassword** to true for each node configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-210">**Reason for the error:** You have used a credential in a configuration but didn’t provide proper **ConfigurationData** to set **PSDscAllowPlainTextPassword** to true for each node configuration.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-211">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-211">**Troubleshooting tips:**</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-212">Make sure to pass in the proper **ConfigurationData** to set **PSDscAllowPlainTextPassword** to true for each node configuration mentioned in the configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-212">Make sure to pass in the proper **ConfigurationData** to set **PSDscAllowPlainTextPassword** to true for each node configuration mentioned in the configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-213">For more information, refer to [assets in Azure Automation DSC](automation-dsc-compile.md#assets).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-213">For more information, refer to [assets in Azure Automation DSC](automation-dsc-compile.md#assets).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-214">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-214">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-215">If you have followed the troubleshooting steps above and can't find the answer, you can review the additional support options below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-215">If you have followed the troubleshooting steps above and can't find the answer, you can review the additional support options below.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-216">Get help from Azure experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-216">Get help from Azure experts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-217">Submit your issue to the [MSDN Azure or Stack Overflow forums.](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/forums/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-217">Submit your issue to the [MSDN Azure or Stack Overflow forums.](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/forums/).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-218">File an Azure support incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-218">File an Azure support incident.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-219">Go to the [Azure Support site](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/) and click **Get support** under **Technical and billing support**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-219">Go to the [Azure Support site](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/) and click **Get support** under **Technical and billing support**.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-220">Post a Script Request on [Script Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/scripts/) if you are looking for an Azure Automation runbook solution or an integration module.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-220">Post a Script Request on [Script Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/scripts/) if you are looking for an Azure Automation runbook solution or an integration module.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3d0b1-221">Post feedback or feature requests for Azure Automation on [User Voice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/34192--general-feedback).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3d0b1-221">Post feedback or feature requests for Azure Automation on [User Voice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/34192--general-feedback).</span></span>
