---
title: Target Updates using SCCM Collections in Azure Automation - Update Management
description: This article is intended to help you configure System Center Configuration Manager with this solution to manage updates of SCCM managed computers.
services: automation
ms.service: automation
ms.component: update-management
author: georgewallace
ms.author: gwallace
ms.date: 03/19/2018
ms.topic: conceptual
manager: carmonm
ms.openlocfilehash: 3ea95899d48b68c78af5fdc45167b08b5e0fc1ee
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44865007"
---
# <a name="integrate-system-center-configuration-manager-with-update-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="e48d2-103">Integrate System Center Configuration Manager with Update Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-103">Integrate System Center Configuration Manager with Update Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e48d2-104">Customers who have invested in System Center Configuration Manager to manage PCs, servers, and mobile devices also rely on its strength and maturity in managing software updates as part of their software update management (SUM) cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-104">Customers who have invested in System Center Configuration Manager to manage PCs, servers, and mobile devices also rely on its strength and maturity in managing software updates as part of their software update management (SUM) cycle.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e48d2-105">You can report and update managed Windows servers by creating and pre-staging software update deployments in Configuration Manager, and get detailed status of completed update deployments using the [Update Management solution](automation-update-management.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-105">You can report and update managed Windows servers by creating and pre-staging software update deployments in Configuration Manager, and get detailed status of completed update deployments using the [Update Management solution](automation-update-management.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-106">If you use Configuration Manager for update compliance reporting but not for managing update deployments with your Windows servers, you can continue reporting to Configuration Manager  while security updates are managed with the Update Management solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-106">If you use Configuration Manager for update compliance reporting but not for managing update deployments with your Windows servers, you can continue reporting to Configuration Manager  while security updates are managed with the Update Management solution.</span></span>

## <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="e48d2-107">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-107">Prerequisites</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-108">You must have the [Update Management solution](automation-update-management.md) added to your Automation account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-108">You must have the [Update Management solution](automation-update-management.md) added to your Automation account.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-109">Windows servers currently managed by your System Center Configuration Manager environment also need to report to the Log Analytics workspace that also has the Update Management solution enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-109">Windows servers currently managed by your System Center Configuration Manager environment also need to report to the Log Analytics workspace that also has the Update Management solution enabled.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-110">This feature is enabled in System Center Configuration Manager current branch version 1606 and higher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-110">This feature is enabled in System Center Configuration Manager current branch version 1606 and higher.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-111">To integrate your Configuration Manager central administration site or a stand-alone primary site with Log Analytics and import collections, review [Connect Configuration Manager to Log Analytics](../log-analytics/log-analytics-sccm.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-111">To integrate your Configuration Manager central administration site or a stand-alone primary site with Log Analytics and import collections, review [Connect Configuration Manager to Log Analytics](../log-analytics/log-analytics-sccm.md).</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-112">Windows agents must either be configured to communicate with a Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) server or have access to Microsoft Update if they don't receive security updates from Configuration Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-112">Windows agents must either be configured to communicate with a Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) server or have access to Microsoft Update if they don't receive security updates from Configuration Manager.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="e48d2-113">How you manage clients hosted in Azure IaaS with your existing Configuration Manager environment primarily depends on the connection you have between Azure datacenters and your infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-113">How you manage clients hosted in Azure IaaS with your existing Configuration Manager environment primarily depends on the connection you have between Azure datacenters and your infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-114">This connection affects any design changes you may need to make to your Configuration Manager infrastructure and related cost to support those necessary changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-114">This connection affects any design changes you may need to make to your Configuration Manager infrastructure and related cost to support those necessary changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-115">To understand what planning considerations you need to evaluate before proceeding, review [Configuration Manager on Azure - Frequently Asked Questions](/sccm/core/understand/configuration-manager-on-azure#networking).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-115">To understand what planning considerations you need to evaluate before proceeding, review [Configuration Manager on Azure - Frequently Asked Questions](/sccm/core/understand/configuration-manager-on-azure#networking).</span></span>

## <a name="configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="e48d2-116">Configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-116">Configuration</span></span>

### <a name="manage-software-updates-from-configuration-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="e48d2-117">Manage software updates from Configuration Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-117">Manage software updates from Configuration Manager</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e48d2-118">Perform the following steps if you are going to continue managing update deployments from Configuration Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-118">Perform the following steps if you are going to continue managing update deployments from Configuration Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-119">Azure Automation connects to Configuration Manager to apply updates to the client computers connected to your Log Analytics workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-119">Azure Automation connects to Configuration Manager to apply updates to the client computers connected to your Log Analytics workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-120">Update content is available from the client computer cache as if the deployment were managed by Configuration Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-120">Update content is available from the client computer cache as if the deployment were managed by Configuration Manager.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-121">Create a software update deployment from the top-level site in your Configuration Manager hierarchy using the process described in [deploy software update process](/sccm/sum/deploy-use/deploy-software-updates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-121">Create a software update deployment from the top-level site in your Configuration Manager hierarchy using the process described in [deploy software update process](/sccm/sum/deploy-use/deploy-software-updates).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-122">The only setting that must be configured differently from a standard deployment is the option **Do not install software updates** to control the download behavior of the deployment package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-122">The only setting that must be configured differently from a standard deployment is the option **Do not install software updates** to control the download behavior of the deployment package.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-123">This behavior is managed by the Update Management solution by creating a scheduled update deployment in the next step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-123">This behavior is managed by the Update Management solution by creating a scheduled update deployment in the next step.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-124">In Azure Automation, select **Update Management**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-124">In Azure Automation, select **Update Management**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-125">Create a new deployment following the steps described in [Creating an Update Deployment](automation-tutorial-update-management.md#schedule-an-update-deployment) and select **Imported groups** on the **Type** drop-down to select the appropriate Configuration Manager collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-125">Create a new deployment following the steps described in [Creating an Update Deployment](automation-tutorial-update-management.md#schedule-an-update-deployment) and select **Imported groups** on the **Type** drop-down to select the appropriate Configuration Manager collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-126">Keep in mind the following important points: a.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-126">Keep in mind the following important points: a.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-127">If a maintenance window is defined on the selected Configuration Manager device collection, members of the collection honor it instead of the **Duration** setting defined in the scheduled deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-127">If a maintenance window is defined on the selected Configuration Manager device collection, members of the collection honor it instead of the **Duration** setting defined in the scheduled deployment.</span></span>
    <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-128">b.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-128">b.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-129">Members of the target collection must have a connection to the Internet (either direct, through a proxy server or through the OMS Gateway).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-129">Members of the target collection must have a connection to the Internet (either direct, through a proxy server or through the OMS Gateway).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e48d2-130">After completing the update deployment through Azure Automation, the target computers that are members of the selected computer group will install updates at the scheduled time from their local client cache.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-130">After completing the update deployment through Azure Automation, the target computers that are members of the selected computer group will install updates at the scheduled time from their local client cache.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-131">You can [view update deployment status](automation-tutorial-update-management.md#view-results-of-an-update-deployment) to monitor the results of your deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-131">You can [view update deployment status](automation-tutorial-update-management.md#view-results-of-an-update-deployment) to monitor the results of your deployment.</span></span>

### <a name="manage-software-updates-from-azure-automation"></a><span data-ttu-id="e48d2-132">Manage software updates from Azure Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-132">Manage software updates from Azure Automation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e48d2-133">To manage updates for Windows Server VMs that are Configuration Manager clients, you need to configure client policy to disable the Software Update Management feature for all clients managed by this solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-133">To manage updates for Windows Server VMs that are Configuration Manager clients, you need to configure client policy to disable the Software Update Management feature for all clients managed by this solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-134">By default, client settings target all devices in the hierarchy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-134">By default, client settings target all devices in the hierarchy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e48d2-135">For more information about this policy setting and how to configure it, review [how to configure client settings in System Center Configuration Manager](/sccm/core/clients/deploy/configure-client-settings).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-135">For more information about this policy setting and how to configure it, review [how to configure client settings in System Center Configuration Manager](/sccm/core/clients/deploy/configure-client-settings).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e48d2-136">After performing this configuration change, you create a new deployment following the steps described in [Creating an Update Deployment](automation-tutorial-update-management.md#schedule-an-update-deployment) and select **Imported groups** on the **Type** drop-down to select the appropriate Configuration Manager collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-136">After performing this configuration change, you create a new deployment following the steps described in [Creating an Update Deployment](automation-tutorial-update-management.md#schedule-an-update-deployment) and select **Imported groups** on the **Type** drop-down to select the appropriate Configuration Manager collection.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="e48d2-137">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e48d2-137">Next steps</span></span>
