---
title: Introduction to the Deep Learning Virtual Machine - Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Key analytics scenarios and components for Deep Learning  Virtual Machines.
keywords: deep learning, AI, data science tools, data science virtual machine, tools for data science, linux data science
services: machine-learning
documentationcenter: ''
author: gopitk
manager: cgronlun
ms.assetid: d4f91270-dbd2-4290-ab2b-b7bfad0b2703
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: data-science-vm
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 03/16/2018
ms.author: gokuma
ms.openlocfilehash: 35370d3d143fdc154728aa8b31b9874227e46168
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869050"
---
# <a name="introduction-to-the-deep-learning-virtual-machine"></a><span data-ttu-id="fb99a-104">Introduction to the Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-104">Introduction to the Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span></span>

## <a name="why-deep-learning-virtual-machine"></a><span data-ttu-id="fb99a-105">Why Deep Learning Virtual Machine?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-105">Why Deep Learning Virtual Machine?</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fb99a-106">Increasingly,  deep learning algorithms / deep neural networks are becoming one of the popular methods employed in many machine learning problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-106">Increasingly,  deep learning algorithms / deep neural networks are becoming one of the popular methods employed in many machine learning problems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-107">They are especially good at machine cognition tasks like image, text, audio/video understanding often approaching human cognitive levels in some specific domains with advanced deep neural network architectures and access to large set of data to train models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-107">They are especially good at machine cognition tasks like image, text, audio/video understanding often approaching human cognitive levels in some specific domains with advanced deep neural network architectures and access to large set of data to train models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-108">Deep learning requires large amount of computational power to train models with these large datasets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-108">Deep learning requires large amount of computational power to train models with these large datasets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-109">With the cloud and availability of Graphical Processing Units (GPUs),  it is becoming possible to build sophisticated deep neural architectures and train them on a large data set on powerful computing infrastructure on the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-109">With the cloud and availability of Graphical Processing Units (GPUs),  it is becoming possible to build sophisticated deep neural architectures and train them on a large data set on powerful computing infrastructure on the cloud.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-110">The [Data Science Virtual Machine](overview.md) has provided a rich set of tools and samples for data preparation, machine learning, and deep learning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-110">The [Data Science Virtual Machine](overview.md) has provided a rich set of tools and samples for data preparation, machine learning, and deep learning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-111">But one of the challenges faced by the users is to discover the tools and samples for specific scenarios like deep learning easily and also more easily provision GPU-based VM instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-111">But one of the challenges faced by the users is to discover the tools and samples for specific scenarios like deep learning easily and also more easily provision GPU-based VM instances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-112">This Deep Learning Virtual Machine (DLVM) addresses these challenges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-112">This Deep Learning Virtual Machine (DLVM) addresses these challenges.</span></span> 

## <a name="what-is-deep-learning-virtual-machine"></a><span data-ttu-id="fb99a-113">What is Deep Learning Virtual Machine?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-113">What is Deep Learning Virtual Machine?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="fb99a-114">The Deep Learning Virtual Machine is a specially configured variant of the [Data Science Virtual Machine](overview.md) (DSVM) to make it more straightforward to use GPU-based VM instances for training deep learning models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-114">The Deep Learning Virtual Machine is a specially configured variant of the [Data Science Virtual Machine](overview.md) (DSVM) to make it more straightforward to use GPU-based VM instances for training deep learning models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-115">It is supported on Windows 2016 and the Ubuntu Data Science Virtual Machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-115">It is supported on Windows 2016 and the Ubuntu Data Science Virtual Machine.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-116">It shares the same core VM images (and hence all the rich toolset) as the DSVM but is configured to make deep learning easier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-116">It shares the same core VM images (and hence all the rich toolset) as the DSVM but is configured to make deep learning easier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-117">We also provide end-to-end samples for image and text understanding, that are broadly applicable to many real life AI scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-117">We also provide end-to-end samples for image and text understanding, that are broadly applicable to many real life AI scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-118">The deep learning virtual machine also tries to make the rich set of tools and samples on the DSVM more easily discoverable by surfacing a catalog of the tools and samples on the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-118">The deep learning virtual machine also tries to make the rich set of tools and samples on the DSVM more easily discoverable by surfacing a catalog of the tools and samples on the virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-119">In terms of the tooling, the Deep Learning Virtual Machine provides several popular deep learning frameworks, tools to acquire and pre-process image, textual data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-119">In terms of the tooling, the Deep Learning Virtual Machine provides several popular deep learning frameworks, tools to acquire and pre-process image, textual data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fb99a-120">For a comprehensive list of tools, you can refer to the [Data Science Virtual Machine Overview Page](overview.md#whats-included-in-the-data-science-vm).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-120">For a comprehensive list of tools, you can refer to the [Data Science Virtual Machine Overview Page](overview.md#whats-included-in-the-data-science-vm).</span></span> 

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="fb99a-121">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-121">Next Steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fb99a-122">Get started with the Deep Learning Virtual Machine with the following steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-122">Get started with the Deep Learning Virtual Machine with the following steps:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="fb99a-123">Provision a Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-123">Provision a Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span></span>](provision-deep-learning-dsvm.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="fb99a-124">Use the Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-124">Use the Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span></span>](use-deep-learning-dsvm.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="fb99a-125">Tool Reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-125">Tool Reference</span></span>](dsvm-deep-learning-ai-frameworks.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="fb99a-126">Samples</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fb99a-126">Samples</span></span>](dsvm-samples-and-walkthroughs.md)
