---
title: Data science with the Deep Learning Data Science Virtual Machine on Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: How to perform several common data science tasks with the Deep Learning  Data Science VM.
services: machine-learning
documentationcenter: ''
author: gopitk
manager: cgronlun
ms.assetid: 34ef0b10-9270-474f-8800-eecb183bbce4
ms.service: machine-learning
ms.component: data-science-vm
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 03/16/2018
ms.author: gokuma
ms.openlocfilehash: 2053ed8cc420183d493097eeb2cd2ad93c82c70c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44968093"
---
# <a name="using-the-deep-learning-virtual-machine"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-103">Using the Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-103">Using the Deep Learning Virtual Machine</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-104">Once you have provisioned your Deep Learning Virtual Machine (DLVM), you can start building deep neural network models to build AI applications in domains like computer vision and language understanding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-104">Once you have provisioned your Deep Learning Virtual Machine (DLVM), you can start building deep neural network models to build AI applications in domains like computer vision and language understanding.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-105">There are a number of tools provided on the Deep Learning VM for AI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-105">There are a number of tools provided on the Deep Learning VM for AI.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-106">The [Deep Learning and AI frameworks page](dsvm-deep-learning-ai-frameworks.md) contains details on how to use these tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-106">The [Deep Learning and AI frameworks page](dsvm-deep-learning-ai-frameworks.md) contains details on how to use these tools.</span></span> 

## <a name="deep-learning-tutorials-and-walkthroughs"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-107">Deep Learning tutorials and walkthroughs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-107">Deep Learning tutorials and walkthroughs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-108">In addition to the framework-based samples, a set of comprehensive walkthroughs is also provided that have been validated on the DLVM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-108">In addition to the framework-based samples, a set of comprehensive walkthroughs is also provided that have been validated on the DLVM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-109">These walkthroughs help you jump-start your development of deep learning applications in domains like image and text/language understanding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-109">These walkthroughs help you jump-start your development of deep learning applications in domains like image and text/language understanding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-110">More end-to-end tutorials across different domains and technology will continue to be added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-110">More end-to-end tutorials across different domains and technology will continue to be added.</span></span>   


- <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-111">[Running neural networks across different frameworks](https://github.com/ilkarman/DeepLearningFrameworks): A comprehensive walkthrough that shows how to migrate code from one framework to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-111">[Running neural networks across different frameworks](https://github.com/ilkarman/DeepLearningFrameworks): A comprehensive walkthrough that shows how to migrate code from one framework to another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-112">It also demonstrates how to compare model and run time performance across frameworks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-112">It also demonstrates how to compare model and run time performance across frameworks.</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-113">[A how-to guide to build an end-to-end solution to detect products within images](https://github.com/Azure/cortana-intelligence-product-detection-from-images): Image detection is a technique that can locate and classify objects within images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-113">[A how-to guide to build an end-to-end solution to detect products within images](https://github.com/Azure/cortana-intelligence-product-detection-from-images): Image detection is a technique that can locate and classify objects within images.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-114">This technology has the potential to bring huge rewards in many real life business domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-114">This technology has the potential to bring huge rewards in many real life business domains.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-115">For example, retailers can use this technique to determine which product a customer has picked up from the shelf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-115">For example, retailers can use this technique to determine which product a customer has picked up from the shelf.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-116">This information in turn helps stores manage product inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-116">This information in turn helps stores manage product inventory.</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-117">[Named entity extraction from PubMed abstracts](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/preview/scenario-tdsp-biomedical-recognition) This tutorial shows how to extract named entities, like drug names or disease names, from unstructured text.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-117">[Named entity extraction from PubMed abstracts](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/preview/scenario-tdsp-biomedical-recognition) This tutorial shows how to extract named entities, like drug names or disease names, from unstructured text.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-118">It trains a custom word embedding on a text corpus of 18 million PubMed abstracts, uses that model to build a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) recurrent neural network model for entity extraction, and shows that the domain-specific word embedding model can outperform a generic word embedding for entity extraction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-118">It trains a custom word embedding on a text corpus of 18 million PubMed abstracts, uses that model to build a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) recurrent neural network model for entity extraction, and shows that the domain-specific word embedding model can outperform a generic word embedding for entity extraction.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-119">[Deep learning for audio](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/machinelearning/2018/01/30/hearing-ai-getting-started-with-deep-learning-for-audio-on-azure/) This tutorial shows how to train a deep learning model for audio event detection on the [urban sounds dataset](https://serv.cusp.nyu.edu/projects/urbansounddataset/urbansound8k.html) and provide an overview of how to work with audio data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-119">[Deep learning for audio](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/machinelearning/2018/01/30/hearing-ai-getting-started-with-deep-learning-for-audio-on-azure/) This tutorial shows how to train a deep learning model for audio event detection on the [urban sounds dataset](https://serv.cusp.nyu.edu/projects/urbansounddataset/urbansound8k.html) and provide an overview of how to work with audio data.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-120">[Classification of text documents](https://github.com/anargyri/lstm_han): This walkthrough demonstrates how to build and train two different neural network architectures: Hierarchical Attention Network and Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-120">[Classification of text documents](https://github.com/anargyri/lstm_han): This walkthrough demonstrates how to build and train two different neural network architectures: Hierarchical Attention Network and Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-121">These neural networks use the Keras API for deep learning to classify text documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-121">These neural networks use the Keras API for deep learning to classify text documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-122">Keras is a front end to three of the most popular deep learning frameworks: Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, TensorFlow, and Theano.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-122">Keras is a front end to three of the most popular deep learning frameworks: Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, TensorFlow, and Theano.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-123">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-123">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1b3bf-124">The [samples page](dsvm-samples-and-walkthroughs.md) provides pointers to the code examples pre-loaded on the VM for each of the frameworks to help you get started quickly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1b3bf-124">The [samples page](dsvm-samples-and-walkthroughs.md) provides pointers to the code examples pre-loaded on the VM for each of the frameworks to help you get started quickly.</span></span> 
