---
title: 'Azure Analysis Services tutorial supplemental lesson: Dynamic security | Microsoft Docs'
description: Describes how to use dynamic security by using row filters in the Azure Analysis Services tutorial.
author: minewiskan
manager: kfile
ms.service: azure-analysis-services
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 07/03/2018
ms.author: owend
ms.reviewer: minewiskan
ms.openlocfilehash: f7e5999b2d64c4a9b409fac81841d15f7c6aa5e7
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44871004"
---
# <a name="supplemental-lesson---dynamic-security"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-103">Supplemental lesson - Dynamic security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-103">Supplemental lesson - Dynamic security</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="197a2-104">In this supplemental lesson, you create an additional role that implements dynamic security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-104">In this supplemental lesson, you create an additional role that implements dynamic security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-105">Dynamic security provides row-level security based on the user name or login id of the user currently logged on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-105">Dynamic security provides row-level security based on the user name or login id of the user currently logged on.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-106">To implement dynamic security, you add a table to your model containing the user names of those users that can connect to the model and browse model objects and data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-106">To implement dynamic security, you add a table to your model containing the user names of those users that can connect to the model and browse model objects and data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-107">The model you create using this tutorial is in the context of Adventure Works; however, to complete this lesson, you must add a table containing users from your own domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-107">The model you create using this tutorial is in the context of Adventure Works; however, to complete this lesson, you must add a table containing users from your own domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-108">You do not need the passwords for the user names that are added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-108">You do not need the passwords for the user names that are added.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-109">To create an EmployeeSecurity table, with a small sample of users from your own domain, you use the Paste feature, pasting employee data from an Excel spreadsheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-109">To create an EmployeeSecurity table, with a small sample of users from your own domain, you use the Paste feature, pasting employee data from an Excel spreadsheet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-110">In a real-world scenario, the table containing user names would typically be a table from an actual database as a data source; for example, a real DimEmployee table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-110">In a real-world scenario, the table containing user names would typically be a table from an actual database as a data source; for example, a real DimEmployee table.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-111">To implement dynamic security, you use two DAX functions: [USERNAME Function (DAX)](http://msdn.microsoft.com/22dddc4b-1648-4c89-8c93-f1151162b93f) and [LOOKUPVALUE Function (DAX)](http://msdn.microsoft.com/73a51c4d-131c-4c33-a139-b1342d10caab).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-111">To implement dynamic security, you use two DAX functions: [USERNAME Function (DAX)](http://msdn.microsoft.com/22dddc4b-1648-4c89-8c93-f1151162b93f) and [LOOKUPVALUE Function (DAX)](http://msdn.microsoft.com/73a51c4d-131c-4c33-a139-b1342d10caab).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-112">These functions, applied in a row filter formula, are defined in a new role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-112">These functions, applied in a row filter formula, are defined in a new role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-113">By using the LOOKUPVALUE function, the formula specifies a value from the EmployeeSecurity table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-113">By using the LOOKUPVALUE function, the formula specifies a value from the EmployeeSecurity table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-114">The formula then passes that value to the USERNAME function, which specifies the user name of the user logged on belongs to this role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-114">The formula then passes that value to the USERNAME function, which specifies the user name of the user logged on belongs to this role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-115">The user can then browse only data specified by the role’s row filters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-115">The user can then browse only data specified by the role’s row filters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-116">In this scenario, you specify that sales employees can only browse Internet sales data for the sales territories in which they are a member.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-116">In this scenario, you specify that sales employees can only browse Internet sales data for the sales territories in which they are a member.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-117">Those tasks that are unique to this Adventure Works tabular model scenario, but would not necessarily apply to a real-world scenario are identified as such.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-117">Those tasks that are unique to this Adventure Works tabular model scenario, but would not necessarily apply to a real-world scenario are identified as such.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-118">Each task includes additional information describing the purpose of the task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-118">Each task includes additional information describing the purpose of the task.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-119">Estimated time to complete this lesson: **30 minutes**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-119">Estimated time to complete this lesson: **30 minutes**</span></span>  
  
## <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-120">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-120">Prerequisites</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-121">This supplemental lesson topic is part of a tabular modeling tutorial, which should be completed in order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-121">This supplemental lesson topic is part of a tabular modeling tutorial, which should be completed in order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-122">Before performing the tasks in this supplemental lesson, you should have completed all previous lessons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-122">Before performing the tasks in this supplemental lesson, you should have completed all previous lessons.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="add-the-dimsalesterritory-table-to-the-aw-internet-sales-tabular-model-project"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-123">Add the DimSalesTerritory table to the AW Internet Sales Tabular Model Project</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-123">Add the DimSalesTerritory table to the AW Internet Sales Tabular Model Project</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-124">To implement dynamic security for this Adventure Works scenario, you must add two additional tables to your model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-124">To implement dynamic security for this Adventure Works scenario, you must add two additional tables to your model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-125">The first table you add is DimSalesTerritory (as Sales Territory) from the same AdventureWorksDW database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-125">The first table you add is DimSalesTerritory (as Sales Territory) from the same AdventureWorksDW database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-126">You later apply a row filter to the SalesTerritory table that defines the particular data the logged on user can browse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-126">You later apply a row filter to the SalesTerritory table that defines the particular data the logged on user can browse.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="to-add-the-dimsalesterritory-table"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-127">To add the DimSalesTerritory table</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-127">To add the DimSalesTerritory table</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-128">In Tabular Model Explorer > **Data Sources**, right-click your connection, and then click **Import New Tables**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-128">In Tabular Model Explorer > **Data Sources**, right-click your connection, and then click **Import New Tables**.</span></span>  

    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-129">If the Impersonation Credentials dialog box appears, type the impersonation credentials you used in Lesson 2: Add Data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-129">If the Impersonation Credentials dialog box appears, type the impersonation credentials you used in Lesson 2: Add Data.</span></span>
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-130">In Navigator, select the **DimSalesTerritory** table, and then click **OK**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-130">In Navigator, select the **DimSalesTerritory** table, and then click **OK**.</span></span>    
  
3.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-131">In Query Editor, click the **DimSalesTerritory** query, and then remove **SalesTerritoryAlternateKey** column.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-131">In Query Editor, click the **DimSalesTerritory** query, and then remove **SalesTerritoryAlternateKey** column.</span></span>  
  
7.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-132">Click **Import**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-132">Click **Import**.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-133">The new table is added to the model workspace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-133">The new table is added to the model workspace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-134">Objects and data from the source DimSalesTerritory table are then imported into your AW Internet Sales Tabular Model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-134">Objects and data from the source DimSalesTerritory table are then imported into your AW Internet Sales Tabular Model.</span></span>  
  
9. <span data-ttu-id="197a2-135">After the table has been imported successfully, click **Close**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-135">After the table has been imported successfully, click **Close**.</span></span>  

## <a name="add-a-table-with-user-name-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-136">Add a table with user name data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-136">Add a table with user name data</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-137">The DimEmployee table in the AdventureWorksDW sample database contains users from the AdventureWorks domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-137">The DimEmployee table in the AdventureWorksDW sample database contains users from the AdventureWorks domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-138">Those user names do not exist in your own environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-138">Those user names do not exist in your own environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-139">You must create a table in your model that contains a small sample (at least three) of actual users from your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-139">You must create a table in your model that contains a small sample (at least three) of actual users from your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-140">You then add these users as members to the new role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-140">You then add these users as members to the new role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-141">You do not need the passwords for the sample user names, but you do need actual Windows user names from your own domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-141">You do not need the passwords for the sample user names, but you do need actual Windows user names from your own domain.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="to-add-an-employeesecurity-table"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-142">To add an EmployeeSecurity table</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-142">To add an EmployeeSecurity table</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-143">Open Microsoft Excel, creating a worksheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-143">Open Microsoft Excel, creating a worksheet.</span></span>  
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-144">Copy the following table, including the header row, and then paste it into the worksheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-144">Copy the following table, including the header row, and then paste it into the worksheet.</span></span>  

    ```
      |EmployeeId|SalesTerritoryId|FirstName|LastName|LoginId|  
      |---------------|----------------------|--------------|-------------|------------|  
      |1|2|<user first name>|<user last name>|\<domain\username>|  
      |1|3|<user first name>|<user last name>|\<domain\username>|  
      |2|4|<user first name>|<user last name>|\<domain\username>|  
      |3|5|<user first name>|<user last name>|\<domain\username>|  
    ```

3.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-145">Replace the first name, last name, and domain\username with the names and login ids of three users in your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-145">Replace the first name, last name, and domain\username with the names and login ids of three users in your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-146">Put the same user on the first two rows, for EmployeeId 1, showing this user belongs to more than one sales territory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-146">Put the same user on the first two rows, for EmployeeId 1, showing this user belongs to more than one sales territory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-147">Leave the EmployeeId and SalesTerritoryId fields as they are.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-147">Leave the EmployeeId and SalesTerritoryId fields as they are.</span></span>  
  
4.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-148">Save the worksheet as **SampleEmployee**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-148">Save the worksheet as **SampleEmployee**.</span></span>  
  
5.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-149">In the worksheet, select all the cells with employee data, including the headers, then right-click the selected data, and then click **Copy**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-149">In the worksheet, select all the cells with employee data, including the headers, then right-click the selected data, and then click **Copy**.</span></span>  
  
6.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-150">In SSDT, click the **Edit** menu, and then click **Paste**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-150">In SSDT, click the **Edit** menu, and then click **Paste**.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-151">If Paste is grayed out, click any column in any table in the model designer window, and try again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-151">If Paste is grayed out, click any column in any table in the model designer window, and try again.</span></span>  
  
7.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-152">In the **Paste Preview** dialog box, in **Table Name**, type **EmployeeSecurity**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-152">In the **Paste Preview** dialog box, in **Table Name**, type **EmployeeSecurity**.</span></span>  
  
8.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-153">In **Data to be pasted**, verify the data includes all the user data and headers from the SampleEmployee worksheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-153">In **Data to be pasted**, verify the data includes all the user data and headers from the SampleEmployee worksheet.</span></span>  
  
9. <span data-ttu-id="197a2-154">Verify **Use first row as column headers** is checked, and then click **Ok**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-154">Verify **Use first row as column headers** is checked, and then click **Ok**.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-155">A new table named EmployeeSecurity with employee data copied from the SampleEmployee worksheet is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-155">A new table named EmployeeSecurity with employee data copied from the SampleEmployee worksheet is created.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="create-relationships-between-factinternetsales-dimgeography-and-dimsalesterritory-table"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-156">Create relationships between FactInternetSales, DimGeography, and DimSalesTerritory table</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-156">Create relationships between FactInternetSales, DimGeography, and DimSalesTerritory table</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-157">The FactInternetSales, DimGeography, and DimSalesTerritory table all contain a common column, SalesTerritoryId.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-157">The FactInternetSales, DimGeography, and DimSalesTerritory table all contain a common column, SalesTerritoryId.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-158">The SalesTerritoryId column in the DimSalesTerritory table contains values with a different Id for each sales territory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-158">The SalesTerritoryId column in the DimSalesTerritory table contains values with a different Id for each sales territory.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="to-create-relationships-between-the-factinternetsales-dimgeography-and-the-dimsalesterritory-table"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-159">To create relationships between the FactInternetSales, DimGeography, and the DimSalesTerritory table</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-159">To create relationships between the FactInternetSales, DimGeography, and the DimSalesTerritory table</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-160">In Diagram View, in the **DimGeography** table, click, and hold on the **SalesTerritoryId** column, then drag the cursor to the **SalesTerritoryId** column in the **DimSalesTerritory** table, and then release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-160">In Diagram View, in the **DimGeography** table, click, and hold on the **SalesTerritoryId** column, then drag the cursor to the **SalesTerritoryId** column in the **DimSalesTerritory** table, and then release.</span></span>  
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-161">In the **FactInternetSales** table, click, and hold on the **SalesTerritoryId** column, then drag the cursor to the **SalesTerritoryId** column in the **DimSalesTerritory** table, and then release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-161">In the **FactInternetSales** table, click, and hold on the **SalesTerritoryId** column, then drag the cursor to the **SalesTerritoryId** column in the **DimSalesTerritory** table, and then release.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-162">Notice the Active property for this relationship is False, meaning it's inactive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-162">Notice the Active property for this relationship is False, meaning it's inactive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-163">The FactInternetSales table already has another active relationship.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-163">The FactInternetSales table already has another active relationship.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="hide-the-employeesecurity-table-from-client-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-164">Hide the EmployeeSecurity Table from client applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-164">Hide the EmployeeSecurity Table from client applications</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-165">In this task, you hide the EmployeeSecurity table, keeping it from appearing in a client application’s field list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-165">In this task, you hide the EmployeeSecurity table, keeping it from appearing in a client application’s field list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-166">Keep in mind that hiding a table does not secure it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-166">Keep in mind that hiding a table does not secure it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-167">Users can still query EmployeeSecurity table data if they know how.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-167">Users can still query EmployeeSecurity table data if they know how.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-168">To secure the EmployeeSecurity table data, preventing users from being able to query any of its data, you apply a filter in a later task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-168">To secure the EmployeeSecurity table data, preventing users from being able to query any of its data, you apply a filter in a later task.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="to-hide-the-employeesecurity-table-from-client-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-169">To hide the EmployeeSecurity table from client applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-169">To hide the EmployeeSecurity table from client applications</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="197a2-170">In the model designer, in Diagram View, right-click the **Employee** table heading, and then click **Hide from Client Tools**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-170">In the model designer, in Diagram View, right-click the **Employee** table heading, and then click **Hide from Client Tools**.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="create-a-sales-employees-by-territory-user-role"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-171">Create a Sales Employees by Territory user role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-171">Create a Sales Employees by Territory user role</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-172">In this task, you create a user role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-172">In this task, you create a user role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-173">This role includes a row filter defining which rows of the DimSalesTerritory table are visible to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-173">This role includes a row filter defining which rows of the DimSalesTerritory table are visible to users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-174">The filter is then applied in the one-to-many relationship direction to all other tables related to DimSalesTerritory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-174">The filter is then applied in the one-to-many relationship direction to all other tables related to DimSalesTerritory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-175">You also apply a filter that secures the entire EmployeeSecurity table from being queryable by any user that is a member of the role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-175">You also apply a filter that secures the entire EmployeeSecurity table from being queryable by any user that is a member of the role.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]  
> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-176">The Sales Employees by Territory role you create in this lesson restricts members to browse (or query) only sales data for the sales territory to which they belong.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-176">The Sales Employees by Territory role you create in this lesson restricts members to browse (or query) only sales data for the sales territory to which they belong.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-177">If you add a user as a member to the Sales Employees by Territory role that also exists as a member in a role created in [Lesson 11: Create Roles](../tutorials/aas-lesson-11-create-roles.md), you get a combination of permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-177">If you add a user as a member to the Sales Employees by Territory role that also exists as a member in a role created in [Lesson 11: Create Roles](../tutorials/aas-lesson-11-create-roles.md), you get a combination of permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-178">When a user is a member of multiple roles, the permissions, and row filters defined for each role are cumulative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-178">When a user is a member of multiple roles, the permissions, and row filters defined for each role are cumulative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-179">That is, the user has the greater permissions determined by the combination of roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-179">That is, the user has the greater permissions determined by the combination of roles.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="to-create-a-sales-employees-by-territory-user-role"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-180">To create a Sales Employees by Territory user role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-180">To create a Sales Employees by Territory user role</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-181">In SSDT, click the **Model** menu, and then click **Roles**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-181">In SSDT, click the **Model** menu, and then click **Roles**.</span></span>  
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-182">In **Role Manager**, click **New**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-182">In **Role Manager**, click **New**.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-183">A new role with the None permission is added to the list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-183">A new role with the None permission is added to the list.</span></span>  
  
3.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-184">Click the new role, and then in the **Name** column, rename the role to **Sales Employees by Territory**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-184">Click the new role, and then in the **Name** column, rename the role to **Sales Employees by Territory**.</span></span>  
  
4.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-185">In the **Permissions** column, click the dropdown list, and then select the **Read** permission.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-185">In the **Permissions** column, click the dropdown list, and then select the **Read** permission.</span></span>  
  
5.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-186">Click the **Members** tab, and then click **Add**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-186">Click the **Members** tab, and then click **Add**.</span></span>  
  
6.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-187">In the **Select User or Group** dialog box, in **Enter the object named to select**, type the first sample user name you used when creating the EmployeeSecurity table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-187">In the **Select User or Group** dialog box, in **Enter the object named to select**, type the first sample user name you used when creating the EmployeeSecurity table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-188">Click **Check Names** to verify the user name is valid, and then click **Ok**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-188">Click **Check Names** to verify the user name is valid, and then click **Ok**.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-189">Repeat this step, adding the other sample user names you used when creating the EmployeeSecurity table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-189">Repeat this step, adding the other sample user names you used when creating the EmployeeSecurity table.</span></span>  
  
7.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-190">Click the **Row Filters** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-190">Click the **Row Filters** tab.</span></span>  
  
8.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-191">For the **EmployeeSecurity** table, in the **DAX Filter** column, type the following formula:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-191">For the **EmployeeSecurity** table, in the **DAX Filter** column, type the following formula:</span></span>  
  
    ```
      =FALSE()  
    ```
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-192">This formula specifies that all columns resolve to the false Boolean condition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-192">This formula specifies that all columns resolve to the false Boolean condition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-193">No columns for the EmployeeSecurity table can be queried by a member of the Sales Employees by Territory user role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-193">No columns for the EmployeeSecurity table can be queried by a member of the Sales Employees by Territory user role.</span></span>  
  
9. <span data-ttu-id="197a2-194">For the **DimSalesTerritory** table, type the following formula:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-194">For the **DimSalesTerritory** table, type the following formula:</span></span>  

    ```  
    ='Sales Territory'[Sales Territory Id]=LOOKUPVALUE('Employee Security'[Sales Territory Id], 
      'Employee Security'[Login Id], USERNAME(), 
      'Employee Security'[Sales Territory Id], 
      'Sales Territory'[Sales Territory Id]) 
    ```
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-195">In this formula, the LOOKUPVALUE function returns all values for the DimEmployeeSecurity[SalesTerritoryId] column, where the EmployeeSecurity[LoginId] is the same as the current logged on Windows user name, and EmployeeSecurity[SalesTerritoryId] is the same as the DimSalesTerritory[SalesTerritoryId].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-195">In this formula, the LOOKUPVALUE function returns all values for the DimEmployeeSecurity[SalesTerritoryId] column, where the EmployeeSecurity[LoginId] is the same as the current logged on Windows user name, and EmployeeSecurity[SalesTerritoryId] is the same as the DimSalesTerritory[SalesTerritoryId].</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-196">The set of sales territory IDs returned by LOOKUPVALUE is then used to restrict the rows shown in the DimSalesTerritory table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-196">The set of sales territory IDs returned by LOOKUPVALUE is then used to restrict the rows shown in the DimSalesTerritory table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-197">Only rows where the SalesTerritoryID for the row is in the set of IDs returned by the LOOKUPVALUE function are displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-197">Only rows where the SalesTerritoryID for the row is in the set of IDs returned by the LOOKUPVALUE function are displayed.</span></span>  
  
10. <span data-ttu-id="197a2-198">In Role Manager, click **Ok**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-198">In Role Manager, click **Ok**.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="test-the-sales-employees-by-territory-user-role"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-199">Test the Sales Employees by Territory User Role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-199">Test the Sales Employees by Territory User Role</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="197a2-200">In this task, you use the Analyze in Excel feature in SSDT to test the efficacy of the Sales Employees by Territory user role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-200">In this task, you use the Analyze in Excel feature in SSDT to test the efficacy of the Sales Employees by Territory user role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-201">You specify one of the user names you added to the EmployeeSecurity table and as a member of the role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-201">You specify one of the user names you added to the EmployeeSecurity table and as a member of the role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-202">This user name is then used as the effective user name in the connection created between Excel and the model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-202">This user name is then used as the effective user name in the connection created between Excel and the model.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="to-test-the-sales-employees-by-territory-user-role"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-203">To test the Sales Employees by Territory user role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-203">To test the Sales Employees by Territory user role</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-204">In SSDT, click the **Model** menu, and then click **Analyze in Excel**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-204">In SSDT, click the **Model** menu, and then click **Analyze in Excel**.</span></span>  
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-205">In the **Analyze in Excel** dialog box, in **Specify the user name or role to use to connect to the model**, select **Other Windows User**, and then click **Browse**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-205">In the **Analyze in Excel** dialog box, in **Specify the user name or role to use to connect to the model**, select **Other Windows User**, and then click **Browse**.</span></span>  
  
3.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-206">In the **Select User or Group** dialog box, in **Enter the object name to select**, type a user name you included in the EmployeeSecurity table, and then click **Check Names**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-206">In the **Select User or Group** dialog box, in **Enter the object name to select**, type a user name you included in the EmployeeSecurity table, and then click **Check Names**.</span></span>  
  
4.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-207">Click **Ok** to close the **Select User or Group** dialog box, and then click **Ok** to close the **Analyze in Excel** dialog box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-207">Click **Ok** to close the **Select User or Group** dialog box, and then click **Ok** to close the **Analyze in Excel** dialog box.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-208">Excel opens with a new workbook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-208">Excel opens with a new workbook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-209">A PivotTable is automatically created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-209">A PivotTable is automatically created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-210">The PivotTable Fields list includes most of the data fields available in your new model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-210">The PivotTable Fields list includes most of the data fields available in your new model.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-211">Notice the EmployeeSecurity table is not visible in the PivotTable Fields list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-211">Notice the EmployeeSecurity table is not visible in the PivotTable Fields list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-212">You hid this table from client tools in a previous task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-212">You hid this table from client tools in a previous task.</span></span>  
  
5.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-213">In the **Fields** list, in **∑ Internet Sales** (measures), select the **InternetTotalSales** measure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-213">In the **Fields** list, in **∑ Internet Sales** (measures), select the **InternetTotalSales** measure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-214">The measure is entered into the **Values** fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-214">The measure is entered into the **Values** fields.</span></span>  
  
6.  <span data-ttu-id="197a2-215">Select the **SalesTerritoryId** column from the **DimSalesTerritory** table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-215">Select the **SalesTerritoryId** column from the **DimSalesTerritory** table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-216">The column is entered into the **Row Labels** fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-216">The column is entered into the **Row Labels** fields.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-217">Notice Internet sales figures appear only for the one region to which the effective user name you used belongs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-217">Notice Internet sales figures appear only for the one region to which the effective user name you used belongs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-218">If you select another column, like City from the DimGeography table as Row Label field, only cities in the sales territory to which the effective user belongs are displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-218">If you select another column, like City from the DimGeography table as Row Label field, only cities in the sales territory to which the effective user belongs are displayed.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="197a2-219">This user cannot browse or query any Internet sales data for territories other than the one they belong to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-219">This user cannot browse or query any Internet sales data for territories other than the one they belong to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="197a2-220">This restriction is because the row filter defined for the DimSalesTerritory table, in the Sales Employees by Territory user role, secures data for all data related to other sales territories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-220">This restriction is because the row filter defined for the DimSalesTerritory table, in the Sales Employees by Territory user role, secures data for all data related to other sales territories.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="197a2-221">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-221">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="197a2-222">USERNAME Function (DAX)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-222">USERNAME Function (DAX)</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh230954.aspx)  
[<span data-ttu-id="197a2-223">LOOKUPVALUE Function (DAX)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-223">LOOKUPVALUE Function (DAX)</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/gg492170.aspx)  
[<span data-ttu-id="197a2-224">CUSTOMDATA Function (DAX)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="197a2-224">CUSTOMDATA Function (DAX)</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/hh213140.aspx)  