---
title: Troubleshoot user behavior analytics tools in Azure Application Insights
description: Troubleshooting guide - analyzing site and app usage with Application Insights.
services: application-insights
documentationcenter: ''
author: mrbullwinkle
manager: carmonm
ms.service: application-insights
ms.workload: tbd
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ibiza
ms.devlang: multiple
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 07/11/2018
ms.reviewer: daviste
ms.author: mbullwin
ms.openlocfilehash: 725f67af8178c6c851999d18c771ebdd360d6d01
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869522"
---
# <a name="troubleshoot-user-behavior-analytics-tools-in-application-insights"></a><span data-ttu-id="2aad3-103">Troubleshoot user behavior analytics tools in Application Insights</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-103">Troubleshoot user behavior analytics tools in Application Insights</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-104">Have questions about the [user behavior analytics tools in Application Insights](app-insights-usage-overview.md): [Users, Sessions, Events](app-insights-usage-segmentation.md), [Funnels](usage-funnels.md), [User Flows](app-insights-usage-flows.md), [Retention](app-insights-usage-retention.md), or Cohorts?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-104">Have questions about the [user behavior analytics tools in Application Insights](app-insights-usage-overview.md): [Users, Sessions, Events](app-insights-usage-segmentation.md), [Funnels](usage-funnels.md), [User Flows](app-insights-usage-flows.md), [Retention](app-insights-usage-retention.md), or Cohorts?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-105">Here are some answers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-105">Here are some answers.</span></span>

## <a name="counting-users"></a><span data-ttu-id="2aad3-106">Counting Users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-106">Counting Users</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-107">**The user behavior analytics tools show that my app has one user/session, but I know my app has many users/sessions. How can I fix these incorrect counts?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-107">**The user behavior analytics tools show that my app has one user/session, but I know my app has many users/sessions. How can I fix these incorrect counts?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-108">All telemetry events in Application Insights have an [anonymous user ID](application-insights-data-model-context.md) and a [session ID](application-insights-data-model-context.md) as two of their standard properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-108">All telemetry events in Application Insights have an [anonymous user ID](application-insights-data-model-context.md) and a [session ID](application-insights-data-model-context.md) as two of their standard properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-109">By default, all of the usage analytics tools count users and sessions based on these IDs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-109">By default, all of the usage analytics tools count users and sessions based on these IDs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-110">If these standard properties aren't being populated with unique IDs for each user and session of your app, you'll see an incorrect count of users and sessions in the usage analytics tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-110">If these standard properties aren't being populated with unique IDs for each user and session of your app, you'll see an incorrect count of users and sessions in the usage analytics tools.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-111">If you're monitoring a web app, the easiest solution is to add the [Application Insights JavaScript SDK](app-insights-javascript.md) to your app, and make sure the script snippet is loaded on each page you want to monitor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-111">If you're monitoring a web app, the easiest solution is to add the [Application Insights JavaScript SDK](app-insights-javascript.md) to your app, and make sure the script snippet is loaded on each page you want to monitor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-112">The JavaScript SDK automatically generates anonymous user and session IDs, then populates telemetry events with these IDs as they're sent from your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-112">The JavaScript SDK automatically generates anonymous user and session IDs, then populates telemetry events with these IDs as they're sent from your app.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-113">If you're monitoring a web service (no user interface), [create a telemetry initializer that populates the anonymous user ID and session ID properties](app-insights-usage-send-user-context.md) according to your service's notions of unique users and sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-113">If you're monitoring a web service (no user interface), [create a telemetry initializer that populates the anonymous user ID and session ID properties](app-insights-usage-send-user-context.md) according to your service's notions of unique users and sessions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-114">If your app is sending [authenticated user IDs](app-insights-api-custom-events-metrics.md#authenticated-users), you can count based on authenticated user IDs in the Users tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-114">If your app is sending [authenticated user IDs](app-insights-api-custom-events-metrics.md#authenticated-users), you can count based on authenticated user IDs in the Users tool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-115">In the "Show" dropdown, choose "Authenticated users."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-115">In the "Show" dropdown, choose "Authenticated users."</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-116">The user behavior analytics tools don't currently support counting users or sessions based on properties other than anonymous user ID, authenticated user ID, or session ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-116">The user behavior analytics tools don't currently support counting users or sessions based on properties other than anonymous user ID, authenticated user ID, or session ID.</span></span>

## <a name="naming-events"></a><span data-ttu-id="2aad3-117">Naming Events</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-117">Naming Events</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-118">**My app has thousands of different page view and custom event names. It's hard to distinguish between them, and the user behavior analytics tools often become unresponsive. How can I fix these naming issues?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-118">**My app has thousands of different page view and custom event names. It's hard to distinguish between them, and the user behavior analytics tools often become unresponsive. How can I fix these naming issues?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-119">Page view and custom event names are used throughout the user behavior analytics tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-119">Page view and custom event names are used throughout the user behavior analytics tools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-120">Naming events well is critical to getting value from these tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-120">Naming events well is critical to getting value from these tools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-121">The goal is a balance between having too few, overly generic names ("Button clicked") and having too many, overly specific names ("Edit button clicked on http://www.contoso.com/index").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-121">The goal is a balance between having too few, overly generic names ("Button clicked") and having too many, overly specific names ("Edit button clicked on http://www.contoso.com/index").</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-122">To make any changes to the page view and custom event names your app is sending, you need to change your app's source code and redeploy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-122">To make any changes to the page view and custom event names your app is sending, you need to change your app's source code and redeploy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-123">**All telemetry data in Application Insights is stored for 90 days and cannot be deleted**, so changes you make to event names will take 90 days to fully manifest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-123">**All telemetry data in Application Insights is stored for 90 days and cannot be deleted**, so changes you make to event names will take 90 days to fully manifest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-124">For the 90 days after making name changes, both the old and new event names will show up in your telemetry, so adjust queries and communicate within your teams, accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-124">For the 90 days after making name changes, both the old and new event names will show up in your telemetry, so adjust queries and communicate within your teams, accordingly.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-125">If your app is sending too many page view names, check whether these page view names are specified manually in code or if they're being sent automatically by the Application Insights JavaScript SDK:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-125">If your app is sending too many page view names, check whether these page view names are specified manually in code or if they're being sent automatically by the Application Insights JavaScript SDK:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-126">If the page view names are manually specified in code using the [`trackPageView` API](https://github.com/Microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS/blob/master/API-reference.md), change the name to be less specific.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-126">If the page view names are manually specified in code using the [`trackPageView` API](https://github.com/Microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS/blob/master/API-reference.md), change the name to be less specific.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-127">Avoid common mistakes like putting the URL in the name of the page view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-127">Avoid common mistakes like putting the URL in the name of the page view.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-128">Instead, use the URL parameter of the `trackPageView` API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-128">Instead, use the URL parameter of the `trackPageView` API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-129">Move other details from the page view name into custom properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-129">Move other details from the page view name into custom properties.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-130">If the Application Insights JavaScript SDK is automatically sending page view names, you can either change your pages' titles or switch to manually sending page view names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-130">If the Application Insights JavaScript SDK is automatically sending page view names, you can either change your pages' titles or switch to manually sending page view names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-131">The SDK sends the [title](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/title) of each page as the page view name, by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-131">The SDK sends the [title](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/title) of each page as the page view name, by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-132">You could change your titles to be more general, but be mindful of SEO and other impacts this change could have.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-132">You could change your titles to be more general, but be mindful of SEO and other impacts this change could have.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-133">Manually specifying page view names with the `trackPageView` API overrides the automatically collected names, so you could send more general names in telemetry without changing page titles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-133">Manually specifying page view names with the `trackPageView` API overrides the automatically collected names, so you could send more general names in telemetry without changing page titles.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-134">If your app is sending too many custom event names, change the name in the code to be less specific.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-134">If your app is sending too many custom event names, change the name in the code to be less specific.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-135">Again, avoid putting URLs and other per-page or dynamic information in the custom event names directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-135">Again, avoid putting URLs and other per-page or dynamic information in the custom event names directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-136">Instead, move these details into custom properties of the custom event with the `trackEvent` API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-136">Instead, move these details into custom properties of the custom event with the `trackEvent` API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2aad3-137">For example, instead of `appInsights.trackEvent("Edit button clicked on http://www.contoso.com/index")`, we suggest something like `appInsights.trackEvent("Edit button clicked", { "Source URL": "http://www.contoso.com/index" })`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-137">For example, instead of `appInsights.trackEvent("Edit button clicked on http://www.contoso.com/index")`, we suggest something like `appInsights.trackEvent("Edit button clicked", { "Source URL": "http://www.contoso.com/index" })`.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="2aad3-138">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-138">Next steps</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-139">User behavior analytics tools overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-139">User behavior analytics tools overview</span></span>](app-insights-usage-overview.md)

## <a name="get-help"></a><span data-ttu-id="2aad3-140">Get help</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-140">Get help</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2aad3-141">Stack Overflow</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2aad3-141">Stack Overflow</span></span>](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ms-application-insights)

