---
title: Guidance for personal data stored in Azure Application Insights | Microsoft Docs
description: This article describes how to manage personal data stored in Azure Application Insights and the methods to identify and remove it.
services: application-insights
documentationcenter: ''
author: mrbullwinkle
manager: carmonm
ms.assetid: ea2a28ed-4cd9-4006-bd5a-d4c76f4ec20b
ms.service: application-insights
ms.workload: tbd
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ibiza
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 05/18/2018
ms.reviewer: Evgeny.Ternovsky
ms.author: mbullwin
ms.openlocfilehash: a59b57c546f18a7d91160f2ae7282af82fc42160
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869342"
---
# <a name="guidance-for-personal-data-stored-in-application-insights"></a><span data-ttu-id="79ec2-103">Guidance for personal data stored in Application Insights</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-103">Guidance for personal data stored in Application Insights</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-104">Application Insights is a data store where personal data is likely to be found.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-104">Application Insights is a data store where personal data is likely to be found.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-105">This article discusses where in Application Insights this data is typically found, as well as the capabilities available to you to handle this data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-105">This article discusses where in Application Insights this data is typically found, as well as the capabilities available to you to handle this data.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [GDPR-related guidance](../../includes/gdpr-dsr-and-stp-note.md)]

## <a name="strategy-for-personal-data-handling"></a><span data-ttu-id="79ec2-106">Strategy for personal data handling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-106">Strategy for personal data handling</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-107">While it will be up to you and your company to ultimately determine the strategy with which you will handle your private data (if at all), the following are some possible approaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-107">While it will be up to you and your company to ultimately determine the strategy with which you will handle your private data (if at all), the following are some possible approaches.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-108">They are listed in order of preference from a technical point of view from most to least preferable:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-108">They are listed in order of preference from a technical point of view from most to least preferable:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-109">Where possible, stop collection of, obfuscate, anonymize, or otherwise adjust the data being collected to exclude it from being considered _private_.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-109">Where possible, stop collection of, obfuscate, anonymize, or otherwise adjust the data being collected to exclude it from being considered _private_.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-110">This method, is the preferred approach, saving you the need to create a costly and impactful data handling strategy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-110">This method, is the preferred approach, saving you the need to create a costly and impactful data handling strategy.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-111">Where not possible, attempt to normalize the data to reduce the impact on the data platform and performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-111">Where not possible, attempt to normalize the data to reduce the impact on the data platform and performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-112">For example, instead of logging an explicit User ID, create a lookup to data that will correlate the username and their details to an internal ID that can then be logged elsewhere.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-112">For example, instead of logging an explicit User ID, create a lookup to data that will correlate the username and their details to an internal ID that can then be logged elsewhere.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-113">That way, if one of your users ask you to delete their personal information, it is possible that only deleting the row in the lookup table corresponding to the user will be sufficient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-113">That way, if one of your users ask you to delete their personal information, it is possible that only deleting the row in the lookup table corresponding to the user will be sufficient.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-114">Finally, if private data must be collected, build a process around the purge API path and the existing query API path to meet any obligations you may have around exporting and deleting any private data associated with a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-114">Finally, if private data must be collected, build a process around the purge API path and the existing query API path to meet any obligations you may have around exporting and deleting any private data associated with a user.</span></span>

## <a name="where-to-look-for-private-data-in-application-insights"></a><span data-ttu-id="79ec2-115">Where to look for private data in Application Insights?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-115">Where to look for private data in Application Insights?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-116">Application Insights is a completely flexible store, which while prescribing a schema to your data, allows you to override every field with custom values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-116">Application Insights is a completely flexible store, which while prescribing a schema to your data, allows you to override every field with custom values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-117">As such, it's impossible to say exactly where private data will be found in your specific application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-117">As such, it's impossible to say exactly where private data will be found in your specific application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-118">The following locations, however, are good starting points in your inventory:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-118">The following locations, however, are good starting points in your inventory:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-119">*IP addresses*: While Application Insights will by default obfuscate all IP address fields to "0.0.0.0", it is a fairly common pattern to override this value with the actual user IP to maintain session information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-119">*IP addresses*: While Application Insights will by default obfuscate all IP address fields to "0.0.0.0", it is a fairly common pattern to override this value with the actual user IP to maintain session information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-120">The Analytics query below can be used to find any table that contains values in the IP address column other than "0.0.0.0" over the last 24 hours:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-120">The Analytics query below can be used to find any table that contains values in the IP address column other than "0.0.0.0" over the last 24 hours:</span></span>
    ```
    search client_IP != "0.0.0.0"
    | where timestamp > ago(1d)
    | summarize numNonObfuscatedIPs_24h = count() by $table
    ```
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-121">*User IDs*: By default, Application Insights will use randomly generated IDs for user and session tracking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-121">*User IDs*: By default, Application Insights will use randomly generated IDs for user and session tracking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-122">However, it is common to see these fields overridden to store an ID more relevant to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-122">However, it is common to see these fields overridden to store an ID more relevant to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-123">For example: usernames, AAD GUIDs, etc. These IDs are often considered to be in-scope as personal data, and therefore, should be handled appropriately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-123">For example: usernames, AAD GUIDs, etc. These IDs are often considered to be in-scope as personal data, and therefore, should be handled appropriately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-124">Our recommendation is always to attempt to obfuscate or anonymize these IDs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-124">Our recommendation is always to attempt to obfuscate or anonymize these IDs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-125">Fields where these values are commonly found include session_Id, user_Id, user_AuthenticatedId, user_AccountId, as well as customDimensions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-125">Fields where these values are commonly found include session_Id, user_Id, user_AuthenticatedId, user_AccountId, as well as customDimensions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-126">*Custom data*: Application Insights allows you to append a set of custom dimensions to any data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-126">*Custom data*: Application Insights allows you to append a set of custom dimensions to any data type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-127">These dimensions can be *any* data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-127">These dimensions can be *any* data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-128">Use the following query to identify any custom dimensions collected over the last 24 hours:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-128">Use the following query to identify any custom dimensions collected over the last 24 hours:</span></span>
    ```
    search * 
    | where isnotempty(customDimensions)
    | where timestamp > ago(1d)
    | project $table, timestamp, name, customDimensions 
    ```
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-129">*In-memory and in-transit data*: Application Insights will track exceptions, requests, dependency calls, and traces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-129">*In-memory and in-transit data*: Application Insights will track exceptions, requests, dependency calls, and traces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-130">Private data can often be collected at the code and HTTP call level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-130">Private data can often be collected at the code and HTTP call level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-131">Review the exceptions, requests, dependencies, and traces tables to identify any such data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-131">Review the exceptions, requests, dependencies, and traces tables to identify any such data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-132">Use [telemetry initializers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-insights/app-insights-api-filtering-sampling) where possible to obfuscate this data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-132">Use [telemetry initializers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-insights/app-insights-api-filtering-sampling) where possible to obfuscate this data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-133">*Snapshot Debugger captures*: The [Snapshot Debugger](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-insights/app-insights-snapshot-debugger) feature in Application Insights allows you to collect debug snapshots whenever an exception is caught on the production instance of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-133">*Snapshot Debugger captures*: The [Snapshot Debugger](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-insights/app-insights-snapshot-debugger) feature in Application Insights allows you to collect debug snapshots whenever an exception is caught on the production instance of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-134">Snapshots will expose the full stack trace leading to the exceptions as well as the values for local variables at every step in the stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-134">Snapshots will expose the full stack trace leading to the exceptions as well as the values for local variables at every step in the stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-135">Unfortunately, this feature does not allow for selective deletion of snap points, or programmatic access to data within the snapshot.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-135">Unfortunately, this feature does not allow for selective deletion of snap points, or programmatic access to data within the snapshot.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-136">Therefore, if the default snapshot retention rate does not satisfy your compliance requirements, the recommendation is to turn off the feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-136">Therefore, if the default snapshot retention rate does not satisfy your compliance requirements, the recommendation is to turn off the feature.</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-export-and-delete-private-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="79ec2-137">How to export and delete private data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-137">How to export and delete private data</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-138">It is __strongly__ recommended, when possible, to restructure your data collection policy to disable the collection of private data, obfuscating or anonymizing it, or otherwise modifying it to remove it from being considered "private."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-138">It is __strongly__ recommended, when possible, to restructure your data collection policy to disable the collection of private data, obfuscating or anonymizing it, or otherwise modifying it to remove it from being considered "private."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-139">Handling the data after it has been collected, will result in costs to you and your team to define and automate a strategy, build an interface for your customers to interact with their data through, and ongoing maintenance costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-139">Handling the data after it has been collected, will result in costs to you and your team to define and automate a strategy, build an interface for your customers to interact with their data through, and ongoing maintenance costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-140">Further, it is computationally costly for Application Insights, and a large volume of concurrent query or purge API calls have the potential to negatively impact all other interaction with Application Insights functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-140">Further, it is computationally costly for Application Insights, and a large volume of concurrent query or purge API calls have the potential to negatively impact all other interaction with Application Insights functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-141">That said, there are indeed some valid scenarios where private data must be collected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-141">That said, there are indeed some valid scenarios where private data must be collected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-142">For these cases, data should be handled as described in this section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-142">For these cases, data should be handled as described in this section.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [GDPR-related guidance](../../includes/gdpr-intro-sentence.md)]

### <a name="view-and-export"></a><span data-ttu-id="79ec2-143">View and export</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-143">View and export</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-144">For both view and export data requests, the [Query API](https://dev.applicationinsights.io/quickstart) should be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-144">For both view and export data requests, the [Query API](https://dev.applicationinsights.io/quickstart) should be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-145">Logic to convert the shape of the data to an appropriate one to deliver to your users will be up to you to implement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-145">Logic to convert the shape of the data to an appropriate one to deliver to your users will be up to you to implement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-146">[Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/functions/) is a great place to host such logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-146">[Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/functions/) is a great place to host such logic.</span></span>

### <a name="delete"></a><span data-ttu-id="79ec2-147">Delete</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-147">Delete</span></span>

> [!WARNING]
> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-148">Deletes in Application Insights are destructive and non-reversible!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-148">Deletes in Application Insights are destructive and non-reversible!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-149">Please use extreme caution in their execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-149">Please use extreme caution in their execution.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-150">We have made available as part of a privacy handling story a "purge" API path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-150">We have made available as part of a privacy handling story a "purge" API path.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-151">This path should be used sparingly due to the risk associated with doing so, the potential performance impact, and the potential to skew all-up aggregations, measurements, and other aspects of your Application Insights data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-151">This path should be used sparingly due to the risk associated with doing so, the potential performance impact, and the potential to skew all-up aggregations, measurements, and other aspects of your Application Insights data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-152">See the [Strategy for personal data handling](#strategy-for-personal-data-handling) section above for alternative approaches to handle private data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-152">See the [Strategy for personal data handling](#strategy-for-personal-data-handling) section above for alternative approaches to handle private data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-153">Purge is a highly privileged operation that no app or user in Azure (including even the resource owner) will have permissions to execute without explicitly being granted a role in Azure Resource Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-153">Purge is a highly privileged operation that no app or user in Azure (including even the resource owner) will have permissions to execute without explicitly being granted a role in Azure Resource Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-154">This role is _Data Purger_ and should be carefully delegated due to the potential for data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-154">This role is _Data Purger_ and should be carefully delegated due to the potential for data loss.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-155">Once the Azure Resource Manager role has been assigned, two new API paths are available, full developer documentation and call shape linked:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-155">Once the Azure Resource Manager role has been assigned, two new API paths are available, full developer documentation and call shape linked:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-156">[POST purge](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/application-insights/components/purge) - takes an object specifying parameters of data to delete and returns a reference GUID</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-156">[POST purge](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/application-insights/components/purge) - takes an object specifying parameters of data to delete and returns a reference GUID</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-157">GET purge status - the POST purge call will return an 'x-ms-status-location' header that will include a URL that you can call to determine the status of your purge API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-157">GET purge status - the POST purge call will return an 'x-ms-status-location' header that will include a URL that you can call to determine the status of your purge API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-158">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-158">For example:</span></span>
   ```
   x-ms-status-location: https://management.azure.com/subscriptions/[SubscriptionId]/resourceGroups/[ResourceGroupName]/providers/microsoft.insights/components/[ComponentName]/operations/purge-[PurgeOperationId]?api-version=2015-05-01
   ```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>  <span data-ttu-id="79ec2-159">While the vast majority of purge operations may complete much quicker than the SLA, due to their heavy impact on the data platform used by Application Insights, **the formal SLA for the completion of purge operations is set at 30 days**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-159">While the vast majority of purge operations may complete much quicker than the SLA, due to their heavy impact on the data platform used by Application Insights, **the formal SLA for the completion of purge operations is set at 30 days**.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="79ec2-160">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-160">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="79ec2-161">To learn more about how data is collected, processed, and secured, see [Application Insights data security](app-insights-data-retention-privacy.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79ec2-161">To learn more about how data is collected, processed, and secured, see [Application Insights data security](app-insights-data-retention-privacy.md).</span></span>