---
title: What is group-based licensing in Azure AD? | Microsoft Docs
description: Description of Azure Active Directory group-based licensing, how it works and best practices
services: active-directory
keywords: Azure AD licensing
documentationcenter: ''
author: eross-msft
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: fundamentals
ms.topic: overview
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 06/13/2018
ms.author: lizross
ms.reviewer: krbain
ms.custom: it-pro
ms.openlocfilehash: 5f5aab6a8514636e8be09deb773748080871b9d4
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44864421"
---
# <a name="group-based-licensing-basics-in-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="96f28-105">Group-based licensing basics in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-105">Group-based licensing basics in Azure Active Directory</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96f28-106">Microsoft paid cloud services, such as Office 365, Enterprise Mobility + Security, Dynamics 365, and other similar products, require licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-106">Microsoft paid cloud services, such as Office 365, Enterprise Mobility + Security, Dynamics 365, and other similar products, require licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-107">These licenses are assigned to each user who needs access to these services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-107">These licenses are assigned to each user who needs access to these services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-108">To manage licenses, administrators use one of the management portals (Office or Azure) and PowerShell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-108">To manage licenses, administrators use one of the management portals (Office or Azure) and PowerShell cmdlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-109">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) is the underlying infrastructure that supports identity management for all Microsoft cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-109">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) is the underlying infrastructure that supports identity management for all Microsoft cloud services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-110">Azure AD stores information about license assignment states for users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-110">Azure AD stores information about license assignment states for users.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96f28-111">Until now, licenses could only be assigned at the individual user level, which can make large-scale management difficult.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-111">Until now, licenses could only be assigned at the individual user level, which can make large-scale management difficult.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-112">For example, to add or remove user licenses based on organizational changes, such as users joining or leaving the organization or a department, an administrator often must write a complex PowerShell script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-112">For example, to add or remove user licenses based on organizational changes, such as users joining or leaving the organization or a department, an administrator often must write a complex PowerShell script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-113">This script makes individual calls to the cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-113">This script makes individual calls to the cloud service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96f28-114">To address those challenges, Azure AD now includes group-based licensing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-114">To address those challenges, Azure AD now includes group-based licensing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-115">You can assign one or more product licenses to a group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-115">You can assign one or more product licenses to a group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-116">Azure AD ensures that the licenses are assigned to all members of the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-116">Azure AD ensures that the licenses are assigned to all members of the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-117">Any new members who join the group are assigned the appropriate licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-117">Any new members who join the group are assigned the appropriate licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-118">When they leave the group, those licenses are removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-118">When they leave the group, those licenses are removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-119">This eliminates the need for automating license management via PowerShell to reflect changes in the organization and departmental structure on a per-user basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-119">This eliminates the need for automating license management via PowerShell to reflect changes in the organization and departmental structure on a per-user basis.</span></span>

>[!Note]
><span data-ttu-id="96f28-120">Group-based licensing is a public preview feature of Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) and is available with any paid Azure AD license plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-120">Group-based licensing is a public preview feature of Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) and is available with any paid Azure AD license plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-121">For more information about previews, see [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-121">For more information about previews, see [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/).</span></span>

## <a name="features"></a><span data-ttu-id="96f28-122">Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-122">Features</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96f28-123">Here are the main features of group-based licensing:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-123">Here are the main features of group-based licensing:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-124">Licenses can be assigned to any security group in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-124">Licenses can be assigned to any security group in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-125">Security groups can be synced on-premises, by using Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-125">Security groups can be synced on-premises, by using Azure AD Connect.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-126">You can also create security groups directly in Azure AD (also called cloud-only groups), or automatically via the Azure AD dynamic group feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-126">You can also create security groups directly in Azure AD (also called cloud-only groups), or automatically via the Azure AD dynamic group feature.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-127">When a product license is assigned to a group, the administrator can disable one or more service plans in the product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-127">When a product license is assigned to a group, the administrator can disable one or more service plans in the product.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-128">Typically, this is done when the organization is not yet ready to start using a service included in a product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-128">Typically, this is done when the organization is not yet ready to start using a service included in a product.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-129">For example, the administrator might assign Office 365 to a department, but temporarily disable the Yammer service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-129">For example, the administrator might assign Office 365 to a department, but temporarily disable the Yammer service.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-130">All Microsoft cloud services that require user-level licensing are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-130">All Microsoft cloud services that require user-level licensing are supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-131">This includes all Office 365 products, Enterprise Mobility + Security, and Dynamics 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-131">This includes all Office 365 products, Enterprise Mobility + Security, and Dynamics 365.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-132">Group-based licensing is currently available only through [the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-132">Group-based licensing is currently available only through [the Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-133">If you primarily use other management portals for user and group management, such as the Office 365 portal, you can continue to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-133">If you primarily use other management portals for user and group management, such as the Office 365 portal, you can continue to do so.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-134">But you should use the Azure portal to manage licenses at group level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-134">But you should use the Azure portal to manage licenses at group level.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-135">Azure AD automatically manages license modifications that result from group membership changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-135">Azure AD automatically manages license modifications that result from group membership changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-136">Typically, license modifications are effective within minutes of a membership change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-136">Typically, license modifications are effective within minutes of a membership change.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-137">A user can be a member of multiple groups with license policies specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-137">A user can be a member of multiple groups with license policies specified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-138">A user can also have some licenses that were directly assigned, outside of any groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-138">A user can also have some licenses that were directly assigned, outside of any groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-139">The resulting user state is a combination of all assigned product and service licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-139">The resulting user state is a combination of all assigned product and service licenses.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-140">In some cases, licenses cannot be assigned to a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-140">In some cases, licenses cannot be assigned to a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-141">For example, there might not be enough available licenses in the tenant, or conflicting services might have been assigned at the same time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-141">For example, there might not be enough available licenses in the tenant, or conflicting services might have been assigned at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-142">Administrators have access to information about users for whom Azure AD could not fully process group licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-142">Administrators have access to information about users for whom Azure AD could not fully process group licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="96f28-143">They can then take corrective action based on that information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-143">They can then take corrective action based on that information.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="96f28-144">During public preview, a paid or trial subscription for Azure AD Basic or Premium editions is required in the tenant to use group-based license management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-144">During public preview, a paid or trial subscription for Azure AD Basic or Premium editions is required in the tenant to use group-based license management.</span></span>

## <a name="your-feedback-is-welcome"></a><span data-ttu-id="96f28-145">Your feedback is welcome!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-145">Your feedback is welcome!</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96f28-146">If you have feedback or feature requests, please share them with us using [the Azure AD admin forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/169401-azure-active-directory?category_id=162510).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-146">If you have feedback or feature requests, please share them with us using [the Azure AD admin forum](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/169401-azure-active-directory?category_id=162510).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="96f28-147">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-147">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="96f28-148">To learn more about other scenarios for license management through group-based licensing, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-148">To learn more about other scenarios for license management through group-based licensing, see:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="96f28-149">Assigning licenses to a group in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-149">Assigning licenses to a group in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](../users-groups-roles/licensing-groups-assign.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="96f28-150">Identifying and resolving license problems for a group in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-150">Identifying and resolving license problems for a group in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](../users-groups-roles/licensing-groups-resolve-problems.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="96f28-151">How to migrate individual licensed users to group-based licensing in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-151">How to migrate individual licensed users to group-based licensing in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](../users-groups-roles/licensing-groups-migrate-users.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="96f28-152">Azure Active Directory group-based licensing additional scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="96f28-152">Azure Active Directory group-based licensing additional scenarios</span></span>](../users-groups-roles/licensing-group-advanced.md)
