---
title: Fundamentals of Azure identity management | Microsoft Docs
description: Cloud-based identities are now the best way to maintain control over, and visibility into, how and when users access corporate applications and data.
keywords: ''
author: eross-msft
manager: mtillman
ms.reviewer: jsnow
ms.author: lizross
ms.date: 08/07/2018
ms.topic: overview
ms.prod: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: fundamentals
ms.technology: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.custom: it-pro
ms.openlocfilehash: 327cecd129befb56c33d7fcf2d59ee5b58a18549
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44867394"
---
# <a name="fundamentals-of-azure-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="566e7-103">Fundamentals of Azure identity management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-103">Fundamentals of Azure identity management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-104">As more and more company digital resources live outside the corporate network, in the cloud and on devices, a great cloud-based identity and access management solution is becoming a necessity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-104">As more and more company digital resources live outside the corporate network, in the cloud and on devices, a great cloud-based identity and access management solution is becoming a necessity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-105">Cloud-based identities are now the best way to maintain control over, and visibility into, how and when users access corporate applications and data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-105">Cloud-based identities are now the best way to maintain control over, and visibility into, how and when users access corporate applications and data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-106">Microsoft has been securing cloud-based identities for over a decade and now, with [Azure Active Directory (AD)](active-directory-whatis.md), these same protection systems are available to you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-106">Microsoft has been securing cloud-based identities for over a decade and now, with [Azure Active Directory (AD)](active-directory-whatis.md), these same protection systems are available to you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-107">With Azure AD, enterprise administrators can easily ensure user and administrator accountability with better security and governance than ever before.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-107">With Azure AD, enterprise administrators can easily ensure user and administrator accountability with better security and governance than ever before.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-108">Azure AD Premium is a cloud-based identity and access management solution with advanced protection capabilities that enables one secure identity for all apps, identity protection (enhanced by the [Microsoft intelligence security graph](https://www.microsoft.com/security/intelligence)), and Privileged Identity Management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-108">Azure AD Premium is a cloud-based identity and access management solution with advanced protection capabilities that enables one secure identity for all apps, identity protection (enhanced by the [Microsoft intelligence security graph](https://www.microsoft.com/security/intelligence)), and Privileged Identity Management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-109">Not just another monitoring or reporting tool, Azure AD Premium can protect your user’s identities in real time and enable you to create risk-based, adaptive access policies to protect your organization’s data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-109">Not just another monitoring or reporting tool, Azure AD Premium can protect your user’s identities in real time and enable you to create risk-based, adaptive access policies to protect your organization’s data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-110">Watch this short video for a quick overview of Azure AD identity management and protection:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-110">Watch this short video for a quick overview of Azure AD identity management and protection:</span></span>
>[!VIDEO https://www.youtube.com/embed/9LGIJ2-FKIM]

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-111">Microsoft not only provides an identity that takes you everywhere, but also a set of tools to automate, help secure, and manage IT within your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-111">Microsoft not only provides an identity that takes you everywhere, but also a set of tools to automate, help secure, and manage IT within your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-112">Even after the advent of cloud computing, there is still demand to manage and control IT tasks like helpdesk calls to reset user passwords, user group management, and application requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-112">Even after the advent of cloud computing, there is still demand to manage and control IT tasks like helpdesk calls to reset user passwords, user group management, and application requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-113">Complicating things further, employees are now bringing their personal devices to work and using readily available SaaS applications, which makes maintaining control over their applications across corporate datacenters and public cloud platforms a significant challenge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-113">Complicating things further, employees are now bringing their personal devices to work and using readily available SaaS applications, which makes maintaining control over their applications across corporate datacenters and public cloud platforms a significant challenge.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [identity](../../../includes/azure-ad-licenses.md)]

## <a name="connect-on-premises-active-directory-with-azure-ad-and-office-365"></a><span data-ttu-id="566e7-114">Connect on-premises Active Directory with Azure AD and Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-114">Connect on-premises Active Directory with Azure AD and Office 365</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="566e7-115">Organizations that have made large investments in on-premises Active Directory can extend those investments to the cloud by integrating their on-premises directories with Azure AD into [hybrid identity management](https://aka.ms/aadframework).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-115">Organizations that have made large investments in on-premises Active Directory can extend those investments to the cloud by integrating their on-premises directories with Azure AD into [hybrid identity management](https://aka.ms/aadframework).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-116">Doing so makes your users more productive by providing a common identity for accessing resources regardless of location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-116">Doing so makes your users more productive by providing a common identity for accessing resources regardless of location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-117">Users and organizations can then use single sign-on (SSO) to access both on-premises resources and cloud services such as Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-117">Users and organizations can then use single sign-on (SSO) to access both on-premises resources and cloud services such as Office 365.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-118">[Azure AD Connect](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect) is the only tool you need to get the integration done.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-118">[Azure AD Connect](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect) is the only tool you need to get the integration done.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-119">Azure AD Connect provides capabilities to support your identity synchronization needs and replaces older versions of identity integration tools such as DirSync and Azure AD Sync. With Azure AD Connect, identity management and synchronization between on-premises and Azure AD is enabled through:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-119">Azure AD Connect provides capabilities to support your identity synchronization needs and replaces older versions of identity integration tools such as DirSync and Azure AD Sync. With Azure AD Connect, identity management and synchronization between on-premises and Azure AD is enabled through:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="566e7-120">Synchronization - This component is responsible for creating users, groups, and other objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-120">Synchronization - This component is responsible for creating users, groups, and other objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-121">It is also responsible for making sure identity information for your on-premises users and groups is matching the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-121">It is also responsible for making sure identity information for your on-premises users and groups is matching the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-122">Password write-back can also be enabled to keep on-premises directories in sync when a user updates their password in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-122">Password write-back can also be enabled to keep on-premises directories in sync when a user updates their password in Azure AD.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="566e7-123">Authentication - When the Azure AD is your new control plane, authentication is the foundation of cloud access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-123">Authentication - When the Azure AD is your new control plane, authentication is the foundation of cloud access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-124">Choosing the correct authentication method is a key decision in setting up an Azure AD hybrid identity solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-124">Choosing the correct authentication method is a key decision in setting up an Azure AD hybrid identity solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-125">Review [this guide](https://aka.ms/auth-options) to choose between cloud authentication (Password Hash Synchronization / Pass-through Authentication) or federated authentication (AD FS) for your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-125">Review [this guide](https://aka.ms/auth-options) to choose between cloud authentication (Password Hash Synchronization / Pass-through Authentication) or federated authentication (AD FS) for your organization.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="566e7-126">Health Monitoring - [Azure AD Connect Health](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect-health/active-directory-aadconnect-health) can provide robust monitoring and provide a central location in the Azure portal to view this activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-126">Health Monitoring - [Azure AD Connect Health](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect-health/active-directory-aadconnect-health) can provide robust monitoring and provide a central location in the Azure portal to view this activity.</span></span>

## <a name="increase-productivity-and-reduce-helpdesk-costs-with-self-service-and-single-sign-on-experiences"></a><span data-ttu-id="566e7-127">Increase productivity and reduce helpdesk costs with self-service and single sign-on experiences</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-127">Increase productivity and reduce helpdesk costs with self-service and single sign-on experiences</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-128">Employees are more productive when they have a single username and password to remember and a consistent experience from every device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-128">Employees are more productive when they have a single username and password to remember and a consistent experience from every device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-129">They also save time when they can perform self-service tasks like [resetting a forgotten password](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-passwords) or requesting access to an application without waiting for assistance from the helpdesk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-129">They also save time when they can perform self-service tasks like [resetting a forgotten password](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-passwords) or requesting access to an application without waiting for assistance from the helpdesk.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-130">Azure AD [extends on-premises Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect) into the cloud, enabling users to use their primary organizational account for both their domain-joined devices, company resources, and all of the web and SaaS applications they need to use to get their jobs done.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-130">Azure AD [extends on-premises Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect) into the cloud, enabling users to use their primary organizational account for both their domain-joined devices, company resources, and all of the web and SaaS applications they need to use to get their jobs done.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-131">In addition to not having to remember multiple sets of usernames and passwords, users' application access can also be automatically provisioned (or de-provisioned) based on their organization group memberships and their status as an employee.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-131">In addition to not having to remember multiple sets of usernames and passwords, users' application access can also be automatically provisioned (or de-provisioned) based on their organization group memberships and their status as an employee.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-132">And you can control that access for gallery apps or for your own on-premises apps that you’ve developed and published through the [Azure AD Application Proxy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-get-started).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-132">And you can control that access for gallery apps or for your own on-premises apps that you’ve developed and published through the [Azure AD Application Proxy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-get-started).</span></span>

## <a name="manage-and-control-access-to-corporate-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="566e7-133">Manage and control access to corporate resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-133">Manage and control access to corporate resources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="566e7-134">Microsoft identity and access management solutions help IT protect access to applications and resources across the corporate datacenter and into the cloud, enabling additional levels of validation such as [multi-factor authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-whats-next) and [conditional access policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-conditional-access-azure-portal).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-134">Microsoft identity and access management solutions help IT protect access to applications and resources across the corporate datacenter and into the cloud, enabling additional levels of validation such as [multi-factor authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-whats-next) and [conditional access policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-conditional-access-azure-portal).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-135">Monitoring suspicious activity through advanced security reporting, auditing and alerting helps mitigate potential security issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-135">Monitoring suspicious activity through advanced security reporting, auditing and alerting helps mitigate potential security issues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-136">Conditional access policies in Azure AD Premium give you, the enterprise admin, the ability to create policy-based access rules for any Azure AD-connected application (SaaS apps, custom apps running in the cloud or on-premises web applications).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-136">Conditional access policies in Azure AD Premium give you, the enterprise admin, the ability to create policy-based access rules for any Azure AD-connected application (SaaS apps, custom apps running in the cloud or on-premises web applications).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-137">Azure AD evaluates these policies in real time, and enforces them whenever a user attempts to access an application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-137">Azure AD evaluates these policies in real time, and enforces them whenever a user attempts to access an application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-138">Azure identity protection policies enable you to automatically take action if suspicious activity is discovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-138">Azure identity protection policies enable you to automatically take action if suspicious activity is discovered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-139">These actions can include blocking access to users at high risk, enforcing multi-factor authentication, and resetting user passwords if it looks like credentials have been compromised.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-139">These actions can include blocking access to users at high risk, enforcing multi-factor authentication, and resetting user passwords if it looks like credentials have been compromised.</span></span>


## <a name="azure-active-directory-privileged-identity-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="566e7-140">Azure Active Directory Privileged Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-140">Azure Active Directory Privileged Identity Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-141">[Privileged Identity Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-getting-started), included with the Azure Active Directory Premium P2 offering, allows you to discover, restrict, and monitor administrative accounts and their access to resources in your Azure Active Directory and other Microsoft online services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-141">[Privileged Identity Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-getting-started), included with the Azure Active Directory Premium P2 offering, allows you to discover, restrict, and monitor administrative accounts and their access to resources in your Azure Active Directory and other Microsoft online services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="566e7-142">It also helps you administer on-demand administrative access for the exact period of time you need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-142">It also helps you administer on-demand administrative access for the exact period of time you need.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-143">Privileged Identity Management can enforce on-demand administrator rights so that administrators can request multi-factor authenticated, temporary elevation of their privileges for pre-configured periods of time before their accounts return to a normal user state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-143">Privileged Identity Management can enforce on-demand administrator rights so that administrators can request multi-factor authenticated, temporary elevation of their privileges for pre-configured periods of time before their accounts return to a normal user state.</span></span>

## <a name="benefits-of-azure-identity"></a><span data-ttu-id="566e7-144">Benefits of Azure Identity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-144">Benefits of Azure Identity</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="566e7-145">With Azure identity management, you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-145">With Azure identity management, you can:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="566e7-146">Create and manage a single identity for each user across your entire enterprise, keeping users, groups, and devices in sync with [Azure Active Directory Connect](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-146">Create and manage a single identity for each user across your entire enterprise, keeping users, groups, and devices in sync with [Azure Active Directory Connect](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect).</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="566e7-147">Provide single sign-on access to your applications including thousands of pre-integrated SaaS apps or provide secure remote access to on-premises SaaS applications using the [Azure AD Application Proxy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-get-started).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-147">Provide single sign-on access to your applications including thousands of pre-integrated SaaS apps or provide secure remote access to on-premises SaaS applications using the [Azure AD Application Proxy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-application-proxy-get-started).</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="566e7-148">Enable application access security by enforcing rules-based [Multi-Factor Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-whats-next) for both on-premises and cloud applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-148">Enable application access security by enforcing rules-based [Multi-Factor Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-whats-next) for both on-premises and cloud applications.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="566e7-149">Improve user productivity with [self-service password reset](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-passwords), and group and application access requests using the [MyApps portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-access-panel-user-help).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-149">Improve user productivity with [self-service password reset](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-passwords), and group and application access requests using the [MyApps portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-access-panel-user-help).</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="566e7-150">Take advantage of the [high-availability and reliability](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/resiliency/high-availability-azure-applications) of a worldwide, enterprise-grade, cloud-based identity and access management solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-150">Take advantage of the [high-availability and reliability](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/resiliency/high-availability-azure-applications) of a worldwide, enterprise-grade, cloud-based identity and access management solution.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="566e7-151">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-151">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="566e7-152">Learn more about Azure identity solutions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="566e7-152">Learn more about Azure identity solutions</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/understand-azure-identity-solutions)
