---
title: Administrative units management preview in Azure Active Directory
description: Using administrative units for more granular delegation of permissions in Azure Active Directory
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.topic: article
ms.component: users-groups-roles
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 08/17/2017
ms.author: curtand
ms.reviewer: elkuzmen
ms.custom: oldportal;it-pro;
ms.openlocfilehash: 0884726e59d9ab3f5a5cfe7bb0608f6b5a5da250
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44967811"
---
# <a name="administrative-units-management-in-azure-ad---public-preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="b3d01-103">Administrative units management in Azure AD - public preview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-103">Administrative units management in Azure AD - public preview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b3d01-104">This article describes administrative units – a new Azure Active Directory container of resources that can be used for delegating administrative permissions over subsets of users and applying policies to a subset of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-104">This article describes administrative units – a new Azure Active Directory container of resources that can be used for delegating administrative permissions over subsets of users and applying policies to a subset of users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-105">In Azure Active Directory, administrative units enable central administrators to delegate permissions to regional administrators or to set policy at a granular level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-105">In Azure Active Directory, administrative units enable central administrators to delegate permissions to regional administrators or to set policy at a granular level.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b3d01-106">This is useful in organizations with independent divisions, for example, a large university that is made up of many autonomous schools (Business school, Engineering school, and so on) which are independent from each other.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-106">This is useful in organizations with independent divisions, for example, a large university that is made up of many autonomous schools (Business school, Engineering school, and so on) which are independent from each other.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-107">Such divisions have their own IT administrators who control access, manage users, and set policies specifically for their division.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-107">Such divisions have their own IT administrators who control access, manage users, and set policies specifically for their division.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-108">Central administrators want to be able grant these divisional administrators permissions over the users in their particular divisions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-108">Central administrators want to be able grant these divisional administrators permissions over the users in their particular divisions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-109">More specifically, using this example, a central administrator can, for instance, create an administrative unit for a particular school (Business school) and populate it with only the Business school users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-109">More specifically, using this example, a central administrator can, for instance, create an administrative unit for a particular school (Business school) and populate it with only the Business school users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-110">Then a central administrator can add the Business school IT staff to a scoped role, in other words, grant the IT staff of Business school administrative permissions only over the Business school administrative unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-110">Then a central administrator can add the Business school IT staff to a scoped role, in other words, grant the IT staff of Business school administrative permissions only over the Business school administrative unit.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-111">To use Administrative Units requires the Administrative Unit-scoped admin to have an Azure Active Directory Premium license, and Azure Active Directory Basic licenses for all users in the Administrative Unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-111">To use Administrative Units requires the Administrative Unit-scoped admin to have an Azure Active Directory Premium license, and Azure Active Directory Basic licenses for all users in the Administrative Unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-112">For more information, see [Getting started with Azure AD Premium](../fundamentals/active-directory-get-started-premium.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-112">For more information, see [Getting started with Azure AD Premium](../fundamentals/active-directory-get-started-premium.md).</span></span>
>


<span data-ttu-id="b3d01-113">From the central administrator’s point of view, an administrative unit is a directory object that can be created and populated with resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-113">From the central administrator’s point of view, an administrative unit is a directory object that can be created and populated with resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-114">**In this preview release, these resources can be only users.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-114">**In this preview release, these resources can be only users.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-115">Once created and populated, the administrative unit can be used as a scope to restrict the granted permission only over resources contained in the administrative unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-115">Once created and populated, the administrative unit can be used as a scope to restrict the granted permission only over resources contained in the administrative unit.</span></span>

## <a name="managing-administrative-units"></a><span data-ttu-id="b3d01-116">Managing administrative units</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-116">Managing administrative units</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b3d01-117">In this preview release, you can create and manage administrative units using the Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-117">In this preview release, you can create and manage administrative units using the Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell cmdlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b3d01-118">To learn more about how to do that, see [Working with Administrative Units](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/active-directory/working-with-administrative-units?view=azureadps-2.0)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-118">To learn more about how to do that, see [Working with Administrative Units](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/active-directory/working-with-administrative-units?view=azureadps-2.0)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b3d01-119">For more information on software requirements and installing the Azure AD module, and for information on the Azure AD Module cmdlets for managing administrative units, including syntax, parameter descriptions, and examples, see [Azure Active Directory PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/active-directory/overview?view=azureadps-2.0).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-119">For more information on software requirements and installing the Azure AD module, and for information on the Azure AD Module cmdlets for managing administrative units, including syntax, parameter descriptions, and examples, see [Azure Active Directory PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/active-directory/overview?view=azureadps-2.0).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="b3d01-120">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-120">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="b3d01-121">Azure Active Directory editions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b3d01-121">Azure Active Directory editions</span></span>](../fundamentals/active-directory-whatis.md)
