---
title: Manage emergency-access administrative accounts in Azure AD | Microsoft Docs
description: This article describes how to use emergency access accounts to help organizations restrict privileged access within an existing Azure Active Directory environment.
services: active-directory
author: markwahl-msft
ms.author: billmath
ms.date: 12/13/2017
ms.topic: article-type-from-white-list
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.custom: it-pro
ms.reviewer: markwahl-msft
ms.openlocfilehash: 4f3772abc1cdbd3b35b8b1f16e7a47c0f1a17783
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44857791"
---
# <a name="manage-emergency-access-administrative-accounts-in-azure-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="42f2f-103">Manage emergency-access administrative accounts in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-103">Manage emergency-access administrative accounts in Azure AD</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-104">For most day-to-day activities, *global administrator* rights are not needed by your users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-104">For most day-to-day activities, *global administrator* rights are not needed by your users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-105">Users should not be permanently assigned to the role, because they might inadvertently perform a task that requires higher permissions than they should have.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-105">Users should not be permanently assigned to the role, because they might inadvertently perform a task that requires higher permissions than they should have.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-106">When users don't need to act as a global administrator, they should activate the role assignment by using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Privileged Identity Management (PIM), on either their own account or an alternate administrative account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-106">When users don't need to act as a global administrator, they should activate the role assignment by using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Privileged Identity Management (PIM), on either their own account or an alternate administrative account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-107">In addition to users' taking on administrative access rights for themselves, you need to prevent being inadvertently locked out of the administration of your Azure AD tenant because you can neither sign in nor activate an existing individual user's account as an administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-107">In addition to users' taking on administrative access rights for themselves, you need to prevent being inadvertently locked out of the administration of your Azure AD tenant because you can neither sign in nor activate an existing individual user's account as an administrator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-108">You can mitigate the impact of inadvertent lack of administrative access by storing two or more *emergency access accounts* in your tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-108">You can mitigate the impact of inadvertent lack of administrative access by storing two or more *emergency access accounts* in your tenant.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-109">Emergency access accounts can help organizations restrict privileged access within an existing Azure Active Directory environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-109">Emergency access accounts can help organizations restrict privileged access within an existing Azure Active Directory environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-110">Such accounts are highly privileged, and they are not assigned to specific individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-110">Such accounts are highly privileged, and they are not assigned to specific individuals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-111">Emergency access accounts are limited to emergency or 'break glass' scenarios, situations where normal administrative accounts cannot be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-111">Emergency access accounts are limited to emergency or 'break glass' scenarios, situations where normal administrative accounts cannot be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-112">Organizations must maintain a goal of restricting the emergency account's usage to only that time during which it is necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-112">Organizations must maintain a goal of restricting the emergency account's usage to only that time during which it is necessary.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-113">An organization might need to use an emergency access account in the following situations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-113">An organization might need to use an emergency access account in the following situations:</span></span>

 - <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-114">The user accounts are federated, and federation is currently unavailable because of a cell-network break or an identity-provider outage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-114">The user accounts are federated, and federation is currently unavailable because of a cell-network break or an identity-provider outage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-115">For example, if the identity provider host in your environment has gone down, users might be unable to sign in when Azure AD redirects to their identity provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-115">For example, if the identity provider host in your environment has gone down, users might be unable to sign in when Azure AD redirects to their identity provider.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-116">The administrators are registered through Azure Multi-Factor Authentication, and all their individual devices are unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-116">The administrators are registered through Azure Multi-Factor Authentication, and all their individual devices are unavailable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-117">Users might be unable to complete Multi-Factor Authentication to activate a role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-117">Users might be unable to complete Multi-Factor Authentication to activate a role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-118">For example, a cell network outage is preventing them from answering phone calls or receiving text messages, the only two authentication mechanisms that they registered for their device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-118">For example, a cell network outage is preventing them from answering phone calls or receiving text messages, the only two authentication mechanisms that they registered for their device.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-119">The person with the most recent global administrative access has left the organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-119">The person with the most recent global administrative access has left the organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-120">Azure AD prevents the last *global administrator* account from being deleted, but it does not prevent the account from being deleted or disabled on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-120">Azure AD prevents the last *global administrator* account from being deleted, but it does not prevent the account from being deleted or disabled on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-121">Either situation might make the organization unable to recover the account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-121">Either situation might make the organization unable to recover the account.</span></span>

## <a name="initial-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="42f2f-122">Initial configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-122">Initial configuration</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-123">Create two or more emergency access accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-123">Create two or more emergency access accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-124">These should be cloud-only accounts that use the \*.onmicrosoft.com domain and that are not federated or synchronized from an on-premises environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-124">These should be cloud-only accounts that use the \*.onmicrosoft.com domain and that are not federated or synchronized from an on-premises environment.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-125">The accounts should not be associated with any individual user in the organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-125">The accounts should not be associated with any individual user in the organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-126">Organizations need to ensure that the credentials for these accounts are kept secure and known only to individuals who are authorized to use them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-126">Organizations need to ensure that the credentials for these accounts are kept secure and known only to individuals who are authorized to use them.</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-127">An account password for an emergency access account is usually separated into two or three parts, written on separate pieces of paper, and stored in secure, fireproof safes that are in secure, separate locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-127">An account password for an emergency access account is usually separated into two or three parts, written on separate pieces of paper, and stored in secure, fireproof safes that are in secure, separate locations.</span></span> 
>
> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-128">Make sure that your emergency access accounts are not connected with any employee-supplied mobile phones, hardware tokens that travel with individual employees, or other employee-specific credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-128">Make sure that your emergency access accounts are not connected with any employee-supplied mobile phones, hardware tokens that travel with individual employees, or other employee-specific credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-129">This precaution covers instances where an individual employee is unreachable when the credential is needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-129">This precaution covers instances where an individual employee is unreachable when the credential is needed.</span></span> 

### <a name="initial-configuration-with-permanent-assignments"></a><span data-ttu-id="42f2f-130">Initial configuration with permanent assignments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-130">Initial configuration with permanent assignments</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-131">One option is to make users permanent members of the *global administrator* role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-131">One option is to make users permanent members of the *global administrator* role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-132">This option would be appropriate for organizations that do not have Azure AD Premium P2 subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-132">This option would be appropriate for organizations that do not have Azure AD Premium P2 subscriptions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-133">To reduce the risk of an attack resulting from a compromised password, Azure AD recommends that you require Multi-Factor Authentication for all individual users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-133">To reduce the risk of an attack resulting from a compromised password, Azure AD recommends that you require Multi-Factor Authentication for all individual users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-134">This group should include administrators and all others (for example, financial officers) whose compromised account would have a significant impact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-134">This group should include administrators and all others (for example, financial officers) whose compromised account would have a significant impact.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-135">However, if your organization does not have shared devices, Multi-Factor Authentication might not be possible for these emergency access accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-135">However, if your organization does not have shared devices, Multi-Factor Authentication might not be possible for these emergency access accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-136">If you are configuring a conditional access policy to require [Multi-Factor Authentication registration for every admin](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-user-states) for Azure AD and other connected software as a service (SaaS) apps, you might need to configure policy exclusions to exclude emergency access accounts from this requirement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-136">If you are configuring a conditional access policy to require [Multi-Factor Authentication registration for every admin](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-user-states) for Azure AD and other connected software as a service (SaaS) apps, you might need to configure policy exclusions to exclude emergency access accounts from this requirement.</span></span>

### <a name="initial-configuration-with-approvals"></a><span data-ttu-id="42f2f-137">Initial configuration with approvals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-137">Initial configuration with approvals</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-138">Another option is to configure your users as eligible and approvers to activate the *global administrator* role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-138">Another option is to configure your users as eligible and approvers to activate the *global administrator* role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-139">This option would require your organization to have Azure AD Premium P2 subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-139">This option would require your organization to have Azure AD Premium P2 subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-140">It would also require a Multi-Factor Authentication option that's suitable for shared use among multiple individuals and the network environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-140">It would also require a Multi-Factor Authentication option that's suitable for shared use among multiple individuals and the network environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-141">These requirements are because activation of the *global administrator* role requires users to have previously performed Multi-Factor Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-141">These requirements are because activation of the *global administrator* role requires users to have previously performed Multi-Factor Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-142">For more information, see [How to require Multi-Factor Authentication in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-how-to-require-mfa).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-142">For more information, see [How to require Multi-Factor Authentication in Azure AD Privileged Identity Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-privileged-identity-management-how-to-require-mfa).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-143">We do not recommend using Multi-Factor Authentication that's associated with personal devices for emergency access accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-143">We do not recommend using Multi-Factor Authentication that's associated with personal devices for emergency access accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-144">In an actual emergency, the person who needs access to a Multi-Factor Authentication-registered device might not be the one who has the personal device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-144">In an actual emergency, the person who needs access to a Multi-Factor Authentication-registered device might not be the one who has the personal device.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-145">Also consider the threat landscape.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-145">Also consider the threat landscape.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-146">For example, an unforeseen circumstance such as a natural disaster emergency might arise, during which a mobile phone or other networks might be unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-146">For example, an unforeseen circumstance such as a natural disaster emergency might arise, during which a mobile phone or other networks might be unavailable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-147">It is important to ensure that any registered devices are kept in a known, secure location that has multiple means of communicating with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-147">It is important to ensure that any registered devices are kept in a known, secure location that has multiple means of communicating with Azure AD.</span></span>

## <a name="ongoing-monitoring"></a><span data-ttu-id="42f2f-148">Ongoing monitoring</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-148">Ongoing monitoring</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-149">Monitor the [Azure AD sign-in and audit logs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-reporting-activity-sign-ins) for any sign-ins and audit activity from the emergency-access accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-149">Monitor the [Azure AD sign-in and audit logs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-reporting-activity-sign-ins) for any sign-ins and audit activity from the emergency-access accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-150">Normally those accounts should not be signing in and should not be making changes, so use of them is likely to be anomalous and require security investigation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-150">Normally those accounts should not be signing in and should not be making changes, so use of them is likely to be anomalous and require security investigation.</span></span>

## <a name="account-check-validation-must-occur-at-regular-intervals"></a><span data-ttu-id="42f2f-151">Account-check validation must occur at regular intervals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-151">Account-check validation must occur at regular intervals</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-152">To validate the account, perform the following steps at minimum:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-152">To validate the account, perform the following steps at minimum:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-153">Every 90 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-153">Every 90 days.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-154">When there has been a recent change in IT staff, such as a job change, a departure, or a new hire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-154">When there has been a recent change in IT staff, such as a job change, a departure, or a new hire.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-155">When the Azure AD subscriptions in the organization have changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-155">When the Azure AD subscriptions in the organization have changed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="42f2f-156">To train staff members to use emergency access accounts, do the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-156">To train staff members to use emergency access accounts, do the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-157">Ensure that security-monitoring staff are aware that the account-check activity is ongoing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-157">Ensure that security-monitoring staff are aware that the account-check activity is ongoing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-158">Validate that the cloud user accounts can sign in and activate their roles, and that users who might need to perform these steps during an emergency are trained on the process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-158">Validate that the cloud user accounts can sign in and activate their roles, and that users who might need to perform these steps during an emergency are trained on the process.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-159">Ensure that they have not registered Multi-Factor Authentication or self-service password reset (SSPR) to any individual user’s device or personal details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-159">Ensure that they have not registered Multi-Factor Authentication or self-service password reset (SSPR) to any individual user’s device or personal details.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-160">If the accounts are registered for Multi-Factor Authentication to a device, for use during role activation, ensure that the device is accessible to all administrators who might need to use it during an emergency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-160">If the accounts are registered for Multi-Factor Authentication to a device, for use during role activation, ensure that the device is accessible to all administrators who might need to use it during an emergency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-161">Also verify that the device is registered through at least two mechanisms that do not share a common failure mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-161">Also verify that the device is registered through at least two mechanisms that do not share a common failure mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-162">For example, the device can communicate to the internet through both a facility's wireless network and a cell provider network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-162">For example, the device can communicate to the internet through both a facility's wireless network and a cell provider network.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-163">Update the account credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-163">Update the account credentials.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="42f2f-164">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-164">Next steps</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-165">[Add a cloud-based user](../fundamentals/add-users-azure-active-directory.md) and [assign the new user to the global administrator role](../fundamentals/active-directory-users-assign-role-azure-portal.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-165">[Add a cloud-based user](../fundamentals/add-users-azure-active-directory.md) and [assign the new user to the global administrator role](../fundamentals/active-directory-users-assign-role-azure-portal.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-166">[Sign up for Azure Active Directory Premium](../fundamentals/active-directory-get-started-premium.md), if you haven’t signed up already.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-166">[Sign up for Azure Active Directory Premium](../fundamentals/active-directory-get-started-premium.md), if you haven’t signed up already.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-167">[Require Azure Multi-Factor Authentication for individual users assigned as administrators](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-user-states).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-167">[Require Azure Multi-Factor Authentication for individual users assigned as administrators](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication-get-started-user-states).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-168">[Configure additional protections for global administrators in Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/Protect-your-Office-365-global-administrator-accounts-6b4ded77-ac8d-42ed-8606-c014fd947560), if you are using Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-168">[Configure additional protections for global administrators in Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/Protect-your-Office-365-global-administrator-accounts-6b4ded77-ac8d-42ed-8606-c014fd947560), if you are using Office 365.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="42f2f-169">[Perform an access review of global administrators](../privileged-identity-management/pim-how-to-start-security-review.md) and [transition existing global administrators to more specific administrator roles](directory-assign-admin-roles.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="42f2f-169">[Perform an access review of global administrators](../privileged-identity-management/pim-how-to-start-security-review.md) and [transition existing global administrators to more specific administrator roles](directory-assign-admin-roles.md).</span></span>


