---
title: Setting up self-service application access management in Azure Active Directory | Microsoft Docs
description: Create and manage security groups or Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory and request security group or Office 365 group memberships
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.component: users-groups-roles
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.date: 09/07/2017
ms.author: curtand
ms.reviewer: krbain
ms.custom: it-pro
ms.openlocfilehash: 8254f6c72141f7a9babfc5af3c319e7e66f30bbf
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44867652"
---
# <a name="set-up-azure-active-directory-for-self-service-group-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="82efb-103">Set up Azure Active Directory for self-service group management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-103">Set up Azure Active Directory for self-service group management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="82efb-104">Your users can create and manage their own security groups or Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-104">Your users can create and manage their own security groups or Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-105">Users can also request security group or Office 365 group memberships, and then the owner of the group can approve or deny membership.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-105">Users can also request security group or Office 365 group memberships, and then the owner of the group can approve or deny membership.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-106">Day-to-day control of group membership can be delegated to the people who understand the business context for that membership.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-106">Day-to-day control of group membership can be delegated to the people who understand the business context for that membership.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-107">Self-service group management features are available only for security groups and Office 365 groups, but not for mail-enabled security groups or distribution lists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-107">Self-service group management features are available only for security groups and Office 365 groups, but not for mail-enabled security groups or distribution lists.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="82efb-108">Self-service group management currently services two essential scenarios: delegated group management and self-service group management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-108">Self-service group management currently services two essential scenarios: delegated group management and self-service group management.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="82efb-109">**Delegated group management** An example is an administrator who is managing access to a SaaS application that the company is using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-109">**Delegated group management** An example is an administrator who is managing access to a SaaS application that the company is using.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-110">Managing these access rights is becoming cumbersome, so this administrator asks the business owner to create a new group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-110">Managing these access rights is becoming cumbersome, so this administrator asks the business owner to create a new group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-111">The administrator assigns access for the application to the new group, and adds to the group all people already accessing to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-111">The administrator assigns access for the application to the new group, and adds to the group all people already accessing to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-112">The business owner then can add more users, and those users are automatically provisioned to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-112">The business owner then can add more users, and those users are automatically provisioned to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-113">The business owner doesn't need to wait for the administrator to manage access for users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-113">The business owner doesn't need to wait for the administrator to manage access for users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-114">If the administrator grants the same permission to a manager in a different business group, then that person can also manage access for their own users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-114">If the administrator grants the same permission to a manager in a different business group, then that person can also manage access for their own users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-115">Neither the business owner nor the manager can view or manage each other’s users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-115">Neither the business owner nor the manager can view or manage each other’s users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-116">The administrator can still see all users who have access to the application and block access rights if needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-116">The administrator can still see all users who have access to the application and block access rights if needed.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="82efb-117">**Self-service group management** An example of this scenario is two users who both have SharePoint Online sites that they set up independently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-117">**Self-service group management** An example of this scenario is two users who both have SharePoint Online sites that they set up independently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-118">They want to give each other’s teams access to their sites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-118">They want to give each other’s teams access to their sites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-119">To accomplish this, they can create one group in Azure AD, and in SharePoint Online each of them selects that group to provide access to their sites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-119">To accomplish this, they can create one group in Azure AD, and in SharePoint Online each of them selects that group to provide access to their sites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-120">When someone wants access, they request it from the Access Panel, and after approval they get access to both SharePoint Online sites automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-120">When someone wants access, they request it from the Access Panel, and after approval they get access to both SharePoint Online sites automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-121">Later, one of them decides that all people accessing the site should also get access to a particular SaaS application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-121">Later, one of them decides that all people accessing the site should also get access to a particular SaaS application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-122">The administrator of the SaaS application can add access rights for the  application to the SharePoint Online site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-122">The administrator of the SaaS application can add access rights for the  application to the SharePoint Online site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-123">From then on, any requests that get approved gives access to the two SharePoint Online sites and also to this SaaS application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-123">From then on, any requests that get approved gives access to the two SharePoint Online sites and also to this SaaS application.</span></span>

## <a name="make-a-group-available-for-user-self-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="82efb-124">Make a group available for user self-service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-124">Make a group available for user self-service</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="82efb-125">Sign in to the [Azure AD admin center](https://aad.portal.azure.com) with an account that's a global admin for the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-125">Sign in to the [Azure AD admin center](https://aad.portal.azure.com) with an account that's a global admin for the directory.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="82efb-126">Select **Users and groups**, and then select **Group settings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-126">Select **Users and groups**, and then select **Group settings**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="82efb-127">Set **Self-service group management enabled** to **Yes**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-127">Set **Self-service group management enabled** to **Yes**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="82efb-128">Set **Users can create security groups** or **Users can create Office 365 groups** to **Yes**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-128">Set **Users can create security groups** or **Users can create Office 365 groups** to **Yes**.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="82efb-129">When these settings are enabled, all users in your directory are allowed to create new security groups and add members to these groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-129">When these settings are enabled, all users in your directory are allowed to create new security groups and add members to these groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-130">These new groups would also show up in the Access Panel for all other users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-130">These new groups would also show up in the Access Panel for all other users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-131">If the policy setting on the group allows it, other users can create requests to join these groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-131">If the policy setting on the group allows it, other users can create requests to join these groups.</span></span> 
  * <span data-ttu-id="82efb-132">When these settings are disabled, users can't create groups and can't change existing groups for which they are an owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-132">When these settings are disabled, users can't create groups and can't change existing groups for which they are an owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-133">However, they can still manage the memberships of those groups and approve requests from other users to join their groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-133">However, they can still manage the memberships of those groups and approve requests from other users to join their groups.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="82efb-134">You can also use **Users who can manage security groups** and **Users who can manage Office 365 groups** to achieve more granular access control over self-service group management for your users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-134">You can also use **Users who can manage security groups** and **Users who can manage Office 365 groups** to achieve more granular access control over self-service group management for your users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-135">When **Users can create groups** is enabled, all users in your tenant are allowed to create new groups and add members to these groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-135">When **Users can create groups** is enabled, all users in your tenant are allowed to create new groups and add members to these groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-136">By setting them to **Some**, you are restricting group management to only a limited group of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-136">By setting them to **Some**, you are restricting group management to only a limited group of users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-137">When this switch is set to **Some**, you must add users to the group SSGMSecurityGroupsUsers before they can create new groups and add members to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-137">When this switch is set to **Some**, you must add users to the group SSGMSecurityGroupsUsers before they can create new groups and add members to them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="82efb-138">By setting **Users who can use self-service for security groups** and **Users who can manage Office 365 groups** to **All**, you enable all users in your tenant to create new groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-138">By setting **Users who can use self-service for security groups** and **Users who can manage Office 365 groups** to **All**, you enable all users in your tenant to create new groups.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="82efb-139">You can also use **Group that can manage security groups** or **Group that can manage Office 365 groups** to specify a single group whose members can use self-service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-139">You can also use **Group that can manage security groups** or **Group that can manage Office 365 groups** to specify a single group whose members can use self-service.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="82efb-140">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-140">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="82efb-141">These articles provide additional information on Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-141">These articles provide additional information on Azure Active Directory.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="82efb-142">Manage access to resources with Azure Active Directory groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-142">Manage access to resources with Azure Active Directory groups</span></span>](../fundamentals/active-directory-manage-groups.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="82efb-143">Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-143">Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings</span></span>](groups-settings-cmdlets.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="82efb-144">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-144">Article Index for Application Management in Azure Active Directory</span></span>](../active-directory-apps-index.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="82efb-145">What is Azure Active Directory?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-145">What is Azure Active Directory?</span></span>](../fundamentals/active-directory-whatis.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="82efb-146">Integrate your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="82efb-146">Integrate your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory</span></span>](../connect/active-directory-aadconnect.md)
