---
title: Group name policy settings for Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (preview) | Microsoft Docs
description: How to set up expiration for Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (preview)
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.component: users-groups-roles
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 05/21/2018
ms.author: curtand
ms.reviewer: krbain
ms.custom: it-pro
ms.openlocfilehash: 111be7d3ee00f2b40ace3bfe4efdacc5029ccf77
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44868549"
---
# <a name="enforce-a-naming-policy-for-office-365-groups-in-azure-active-directory-preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-103">Enforce a naming policy for Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (preview)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-103">Enforce a naming policy for Office 365 groups in Azure Active Directory (preview)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-104">To enforce consistent naming conventions for Office 365 groups created or edited by your users, set up a group naming policy for your tenants in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-104">To enforce consistent naming conventions for Office 365 groups created or edited by your users, set up a group naming policy for your tenants in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-105">For example, you could use the naming policy to communicate the function of a group, membership, geographic region, or who created the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-105">For example, you could use the naming policy to communicate the function of a group, membership, geographic region, or who created the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-106">You could also use the naming policy to help categorize groups in the address book.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-106">You could also use the naming policy to help categorize groups in the address book.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-107">You can use the policy to block specific words from being used in group names and aliases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-107">You can use the policy to block specific words from being used in group names and aliases.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-108">Using the Office 365 Groups Naming Policy preview requires Azure Active Directory Premium P1 licenses or Azure AD Basic EDU licenses for each unique user that is a member of one or more Office 365 groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-108">Using the Office 365 Groups Naming Policy preview requires Azure Active Directory Premium P1 licenses or Azure AD Basic EDU licenses for each unique user that is a member of one or more Office 365 groups.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-109">The naming policy is applied to creating or editing groups created across workloads (for example, Outlook, Microsoft Teams, SharePoint, Exchange, or Planner).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-109">The naming policy is applied to creating or editing groups created across workloads (for example, Outlook, Microsoft Teams, SharePoint, Exchange, or Planner).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-110">It is applied to both the group name and group alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-110">It is applied to both the group name and group alias.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-111">If you set up your naming policy In Azure AD and you have an existing Exchange group naming policy, the Azure AD naming policy is applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-111">If you set up your naming policy In Azure AD and you have an existing Exchange group naming policy, the Azure AD naming policy is applied.</span></span>

## <a name="naming-policy-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-112">Naming policy features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-112">Naming policy features</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-113">You can enforce naming policy for Office 365 groups in two different ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-113">You can enforce naming policy for Office 365 groups in two different ways:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="88d33-114">**Prefix-suffix naming policy** You can define prefixes or suffixes that are then added automatically to enforce a naming convention on your groups (for example, in the group name “GRP\_JAPAN\_My Group\_Engineering”, GRP\_JAPAN\_ is the prefix, and \_Engineering is the suffix).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-114">**Prefix-suffix naming policy** You can define prefixes or suffixes that are then added automatically to enforce a naming convention on your groups (for example, in the group name “GRP\_JAPAN\_My Group\_Engineering”, GRP\_JAPAN\_ is the prefix, and \_Engineering is the suffix).</span></span> 

-   <span data-ttu-id="88d33-115">**Custom blocked words** You can upload a set of blocked words specific to your organization to be blocked in groups created by users (for example, “CEO, Payroll, HR”).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-115">**Custom blocked words** You can upload a set of blocked words specific to your organization to be blocked in groups created by users (for example, “CEO, Payroll, HR”).</span></span>

### <a name="prefix-suffix-naming-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-116">Prefix-suffix naming policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-116">Prefix-suffix naming policy</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-117">The general structure of the naming convention is ‘Prefix[GroupName]Suffix’.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-117">The general structure of the naming convention is ‘Prefix[GroupName]Suffix’.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-118">While you can define multiple prefixes and suffixes, you can only have one instance of the [GroupName] in the setting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-118">While you can define multiple prefixes and suffixes, you can only have one instance of the [GroupName] in the setting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-119">The prefixes or suffixes can be either fixed strings or user attributes such as \[Department\] that are substituted based on the user who is creating the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-119">The prefixes or suffixes can be either fixed strings or user attributes such as \[Department\] that are substituted based on the user who is creating the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-120">The total allowable number of characters for your prefix and suffix strings combined is 53 characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-120">The total allowable number of characters for your prefix and suffix strings combined is 53 characters.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-121">Prefixes and suffixes can contain special characters that are supported in group name and group alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-121">Prefixes and suffixes can contain special characters that are supported in group name and group alias.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-122">Any characters in the prefix or suffix that are not supported in the group alias are still applied in the group name, but removed from the group alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-122">Any characters in the prefix or suffix that are not supported in the group alias are still applied in the group name, but removed from the group alias.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-123">Because of this restriction, the prefixes and suffixes applied to the group name might be different from the ones applied to the group alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-123">Because of this restriction, the prefixes and suffixes applied to the group name might be different from the ones applied to the group alias.</span></span> 

#### <a name="fixed-strings"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-124">Fixed strings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-124">Fixed strings</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-125">You can use strings to make it easier to scan and differentiate groups in the global address list and in the left navigation links of group workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-125">You can use strings to make it easier to scan and differentiate groups in the global address list and in the left navigation links of group workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-126">Some of the common prefixes are keywords like ‘Grp\_Name’ , ‘\#Name’, ‘\_Name’</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-126">Some of the common prefixes are keywords like ‘Grp\_Name’ , ‘\#Name’, ‘\_Name’</span></span>

#### <a name="user-attributes"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-127">User attributes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-127">User attributes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-128">You can use attributes that can help you and your users identify which department, office or geographic region for which the group was created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-128">You can use attributes that can help you and your users identify which department, office or geographic region for which the group was created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-129">For example, if you define your naming policy as `PrefixSuffixNamingRequirement = “GRP [GroupName] [Department]”`, and `User’s department = Engineering`, then an enforced group name might be “GRP My Group Engineering."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-129">For example, if you define your naming policy as `PrefixSuffixNamingRequirement = “GRP [GroupName] [Department]”`, and `User’s department = Engineering`, then an enforced group name might be “GRP My Group Engineering."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-130">Supported Azure AD attributes are \[Department\], \[Company\], \[Office\], \[StateOrProvince\], \[CountryOrRegion\], \[Title\].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-130">Supported Azure AD attributes are \[Department\], \[Company\], \[Office\], \[StateOrProvince\], \[CountryOrRegion\], \[Title\].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-131">Unsupported user attributes are treated as fixed strings; for example, “\[postalCode\]”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-131">Unsupported user attributes are treated as fixed strings; for example, “\[postalCode\]”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-132">Extension attributes and custom attributes aren't supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-132">Extension attributes and custom attributes aren't supported.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-133">We recommend that you use attributes that have values filled in for all users in your organization and don't use attributes that have long values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-133">We recommend that you use attributes that have values filled in for all users in your organization and don't use attributes that have long values.</span></span>

### <a name="custom-blocked-words"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-134">Custom blocked words</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-134">Custom blocked words</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-135">A blocked word list is a comma-separated list of phrases to be blocked in group names and aliases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-135">A blocked word list is a comma-separated list of phrases to be blocked in group names and aliases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-136">No sub-string searches are performed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-136">No sub-string searches are performed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-137">An exact match between the group name and one or more of the custom blocked words is required to trigger a failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-137">An exact match between the group name and one or more of the custom blocked words is required to trigger a failure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-138">Sub-string search isn't performed so that users can use common words like ‘Class’ even if ‘lass’ is a blocked word.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-138">Sub-string search isn't performed so that users can use common words like ‘Class’ even if ‘lass’ is a blocked word.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-139">Blocked word list rules:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-139">Blocked word list rules:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-140">Blocked words are not case sensitive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-140">Blocked words are not case sensitive.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-141">When a user enters a blocked word as part of a group name, they see an error message with the blocked word.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-141">When a user enters a blocked word as part of a group name, they see an error message with the blocked word.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-142">There are no character restrictions on blocked words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-142">There are no character restrictions on blocked words.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-143">There is an upper limit of 5000 phrases that can be configured in the blocked words list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-143">There is an upper limit of 5000 phrases that can be configured in the blocked words list.</span></span> 

### <a name="administrator-override"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-144">Administrator override</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-144">Administrator override</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-145">Selected administrators can be exempted from these policies, across all group workloads and endpoints, so that they can create groups using blocked words and with their own naming conventions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-145">Selected administrators can be exempted from these policies, across all group workloads and endpoints, so that they can create groups using blocked words and with their own naming conventions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-146">The following are the list of administrator roles exempted from the group naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-146">The following are the list of administrator roles exempted from the group naming policy.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-147">Global administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-147">Global administrator</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-148">Partner Tier 1 Support</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-148">Partner Tier 1 Support</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-149">Partner Tier 2 Support</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-149">Partner Tier 2 Support</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-150">User account administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-150">User account administrator</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="88d33-151">Directory writers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-151">Directory writers</span></span>

## <a name="install-powershell-cmdlets-to-configure-a-naming-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-152">Install PowerShell cmdlets to configure a naming policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-152">Install PowerShell cmdlets to configure a naming policy</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-153">Be sure to uninstall any older version of the Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph Module for Windows PowerShell and install [Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph - Public Preview Release 2.0.0.137](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/AzureADPreview/2.0.0.137) before you run the PowerShell commands.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-153">Be sure to uninstall any older version of the Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph Module for Windows PowerShell and install [Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph - Public Preview Release 2.0.0.137](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/AzureADPreview/2.0.0.137) before you run the PowerShell commands.</span></span> 

1. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-154">Open the Windows PowerShell app as an administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-154">Open the Windows PowerShell app as an administrator.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-155">Uninstall any previous version of AzureADPreview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-155">Uninstall any previous version of AzureADPreview.</span></span>
  
  ````
  Uninstall-Module AzureADPreview
  ````
3. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-156">Install the latest version of AzureADPreview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-156">Install the latest version of AzureADPreview.</span></span>
  
  ````
  Install-Module AzureADPreview
  ````
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-157">If you are prompted about accessing an untrusted repository, type **Y**. It might take few minutes for the new module to install.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-157">If you are prompted about accessing an untrusted repository, type **Y**. It might take few minutes for the new module to install.</span></span>

## <a name="configure-the-group-naming-policy-for-a-tenant-using-azure-ad-powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-158">Configure the group naming policy for a tenant using Azure AD PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-158">Configure the group naming policy for a tenant using Azure AD PowerShell</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-159">Open a Windows PowerShell window on your computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-159">Open a Windows PowerShell window on your computer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-160">You can open it without elevated privileges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-160">You can open it without elevated privileges.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-161">Run the following commands to prepare to run the cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-161">Run the following commands to prepare to run the cmdlets.</span></span>
  
  ````
  Import-Module AzureADPreview
  Connect-AzureAD
  ````
  <span data-ttu-id="88d33-162">In the **Sign in to your Account** screen that opens, enter your admin account and password to connect you to your service, and select **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-162">In the **Sign in to your Account** screen that opens, enter your admin account and password to connect you to your service, and select **Sign in**.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-163">Follow the steps in [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](groups-settings-cmdlets.md) to create group settings for this tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-163">Follow the steps in [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](groups-settings-cmdlets.md) to create group settings for this tenant.</span></span>

### <a name="view-the-current-settings"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-164">View the current settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-164">View the current settings</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-165">Fetch the current naming policy to view the current settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-165">Fetch the current naming policy to view the current settings.</span></span>
  
  ````
  $Setting = Get-AzureADDirectorySetting -Id (Get-AzureADDirectorySetting | where -Property DisplayName -Value "Group.Unified" -EQ).id
  ````
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-166">Display the current group settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-166">Display the current group settings.</span></span>
  
  ````
  $Setting.Values
  ````
  
### <a name="set-the-naming-policy-and-custom-blocked-words"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-167">Set the naming policy and custom blocked words</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-167">Set the naming policy and custom blocked words</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-168">Set the group name prefixes and suffixes in Azure AD PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-168">Set the group name prefixes and suffixes in Azure AD PowerShell.</span></span>
  
  ````
  $Setting["PrefixSuffixNamingRequirement"] =“GRP_[GroupName]_[Department]"
  ````
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-169">Set the custom blocked words that you want to restrict.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-169">Set the custom blocked words that you want to restrict.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-170">The following example illustrates how you can add your own custom words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-170">The following example illustrates how you can add your own custom words.</span></span>
  
  ````
  $Setting["CustomBlockedWordsList"]=“Payroll,CEO,HR"
  ````
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="88d33-171">Save the settings for the new policy to be effective, such as in the following example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-171">Save the settings for the new policy to be effective, such as in the following example.</span></span>
  
  ````
  Set-AzureADDirectorySetting -Id (Get-AzureADDirectorySetting | where -Property DisplayName -Value "Group.Unified" -EQ).id -DirectorySetting $Setting
  ````
  
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-172">That's it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-172">That's it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-173">You've set your naming policy and added your blocked words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-173">You've set your naming policy and added your blocked words.</span></span>

## <a name="export-or-import-the-list-of-custom-blocked-words"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-174">Export or import the list of custom blocked words</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-174">Export or import the list of custom blocked words</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-175">For more information, see the article [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](groups-settings-cmdlets.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-175">For more information, see the article [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](groups-settings-cmdlets.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-176">Here is an example of a PowerShell script to export multiple blocked words:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-176">Here is an example of a PowerShell script to export multiple blocked words:</span></span>

````
$Words = (Get-AzureADDirectorySetting).Values | Where-Object -Property Name -Value CustomBlockedWordsList -EQ 
Add-Content "c:\work\currentblockedwordslist.txt" -Value $words.value.Split(",").Replace("`"","")  
````

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-177">Here is an example PowerShell script to import multiple blocked words:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-177">Here is an example PowerShell script to import multiple blocked words:</span></span>

````
$BadWords = Get-Content "C:\work\currentblockedwordslist.txt"
$BadWords = [string]::join(",", $BadWords)
$Settings = Get-AzureADDirectorySetting | Where-Object {$_.DisplayName -eq "Group.Unified"}
if ($Settings.Count -eq 0)
    {$Template = Get-AzureADDirectorySettingTemplate | Where-Object {$_.DisplayName -eq "Group.Unified"}
    $Settings = $Template.CreateDirectorySetting()
    New-AzureADDirectorySetting -DirectorySetting $Settings
    $Settings = Get-AzureADDirectorySetting | Where-Object {$_.DisplayName -eq "Group.Unified"}}
$Settings["CustomBlockedWordsList"] = $BadWords
$Settings["EnableMSStandardBlockedWords"] = $True
Set-AzureADDirectorySetting -Id $Settings.Id -DirectorySetting $Settings 
````

## <a name="naming-policy-experiences-across-office-365-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-178">Naming policy experiences across Office 365 apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-178">Naming policy experiences across Office 365 apps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-179">After you set a group naming policy in Azure AD, when a user creates a group in an Office 365 app, they see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-179">After you set a group naming policy in Azure AD, when a user creates a group in an Office 365 app, they see:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="88d33-180">A preview of the name according to your naming policy (with prefixes and suffixes) as soon as the user types in the group name</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-180">A preview of the name according to your naming policy (with prefixes and suffixes) as soon as the user types in the group name</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="88d33-181">If the user enters blocked words, they'll see an error message so they can remove the blocked words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-181">If the user enters blocked words, they'll see an error message so they can remove the blocked words.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d33-182">Workload</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-182">Workload</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-183">Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-183">Compliance</span></span>
----------- | -------------------------------
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-184">Azure Active Directory portals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-184">Azure Active Directory portals</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-185">The Azure AD portal and the Access Panel portal show the naming policy enforced name when the user types in a group name when creating or editing a group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-185">The Azure AD portal and the Access Panel portal show the naming policy enforced name when the user types in a group name when creating or editing a group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-186">When a user enters a custom blocked word, an error message with the blocked word is displayed so that the user can remove it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-186">When a user enters a custom blocked word, an error message with the blocked word is displayed so that the user can remove it.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-187">Outlook Web Access (OWA)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-187">Outlook Web Access (OWA)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-188">Outlook Web Access shows the naming policy enforced name when the user types a group name or group alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-188">Outlook Web Access shows the naming policy enforced name when the user types a group name or group alias.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-189">When an user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown in the UI along with the blocked word so that the user can remove it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-189">When an user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown in the UI along with the blocked word so that the user can remove it.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-190">Outlook Desktop</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-190">Outlook Desktop</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-191">Groups created in Outlook desktop are compliant with the naming policy settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-191">Groups created in Outlook desktop are compliant with the naming policy settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-192">Outlook desktop app doesn't yet show the preview of the enforced group name and doesn't return the custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-192">Outlook desktop app doesn't yet show the preview of the enforced group name and doesn't return the custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-193">However, the naming policy is automatically applied when creating or editing a group, and users see error messages if there are custom blocked words in the group name or alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-193">However, the naming policy is automatically applied when creating or editing a group, and users see error messages if there are custom blocked words in the group name or alias.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-194">Microsoft Teams</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-194">Microsoft Teams</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-195">Microsoft Teams shows the group naming policy enforced name when the user enters a team name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-195">Microsoft Teams shows the group naming policy enforced name when the user enters a team name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-196">When a user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown along with the blocked word so that the user can remove it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-196">When a user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown along with the blocked word so that the user can remove it.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-197">SharePoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-197">SharePoint</span></span>  |  <span data-ttu-id="88d33-198">SharePoint shows the naming policy enforced name when the user types a site name or group email address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-198">SharePoint shows the naming policy enforced name when the user types a site name or group email address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-199">When an user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown, along with the blocked word so that the user can remove it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-199">When an user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown, along with the blocked word so that the user can remove it.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-200">Microsoft Stream</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-200">Microsoft Stream</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-201">Microsoft Stream shows the group naming policy enforced name when the user types a group name or group email alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-201">Microsoft Stream shows the group naming policy enforced name when the user types a group name or group email alias.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-202">When an user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown with the blocked word so the user can remove it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-202">When an user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown with the blocked word so the user can remove it.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-203">Outlook iOS and Android App</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-203">Outlook iOS and Android App</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-204">Groups created in Outlook apps are compliant with the configured naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-204">Groups created in Outlook apps are compliant with the configured naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-205">Outlook mobile app doesn't yet show the preview of the naming policy enforced name, and doesn't return custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-205">Outlook mobile app doesn't yet show the preview of the naming policy enforced name, and doesn't return custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-206">However, the naming policy is automatically applied on clicking create/edit and users see error messages if there are custom blocked words in the group name or alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-206">However, the naming policy is automatically applied on clicking create/edit and users see error messages if there are custom blocked words in the group name or alias.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-207">Groups mobile app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-207">Groups mobile app</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-208">Groups created in the Groups mobile app are compliant with the naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-208">Groups created in the Groups mobile app are compliant with the naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-209">Groups mobile app does not show the preview of the naming policy and does not return custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-209">Groups mobile app does not show the preview of the naming policy and does not return custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-210">But the naming policy is automatically applied when creating or editing a group and users is presented with appropriate errors if there are custom blocked words in the group name or alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-210">But the naming policy is automatically applied when creating or editing a group and users is presented with appropriate errors if there are custom blocked words in the group name or alias.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-211">Planner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-211">Planner</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-212">Planner is compliant with the naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-212">Planner is compliant with the naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-213">Planner shows the naming policy preview when entering the plan name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-213">Planner shows the naming policy preview when entering the plan name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-214">When a user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown when creating the plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-214">When a user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown when creating the plan.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-215">Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-215">Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-216">Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement is compliant with the naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-216">Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement is compliant with the naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-217">Dynamics 365 shows the naming policy enforced name when the user types a group name or group email alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-217">Dynamics 365 shows the naming policy enforced name when the user types a group name or group email alias.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-218">When the user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown with the blocked word so the user can remove it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-218">When the user enters a custom blocked word, an error message is shown with the blocked word so the user can remove it.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-219">School Data Sync (SDS)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-219">School Data Sync (SDS)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-220">Groups created through SDS comply with naming policy, but the naming policy isn't applied automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-220">Groups created through SDS comply with naming policy, but the naming policy isn't applied automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-221">SDS administrators have to append the prefixes and suffixes to class names for which groups need to be created and then uploaded to SDS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-221">SDS administrators have to append the prefixes and suffixes to class names for which groups need to be created and then uploaded to SDS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-222">Group create or edit would fail otherwise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-222">Group create or edit would fail otherwise.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-223">Outlook Customer Manager (OCM)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-223">Outlook Customer Manager (OCM)</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-224">Outlook Customer Manager is compliant with the naming policy, which is automatically applied to the group created in Outlook Customer Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-224">Outlook Customer Manager is compliant with the naming policy, which is automatically applied to the group created in Outlook Customer Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-225">If a custom blocked word is detected, group creation in OCM is blocked, and the user is blocked from using the OCM app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-225">If a custom blocked word is detected, group creation in OCM is blocked, and the user is blocked from using the OCM app.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-226">Classroom app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-226">Classroom app</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-227">Groups created in Classroom app comply with the naming policy, but the naming policy isn't applied automatically, and the naming policy preview isn't shown to the users while entering a classroom group name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-227">Groups created in Classroom app comply with the naming policy, but the naming policy isn't applied automatically, and the naming policy preview isn't shown to the users while entering a classroom group name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-228">Users must enter the enforced classroom group name with prefixes and suffixes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-228">Users must enter the enforced classroom group name with prefixes and suffixes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-229">If not, the classroom group create or edit operation fails with errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-229">If not, the classroom group create or edit operation fails with errors.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-230">Power BI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-230">Power BI</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-231">Power BI workspaces are compliant with the naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-231">Power BI workspaces are compliant with the naming policy.</span></span>    
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-232">Yammer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-232">Yammer</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-233">When a user signed in to Yammer with their Azure Active Directory account creates a group or edits a group name, the group name will comply with naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-233">When a user signed in to Yammer with their Azure Active Directory account creates a group or edits a group name, the group name will comply with naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-234">This applies both to Office 365 connected groups and all other Yammer groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-234">This applies both to Office 365 connected groups and all other Yammer groups.</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="88d33-235">If an Office 365 connected group was created before the naming policy is in place, the group name will not automatically follow the naming policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-235">If an Office 365 connected group was created before the naming policy is in place, the group name will not automatically follow the naming policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-236">When a user edits the group name, they will be prompted to add the prefix and suffix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-236">When a user edits the group name, they will be prompted to add the prefix and suffix.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-237">StaffHub</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-237">StaffHub</span></span>  | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-238">StaffHub teams do not follow the naming policy, but the underlying Office 365 group does.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-238">StaffHub teams do not follow the naming policy, but the underlying Office 365 group does.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-239">StaffHub team name does not apply the prefixes and suffixes and does not check for custom blocked words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-239">StaffHub team name does not apply the prefixes and suffixes and does not check for custom blocked words.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-240">But StaffHub does apply the prefixes and suffixes and removes blocked words from the underlying Office 365 group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-240">But StaffHub does apply the prefixes and suffixes and removes blocked words from the underlying Office 365 group.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-241">Exchange PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-241">Exchange PowerShell</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-242">Exchange PowerShell cmdlets are compliant with the naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-242">Exchange PowerShell cmdlets are compliant with the naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-243">Users receive appropriate error messages with suggested prefixes and suffixes and for custom blocked words if they don't follow the naming policy in the group name and group alias (mailNickname).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-243">Users receive appropriate error messages with suggested prefixes and suffixes and for custom blocked words if they don't follow the naming policy in the group name and group alias (mailNickname).</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-244">Azure Active Directory PowerShell cmdlets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-244">Azure Active Directory PowerShell cmdlets</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-245">Azure Active Directory PowerShell cmdlets are compliant with naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-245">Azure Active Directory PowerShell cmdlets are compliant with naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-246">Users receive appropriate error messages with suggested prefixes and suffixes and for custom blocked words if they don't follow the naming convention in group names and group alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-246">Users receive appropriate error messages with suggested prefixes and suffixes and for custom blocked words if they don't follow the naming convention in group names and group alias.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-247">Exchange admin center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-247">Exchange admin center</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-248">Exchange admin center is compliant with naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-248">Exchange admin center is compliant with naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-249">Users receive appropriate error messages with suggested prefixes and suffixes and for custom blocked words if they don't follow the naming convention in the group name and group alias.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-249">Users receive appropriate error messages with suggested prefixes and suffixes and for custom blocked words if they don't follow the naming convention in the group name and group alias.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-250">Office 365 admin center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-250">Office 365 admin center</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="88d33-251">Office 365 Admin center is compliant with naming policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-251">Office 365 Admin center is compliant with naming policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-252">When a user creates or edits group names, the naming policy is automatically applied, and users receive appropriate errors when they enter custom blocked words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-252">When a user creates or edits group names, the naming policy is automatically applied, and users receive appropriate errors when they enter custom blocked words.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d33-253">The Office 365 Admin center doesn't yet show a preview of the naming policy and doesn't return custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-253">The Office 365 Admin center doesn't yet show a preview of the naming policy and doesn't return custom blocked word errors when the user enters the group name.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d33-254">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-254">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d33-255">These articles provide additional information on Azure AD groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-255">These articles provide additional information on Azure AD groups.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="88d33-256">See existing groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-256">See existing groups</span></span>](../fundamentals/active-directory-groups-view-azure-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="88d33-257">Expiration policy for Office 365 groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-257">Expiration policy for Office 365 groups</span></span>](groups-lifecycle.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="88d33-258">Manage settings of a group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-258">Manage settings of a group</span></span>](../fundamentals/active-directory-groups-settings-azure-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="88d33-259">Manage members of a group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-259">Manage members of a group</span></span>](../fundamentals/active-directory-groups-members-azure-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="88d33-260">Manage memberships of a group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-260">Manage memberships of a group</span></span>](../fundamentals/active-directory-groups-membership-azure-portal.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="88d33-261">Manage dynamic rules for users in a group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d33-261">Manage dynamic rules for users in a group</span></span>](groups-dynamic-membership.md)
