---
title: Delegate administrator roles in Azure Active Directory | Microsoft Docs
description: Delegation models, examples, and role security in Azure Active Directory
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: curtand
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.component: users-groups-roles
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 08/09/2018
ms.author: curtand
ms.reviewer: vincesm
ms.custom: it-pro
ms.openlocfilehash: ad772a2e0c036c30aca2918496ac01f31157fc64
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44867326"
---
# <a name="delegate-administration-in-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-103">Delegate administration in Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-103">Delegate administration in Azure Active Directory</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-104">With organizational growth comes further complexity, and one common response is to reduce some of the overhead of access management with Azure Active Directory (AD) admin roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-104">With organizational growth comes further complexity, and one common response is to reduce some of the overhead of access management with Azure Active Directory (AD) admin roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-105">You can assign the least possible privilege to users to access their apps and perform their tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-105">You can assign the least possible privilege to users to access their apps and perform their tasks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-106">You might not want to assign the Global Administrator role to every application owner, but the tradeoff can be that you force application management responsibilities onto the existing Global Administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-106">You might not want to assign the Global Administrator role to every application owner, but the tradeoff can be that you force application management responsibilities onto the existing Global Administrators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-107">There are many reasons for an organization move toward a more decentralized administration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-107">There are many reasons for an organization move toward a more decentralized administration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-108">This article can help you plan for delegation in your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-108">This article can help you plan for delegation in your organization.</span></span>

<!--What about reporting? Who has which role and how do I audit?-->


## <a name="centralized-versus-delegated-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-109">Centralized versus delegated permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-109">Centralized versus delegated permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-110">As an organization grows, it can be difficult to keep track of which users have specific admin roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-110">As an organization grows, it can be difficult to keep track of which users have specific admin roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-111">An organization can be susceptible to security breaches if an employee has administrator rights they shouldn’t.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-111">An organization can be susceptible to security breaches if an employee has administrator rights they shouldn’t.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-112">Generally, the number of administrators and the granularity of their permissions depends on the size and complexity of the deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-112">Generally, the number of administrators and the granularity of their permissions depends on the size and complexity of the deployment.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-113">In small or proof-of-concept deployments, one or a few administrators do everything; there is no delegation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-113">In small or proof-of-concept deployments, one or a few administrators do everything; there is no delegation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-114">In this case, create each administrator with the Global Administrator role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-114">In this case, create each administrator with the Global Administrator role.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-115">In larger deployments with more machines, applications, and desktops, more delegation is needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-115">In larger deployments with more machines, applications, and desktops, more delegation is needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-116">Several administrators might have more specific functional responsibilities (roles).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-116">Several administrators might have more specific functional responsibilities (roles).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-117">For example, some might be Privileged Identity Administrators, and others might be Application Administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-117">For example, some might be Privileged Identity Administrators, and others might be Application Administrators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-118">Additionally, an administrator might manage only certain groups of objects such as devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-118">Additionally, an administrator might manage only certain groups of objects such as devices.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-119">Even larger deployments might require even more granular permissions, plus possibly administrators with unconventional or hybrid roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-119">Even larger deployments might require even more granular permissions, plus possibly administrators with unconventional or hybrid roles.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-120">In the Azure AD portal, you can [view all the members of any role](directory-manage-roles-portal.md), which can help you quickly check your deployment and delegate permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-120">In the Azure AD portal, you can [view all the members of any role](directory-manage-roles-portal.md), which can help you quickly check your deployment and delegate permissions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-121">If you’re interested in delegating access to Azure resources and not administrative access in Azure AD, see [Assign a Role-based access control (RBAC) role](../../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-121">If you’re interested in delegating access to Azure resources and not administrative access in Azure AD, see [Assign a Role-based access control (RBAC) role](../../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md).</span></span>

## <a name="delegation-planning"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-122">Delegation planning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-122">Delegation planning</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-123">While the hurdle is to develop a delegation model that fits the unique needs of your organization, the truth is that there are very simple models that can be applied with little modification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-123">While the hurdle is to develop a delegation model that fits the unique needs of your organization, the truth is that there are very simple models that can be applied with little modification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-124">Developing a delegation model is an iterative design process, and we suggest you follow these steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-124">Developing a delegation model is an iterative design process, and we suggest you follow these steps:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-125">Define the roles you need</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-125">Define the roles you need</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-126">Delegate app administration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-126">Delegate app administration</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-127">Grant the ability to register applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-127">Grant the ability to register applications</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-128">Delegate app ownership</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-128">Delegate app ownership</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-129">Develop a security plan</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-129">Develop a security plan</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-130">Establish emergency accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-130">Establish emergency accounts</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-131">Secure your administrator roles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-131">Secure your administrator roles</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-132">Make privileged elevation temporary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-132">Make privileged elevation temporary</span></span>

## <a name="define-roles"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-133">Define roles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-133">Define roles</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-134">Determine which Active Directory tasks are carried out by administrators and how those tasks are mapped to roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-134">Determine which Active Directory tasks are carried out by administrators and how those tasks are mapped to roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-135">For example, Active Directory site creation is a service administration task, while modification of security group membership generally falls under data administration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-135">For example, Active Directory site creation is a service administration task, while modification of security group membership generally falls under data administration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-136">You can [view detailed role descriptions](directory-manage-roles-portal.md) in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-136">You can [view detailed role descriptions](directory-manage-roles-portal.md) in the Azure portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-137">Each task should be evaluated for frequency, importance, and difficulty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-137">Each task should be evaluated for frequency, importance, and difficulty.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-138">These are vital aspects of task definition because they govern whether a permission should be delegated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-138">These are vital aspects of task definition because they govern whether a permission should be delegated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-139">Tasks that are performed routinely, have limited risk, and are trivial to complete are excellent candidates for delegation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-139">Tasks that are performed routinely, have limited risk, and are trivial to complete are excellent candidates for delegation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-140">On the other hand, tasks that are performed rarely but have great impact across the organization and require high skill levels should be considered very carefully before delegating.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-140">On the other hand, tasks that are performed rarely but have great impact across the organization and require high skill levels should be considered very carefully before delegating.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-141">Instead, you can [temporarily elevate an account to the required role](../active-directory-privileged-identity-management-configure.md) or reassign the task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-141">Instead, you can [temporarily elevate an account to the required role](../active-directory-privileged-identity-management-configure.md) or reassign the task.</span></span>

## <a name="delegate-app-administration"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-142">Delegate app administration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-142">Delegate app administration</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-143">The proliferation of apps within your organization can strain your delegation model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-143">The proliferation of apps within your organization can strain your delegation model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-144">If it places the burden for application access management on the Global Administrator, it's likely that model increases its overhead as time goes on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-144">If it places the burden for application access management on the Global Administrator, it's likely that model increases its overhead as time goes on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-145">If you have granted people the Global Administrator role for things like configuring enterprise applications, you can now offload them to the following less-privileged roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-145">If you have granted people the Global Administrator role for things like configuring enterprise applications, you can now offload them to the following less-privileged roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-146">Doing so helps to improve your security posture and reduces the potential for unfortunate mistakes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-146">Doing so helps to improve your security posture and reduces the potential for unfortunate mistakes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-147">The most-privileged application administrator roles are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-147">The most-privileged application administrator roles are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-148">The **Application Administrator** role, which grants the ability to manage all applications in the directory, including registrations, single sign-on settings, user and group assignments and licensing, Application Proxy settings, and consent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-148">The **Application Administrator** role, which grants the ability to manage all applications in the directory, including registrations, single sign-on settings, user and group assignments and licensing, Application Proxy settings, and consent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-149">It does not grant the ability to manage Conditional Access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-149">It does not grant the ability to manage Conditional Access.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-150">The **Cloud Application Administrator** role, which grants all the abilities of the Application Administrator, except it does not grant access to Application Proxy settings (because it has no on-premises permission).### Delegate app owner permissions per-app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-150">The **Cloud Application Administrator** role, which grants all the abilities of the Application Administrator, except it does not grant access to Application Proxy settings (because it has no on-premises permission).### Delegate app owner permissions per-app</span></span>

## <a name="delegate-app-registration"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-151">Delegate app registration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-151">Delegate app registration</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-152">By default, all users can create application registrations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-152">By default, all users can create application registrations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-153">If you want to selectively grant the ability to create application registrations, you’ll have to set **Users can register applications** to No in User settings, and then assign the Application Developer role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-153">If you want to selectively grant the ability to create application registrations, you’ll have to set **Users can register applications** to No in User settings, and then assign the Application Developer role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-154">This role grants the ability to create application registrations only when the **Users can register applications** is turned off.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-154">This role grants the ability to create application registrations only when the **Users can register applications** is turned off.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-155">Application Developers can also consent for themselves when the **Users can consent to applications accessing company data on their behalf** is set to No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-155">Application Developers can also consent for themselves when the **Users can consent to applications accessing company data on their behalf** is set to No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-156">When an Application Developer creates a new application registration, they are automatically added as the first owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-156">When an Application Developer creates a new application registration, they are automatically added as the first owner.</span></span>

## <a name="delegate-app-ownership"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-157">Delegate app ownership</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-157">Delegate app ownership</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-158">For even finer-grained app access delegation, you can assign ownership to individual enterprise applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-158">For even finer-grained app access delegation, you can assign ownership to individual enterprise applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-159">This complements the existing support for assigning application registration owners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-159">This complements the existing support for assigning application registration owners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-160">Ownership is assigned on a per-enterprise application basis in the enterprise apps blade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-160">Ownership is assigned on a per-enterprise application basis in the enterprise apps blade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-161">The benefit is owners can manage only the enterprise applications they own.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-161">The benefit is owners can manage only the enterprise applications they own.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-162">For example, you can assign an owner for the Salesforce application, and that owner can manage access to and configuration for Salesforce, and no other applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-162">For example, you can assign an owner for the Salesforce application, and that owner can manage access to and configuration for Salesforce, and no other applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-163">An enterprise application can have many owners, and a user can be the owner for many enterprise applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-163">An enterprise application can have many owners, and a user can be the owner for many enterprise applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-164">There are two app owner roles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-164">There are two app owner roles:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-165">The **Enterprise Application Owner** role grants the ability to manage the ‘enterprise applications that the user owns, including single sign-on settings, user and group assignments, and adding additional owners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-165">The **Enterprise Application Owner** role grants the ability to manage the ‘enterprise applications that the user owns, including single sign-on settings, user and group assignments, and adding additional owners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-166">It does not grant the ability to manage Application Proxy settings or conditional access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-166">It does not grant the ability to manage Application Proxy settings or conditional access.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-167">The **Application Registration Owner** role grants the ability to manage application registrations for app that the user owns, including the application manifest and adding additional owners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-167">The **Application Registration Owner** role grants the ability to manage application registrations for app that the user owns, including the application manifest and adding additional owners.</span></span>

## <a name="develop-a-security-plan"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-168">Develop a security plan</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-168">Develop a security plan</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-169">Azure AD provides an extensive guide to planning and executing a security plan on your Azure AD admin roles, [Securing privileged access for hybrid and cloud deployments](directory-admin-roles-secure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-169">Azure AD provides an extensive guide to planning and executing a security plan on your Azure AD admin roles, [Securing privileged access for hybrid and cloud deployments](directory-admin-roles-secure.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="establish-emergency-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-170">Establish emergency accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-170">Establish emergency accounts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-171">To maintain access to your identity management store when issue arise, prepare emergency access accounts according to [Create emergency-access administrative accounts](directory-emergency-access.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-171">To maintain access to your identity management store when issue arise, prepare emergency access accounts according to [Create emergency-access administrative accounts](directory-emergency-access.md).</span></span>

## <a name="secure-your-administrator-roles"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-172">Secure your administrator roles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-172">Secure your administrator roles</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-173">Attackers who get control of privileged accounts can do tremendous damage, so protect these accounts first, using the [baseline access policy](https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/enterprisemobility/2018/06/22/baseline-security-policy-for-azure-ad-admin-accounts-in-public-preview/) that is available by default to all Azure AD tenants (in public preview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-173">Attackers who get control of privileged accounts can do tremendous damage, so protect these accounts first, using the [baseline access policy](https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/enterprisemobility/2018/06/22/baseline-security-policy-for-azure-ad-admin-accounts-in-public-preview/) that is available by default to all Azure AD tenants (in public preview).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-174">The policy enforces multi-factor authentication on privileged Azure AD accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-174">The policy enforces multi-factor authentication on privileged Azure AD accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-175">The following Azure AD roles are covered by the Azure AD baseline policy:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-175">The following Azure AD roles are covered by the Azure AD baseline policy:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-176">Global administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-176">Global administrator</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-177">SharePoint administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-177">SharePoint administrator</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-178">Exchange administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-178">Exchange administrator</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-179">Conditional access administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-179">Conditional access administrator</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-180">Security administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-180">Security administrator</span></span>

## <a name="elevate-privilege-temporarily"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-181">Elevate privilege temporarily</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-181">Elevate privilege temporarily</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-182">For most day-to-day activities, not all users need global administrator rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-182">For most day-to-day activities, not all users need global administrator rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-183">And not all users should be permanently assigned to the Global Administrator role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-183">And not all users should be permanently assigned to the Global Administrator role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cbdef-184">When users need to act as a Global Administrator, they should activate the role assignment in Azure AD [Privileged Identity Management](../active-directory-privileged-identity-management-configure.md) on either their own account or an alternate administrative account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-184">When users need to act as a Global Administrator, they should activate the role assignment in Azure AD [Privileged Identity Management](../active-directory-privileged-identity-management-configure.md) on either their own account or an alternate administrative account.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="cbdef-185">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-185">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cbdef-186">For a reference to the Azure AD role descriptions, see [Assign admin roles in Azure AD](directory-assign-admin-roles.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cbdef-186">For a reference to the Azure AD role descriptions, see [Assign admin roles in Azure AD](directory-assign-admin-roles.md)</span></span>