---
title: Infrastructure and Connectivity to SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances) | Microsoft Docs
description: Configure required connectivity infrastructure to use SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances).
services: virtual-machines-linux
documentationcenter: ''
author: RicksterCDN
manager: jeconnoc
editor: ''
ms.service: virtual-machines-linux
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-linux
ms.workload: infrastructure
ms.date: 09/10/2018
ms.author: rclaus
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.openlocfilehash: 8466d222c6f17bfb1c60c9627854a6bdce9ef690
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44820019"
---
# <a name="sap-hana-large-instances-deployment"></a><span data-ttu-id="35de7-103">SAP HANA (large instances) deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-103">SAP HANA (large instances) deployment</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="35de7-104">After the purchase of SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances) is finalized between you and the Microsoft enterprise account team, the following information is required by Microsoft to deploy HANA Large Instance Units:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-104">After the purchase of SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances) is finalized between you and the Microsoft enterprise account team, the following information is required by Microsoft to deploy HANA Large Instance Units:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-105">Customer name</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-105">Customer name</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-106">Business contact information (including e-mail address and phone number)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-106">Business contact information (including e-mail address and phone number)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-107">Technical contact information (including e-mail address and phone number)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-107">Technical contact information (including e-mail address and phone number)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-108">Technical networking contact information (including e-mail address and phone number)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-108">Technical networking contact information (including e-mail address and phone number)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-109">Azure deployment region (West US, East US, Australia East, Australia Southeast, West Europe, and North Europe as of July 2017)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-109">Azure deployment region (West US, East US, Australia East, Australia Southeast, West Europe, and North Europe as of July 2017)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-110">Confirm SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances) SKU (configuration)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-110">Confirm SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances) SKU (configuration)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-111">As already detailed in the Overview and Architecture document for HANA Large Instances, for every Azure Region being deployed to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-111">As already detailed in the Overview and Architecture document for HANA Large Instances, for every Azure Region being deployed to:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="35de7-112">A /29 IP address range for ER-P2P Connections that connect Azure VNets to HANA Large Instances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-112">A /29 IP address range for ER-P2P Connections that connect Azure VNets to HANA Large Instances</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="35de7-113">A /24 CIDR Block used for the HANA Large Instances Server IP Pool</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-113">A /24 CIDR Block used for the HANA Large Instances Server IP Pool</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-114">The IP address range values used in the VNet Address Space attribute of every Azure VNet that connects to the HANA Large Instances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-114">The IP address range values used in the VNet Address Space attribute of every Azure VNet that connects to the HANA Large Instances</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-115">Data for each of HANA Large Instances system:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-115">Data for each of HANA Large Instances system:</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="35de7-116">Desired hostname - ideally with fully qualified domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-116">Desired hostname - ideally with fully qualified domain name.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="35de7-117">Desired IP address for the HANA Large Instance unit out of the Server IP Pool address range - Keep in mind that the first 30 IP addresses in the Server IP Pool address range are reserved for internal usage within HANA Large Instances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-117">Desired IP address for the HANA Large Instance unit out of the Server IP Pool address range - Keep in mind that the first 30 IP addresses in the Server IP Pool address range are reserved for internal usage within HANA Large Instances</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="35de7-118">SAP HANA SID name for the SAP HANA instance (required to create the necessary SAP HANA-related disk volumes).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-118">SAP HANA SID name for the SAP HANA instance (required to create the necessary SAP HANA-related disk volumes).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-119">The HANA SID is required for creating the permissions for sidadm on the NFS volumes, which are getting attached to the HANA Large Instance unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-119">The HANA SID is required for creating the permissions for sidadm on the NFS volumes, which are getting attached to the HANA Large Instance unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-120">It also is used as one of the name components of the disk volumes that get mounted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-120">It also is used as one of the name components of the disk volumes that get mounted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-121">If you want to run more than one HANA instance on the unit, you need to list multiple HANA SIDs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-121">If you want to run more than one HANA instance on the unit, you need to list multiple HANA SIDs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-122">Each one gets a separate set of volumes assigned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-122">Each one gets a separate set of volumes assigned.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="35de7-123">The groupid the sidadm user has in the Linux OS is required to create the necessary SAP HANA-related disk volumes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-123">The groupid the sidadm user has in the Linux OS is required to create the necessary SAP HANA-related disk volumes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-124">The SAP HANA installation usually creates the sapsys group with a group id of 1001.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-124">The SAP HANA installation usually creates the sapsys group with a group id of 1001.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-125">The sidadm user is part of that group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-125">The sidadm user is part of that group</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="35de7-126">The userid the sidadm user has in the Linux OS is required to create the necessary SAP HANA-related disk volumes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-126">The userid the sidadm user has in the Linux OS is required to create the necessary SAP HANA-related disk volumes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-127">If you are running multiple HANA instances on the unit, you need to list all the <sid>adm users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-127">If you are running multiple HANA instances on the unit, you need to list all the <sid>adm users</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-128">Azure subscription ID for the Azure subscription to which SAP HANA on Azure HANA Large Instances are going to be directly connected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-128">Azure subscription ID for the Azure subscription to which SAP HANA on Azure HANA Large Instances are going to be directly connected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="35de7-129">This subscription ID references the Azure subscription, which is going to be charged with the HANA Large Instance unit(s).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-129">This subscription ID references the Azure subscription, which is going to be charged with the HANA Large Instance unit(s).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35de7-130">After you provide the information, Microsoft provisions SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances) and will return the information necessary to link your Azure VNets to HANA Large Instances and to access the HANA Large Instance units.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-130">After you provide the information, Microsoft provisions SAP HANA on Azure (Large Instances) and will return the information necessary to link your Azure VNets to HANA Large Instances and to access the HANA Large Instance units.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35de7-131">Before reading this article, get familiar with [HANA Large Instances common terms](hana-know-terms.md) and the [HANA Large Instances SKUs](hana-available-skus.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-131">Before reading this article, get familiar with [HANA Large Instances common terms](hana-know-terms.md) and the [HANA Large Instances SKUs](hana-available-skus.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="35de7-132">You can use the following sequence to connect to the HANA Large Instances after it is deployed by the Microsoft:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-132">You can use the following sequence to connect to the HANA Large Instances after it is deployed by the Microsoft:</span></span>

1. [<span data-ttu-id="35de7-133">Connecting Azure VMs to HANA Large Instances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-133">Connecting Azure VMs to HANA Large Instances</span></span>](hana-connect-azure-vm-large-instances.md)
2. [<span data-ttu-id="35de7-134">Connecting a VNet to HANA Large Instances ExpressRoute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-134">Connecting a VNet to HANA Large Instances ExpressRoute</span></span>](hana-connect-vnet-express-route.md)
3. [<span data-ttu-id="35de7-135">Additional network requirements (optional)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-135">Additional network requirements (optional)</span></span>](hana-additional-network-requirements.md)

<span data-ttu-id="35de7-136">**Next steps**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-136">**Next steps**</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-137">Refer [Connecting Azure VMs to HANA Large Instances](hana-connect-azure-vm-large-instances.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-137">Refer [Connecting Azure VMs to HANA Large Instances](hana-connect-azure-vm-large-instances.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="35de7-138">Refer [Connecting a VNet to HANA Large Instance ExpressRoute](hana-connect-vnet-express-route.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="35de7-138">Refer [Connecting a VNet to HANA Large Instance ExpressRoute](hana-connect-vnet-express-route.md).</span></span>