---
title: Estimate Azure RemoteApp network bandwidth usage | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about the network bandwidth requirements for your Azure RemoteApp collections and apps.
services: remoteapp
documentationcenter: ''
author: msmbaldwin
manager: mbaldwin
ms.assetid: 3127f4c7-f532-46c3-ba9b-649f647abec1
ms.service: remoteapp
ms.workload: compute
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/23/2016
ms.author: mbaldwin
ms.openlocfilehash: 8b5f4568fa4e505b28011134cc8669ea50e17cf6
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554874"
---
# <a name="estimate-azure-remoteapp-network-bandwidth-usage"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea823-103">Estimate Azure RemoteApp network bandwidth usage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-103">Estimate Azure RemoteApp network bandwidth usage</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-104">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-104">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-105">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-105">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="ea823-106">Azure RemoteApp uses the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) to communicate between applications running in the Azure cloud and your users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-106">Azure RemoteApp uses the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) to communicate between applications running in the Azure cloud and your users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-107">This article provides some basic guidelines you can use to estimate that network usage and potentially evaluate network bandwidth usage per Azure RemoteApp user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-107">This article provides some basic guidelines you can use to estimate that network usage and potentially evaluate network bandwidth usage per Azure RemoteApp user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea823-108">Estimating bandwidth usage per user is very complex and requires running multiple applications simultaneously in multitasking scenarios where applications might impact each other's performance based on their demand for network bandwidth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-108">Estimating bandwidth usage per user is very complex and requires running multiple applications simultaneously in multitasking scenarios where applications might impact each other's performance based on their demand for network bandwidth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-109">Even the type of Remote Desktop client (such as Mac client versus HTML5 client) can lead to different bandwidth results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-109">Even the type of Remote Desktop client (such as Mac client versus HTML5 client) can lead to different bandwidth results.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-110">To help you work through these complications, we'll break the usage scenarios into several of the common categories to replicate real-world scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-110">To help you work through these complications, we'll break the usage scenarios into several of the common categories to replicate real-world scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-111">(Where the real-world scenario is, of course, a mix of categories and differs by user.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-111">(Where the real-world scenario is, of course, a mix of categories and differs by user.)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea823-112">Before we go further - note that we assume RDP provides a good to excellent experience for most usage scenarios on networks with latency below 120 ms and bandwidth over 5 MBs - this is based on RDP's ability to dynamically adjust by using the available network bandwidth and the estimated application bandwidth needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-112">Before we go further - note that we assume RDP provides a good to excellent experience for most usage scenarios on networks with latency below 120 ms and bandwidth over 5 MBs - this is based on RDP's ability to dynamically adjust by using the available network bandwidth and the estimated application bandwidth needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-113">This article goes beyond those "most usage scenarios" to look at the edge, where scenarios begin to unwind and user experience begins to degrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-113">This article goes beyond those "most usage scenarios" to look at the edge, where scenarios begin to unwind and user experience begins to degrade.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea823-114">Now check out the following articles for the details, including factors to consider, baseline recommendations, and what we did not include in our estimates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-114">Now check out the following articles for the details, including factors to consider, baseline recommendations, and what we did not include in our estimates.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="ea823-115">How do network bandwidth and quality of experience work together?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-115">How do network bandwidth and quality of experience work together?</span></span>](remoteapp-bandwidthexperience.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ea823-116">Testing your network bandwidth usage with some common scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-116">Testing your network bandwidth usage with some common scenarios</span></span>](remoteapp-bandwidthtests.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="ea823-117">Quick guidelines if you don't have the time or ability to test</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-117">Quick guidelines if you don't have the time or ability to test</span></span>](remoteapp-bandwidthguidelines.md)

## <a name="what-are-we-not-including"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea823-118">What are we not including?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-118">What are we not including?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea823-119">When you review the proposed tests and our overall (and admittedly generic) recommendations, be aware that there are several factors that we did not consider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-119">When you review the proposed tests and our overall (and admittedly generic) recommendations, be aware that there are several factors that we did not consider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-120">For example, the user experience complications provided by the asymmetric nature of upload vs. download bandwidth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-120">For example, the user experience complications provided by the asymmetric nature of upload vs. download bandwidth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-121">The asymmetric nature of most Wi-Fi networks will additionally impact the performance and the user experience perception.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-121">The asymmetric nature of most Wi-Fi networks will additionally impact the performance and the user experience perception.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-122">For interactive scenarios the downstream traffic may be prioritized lower than the upstream, which may increase the number of lost video or audio frames and therefore impact the user perception of the streaming experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-122">For interactive scenarios the downstream traffic may be prioritized lower than the upstream, which may increase the number of lost video or audio frames and therefore impact the user perception of the streaming experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-123">You can run your own experiments to see what is good for your specific use case and network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-123">You can run your own experiments to see what is good for your specific use case and network.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea823-124">Although we discuss device redirection, we did not take into consideration the bandwidth impact of the network traffic caused by attached devices, like storage, printers, scanners, web cameras, and other USB devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-124">Although we discuss device redirection, we did not take into consideration the bandwidth impact of the network traffic caused by attached devices, like storage, printers, scanners, web cameras, and other USB devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-125">The effect of those devices usually spikes the bandwidth needs temporarily and goes away when the task is complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-125">The effect of those devices usually spikes the bandwidth needs temporarily and goes away when the task is complete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-126">But if done frequently, that bandwidth demand could be quite noticeable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-126">But if done frequently, that bandwidth demand could be quite noticeable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea823-127">We also do not discuss how one user can impact other users within the same network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-127">We also do not discuss how one user can impact other users within the same network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-128">For example, one user consuming 4K video on a 100 MB/s network might significantly impact other users on that same network trying to do the same task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-128">For example, one user consuming 4K video on a 100 MB/s network might significantly impact other users on that same network trying to do the same task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-129">Unfortunately it gets progressively harder to determine the impact of concurrent usage to give a common or all-encompassing recommendation about how the system performs at aggregate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-129">Unfortunately it gets progressively harder to determine the impact of concurrent usage to give a common or all-encompassing recommendation about how the system performs at aggregate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea823-130">All we can say is that the underlying protocol technology will make the best use of the available network bandwidth, but it does have its limitations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea823-130">All we can say is that the underlying protocol technology will make the best use of the available network bandwidth, but it does have its limitations.</span></span>

