---
title: Using Office with Azure RemoteApp | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how Office and Azure RemoteApp work together
services: remoteapp
documentationcenter: ''
author: msmbaldwin
manager: mbaldwin
ms.assetid: f1773baf-8aa1-423c-a2f9-e4679e0463d3
ms.service: remoteapp
ms.workload: compute
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/23/2016
ms.author: mbaldwin
ms.openlocfilehash: 5a8af257eb964be4677d5da6a57aadaad1eb2cc3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549957"
---
# <a name="using-office-with-azure-remoteapp"></a><span data-ttu-id="dee03-103">Using Office with Azure RemoteApp</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-103">Using Office with Azure RemoteApp</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-104">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-104">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-105">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-105">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-106">You have two choices for hosting Office applications in Azure RemoteApp: Office 365 ProPlus or Office 2013 Professional Plus Trial.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-106">You have two choices for hosting Office applications in Azure RemoteApp: Office 365 ProPlus or Office 2013 Professional Plus Trial.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-107">**Hey, did you know we have a new, better article that will soon replace this? Check out [How to use your Office 365 subscription with Azure RemoteApp](remoteapp-officesubscription.md). It covers all the info you need for using Office 365 + Azure RemoteApp.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-107">**Hey, did you know we have a new, better article that will soon replace this? Check out [How to use your Office 365 subscription with Azure RemoteApp](remoteapp-officesubscription.md). It covers all the info you need for using Office 365 + Azure RemoteApp.**</span></span>

## <a name="office-365-proplus"></a><span data-ttu-id="dee03-108">Office 365 ProPlus</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-108">Office 365 ProPlus</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dee03-109">You can create a RemoteApp collection using the Office 365 ProPlus template image.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-109">You can create a RemoteApp collection using the Office 365 ProPlus template image.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-110">This option allows you to extend your Office 365 service to RemoteApp.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-110">This option allows you to extend your Office 365 service to RemoteApp.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-111">You must have an existing subscription plan and your users must be licensed for the Office 365 ProPlus service, either standalone or through the Office 365 service plans.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-111">You must have an existing subscription plan and your users must be licensed for the Office 365 ProPlus service, either standalone or through the Office 365 service plans.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-112">RemoteApp supports Office 365 Shared Computer Activation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-112">RemoteApp supports Office 365 Shared Computer Activation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-113">When you enable Shared Computer Activation, and use the [Office Deployment tool](http://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=36778) for installation, Office 365 ProPlus installs without being activated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-113">When you enable Shared Computer Activation, and use the [Office Deployment tool](http://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=36778) for installation, Office 365 ProPlus installs without being activated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-114">When a user signs into a collection that contains Office 365, Office checks to see if the user has been provisioned for Office 365 ProPlus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-114">When a user signs into a collection that contains Office 365, Office checks to see if the user has been provisioned for Office 365 ProPlus.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-115">If so, Office temporarily activates Office 365 ProPlus - this activation persists until that users signs out of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-115">If so, Office temporarily activates Office 365 ProPlus - this activation persists until that users signs out of the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-116">To use Office 365 Shared Computer Activation, you need to create a [custom template](remoteapp-create-custom-image.md) and install Office 365 ProPlus there, following [these directions](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn782858.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-116">To use Office 365 Shared Computer Activation, you need to create a [custom template](remoteapp-create-custom-image.md) and install Office 365 ProPlus there, following [these directions](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn782858.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-117">You can manage your users’ Office 365 licenses at the [Office 365 Admin Portal](https://portal.office365.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-117">You can manage your users’ Office 365 licenses at the [Office 365 Admin Portal](https://portal.office365.com/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-118">Read more information about [Office 365 service plans](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/office-365-plan-options.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-118">Read more information about [Office 365 service plans](http://technet.microsoft.com/library/office-365-plan-options.aspx).</span></span>  

## <a name="office-2013-professional-plus-trial"></a><span data-ttu-id="dee03-119">Office 2013 Professional Plus Trial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-119">Office 2013 Professional Plus Trial</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dee03-120">During a 30-day trial of RemoteApp, you can use the Office 2013 Professional Plus (trial) template image to create a RemoteApp collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-120">During a 30-day trial of RemoteApp, you can use the Office 2013 Professional Plus (trial) template image to create a RemoteApp collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-121">You can assign users to this trial collection using their Azure Active Directory work accounts or Microsoft accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-121">You can assign users to this trial collection using their Azure Active Directory work accounts or Microsoft accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-122">No additional subscription is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-122">No additional subscription is required.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-123">This is a great option to kick the tires and get a good feeling for Office in RemoteApp.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-123">This is a great option to kick the tires and get a good feeling for Office in RemoteApp.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-124">However, this option is intended for evaluation and testing only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-124">However, this option is intended for evaluation and testing only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-125">RemoteApp collections created using the Office 2013 Professional Plus (trial) template image cannot be transitioned to production mode and will be disabled at the end of the trial period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-125">RemoteApp collections created using the Office 2013 Professional Plus (trial) template image cannot be transitioned to production mode and will be disabled at the end of the trial period.</span></span>

## <a name="switching-from-trial-to-production"></a><span data-ttu-id="dee03-126">Switching from trial to production</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-126">Switching from trial to production</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dee03-127">When you start your 30-day free trial, a note in the RemoteApp section of the portal will tell you how long you have left in the trial before you need to transition to a paid account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-127">When you start your 30-day free trial, a note in the RemoteApp section of the portal will tell you how long you have left in the trial before you need to transition to a paid account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-128">You can activate your account and switch to production mode using the link in this note.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-128">You can activate your account and switch to production mode using the link in this note.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-129">When you activate your account, this will affect all the RemoteApp collections in your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-129">When you activate your account, this will affect all the RemoteApp collections in your account.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="dee03-130">Collections that are running with the Windows Server 2012 R2 or the Office 365 ProPlus template images will transition to production seamlessly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-130">Collections that are running with the Windows Server 2012 R2 or the Office 365 ProPlus template images will transition to production seamlessly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-131">All user data and settings, including ongoing sessions, remain intact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-131">All user data and settings, including ongoing sessions, remain intact.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="dee03-132">If you have uploaded custom template images, collections using those images will also transition seamlessly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-132">If you have uploaded custom template images, collections using those images will also transition seamlessly.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="dee03-133">The Office 2013 Professional Plus (Trial) template image is intended for evaluation only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-133">The Office 2013 Professional Plus (Trial) template image is intended for evaluation only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-134">Collections running with this template image cannot be transitioned to production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-134">Collections running with this template image cannot be transitioned to production.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-135">They will be put in "disabled" state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-135">They will be put in "disabled" state.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dee03-136">If you do not transition to production mode by the expiration of your trial, your RemoteApp collections will be disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-136">If you do not transition to production mode by the expiration of your trial, your RemoteApp collections will be disabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dee03-137">Don't worry - Your settings and users’ data are saved for another 90 days, so you can still activate your service and switch to production mode without any data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dee03-137">Don't worry - Your settings and users’ data are saved for another 90 days, so you can still activate your service and switch to production mode without any data loss.</span></span>

