---
title: Azure RemoteApp - how do network bandwidth and quality of experience work together? | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how network bandwidth in Azure RemoteApp can impact your user's quality of experience.
services: remoteapp
documentationcenter: ''
author: msmbaldwin
manager: mbaldwin
ms.assetid: 74ebc1fb-5187-4056-b08c-0e03b5ecaca6
ms.service: remoteapp
ms.workload: compute
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/23/2016
ms.author: mbaldwin
ms.openlocfilehash: 1a1f772c12b2eb4470bd239f0325cc4ae18b9680
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555112"
---
# <a name="azure-remoteapp---how-do-network-bandwidth-and-quality-of-experience-work-together"></a><span data-ttu-id="e7b00-104">Azure RemoteApp - how do network bandwidth and quality of experience work together?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-104">Azure RemoteApp - how do network bandwidth and quality of experience work together?</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-105">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-105">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-106">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-106">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="e7b00-107">When you are looking at the [overall network bandwidth](remoteapp-bandwidth.md) required for Azure RemoteApp, keep in mind the following factors - these are all part of a dynamic system that impacts the overall user experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-107">When you are looking at the [overall network bandwidth](remoteapp-bandwidth.md) required for Azure RemoteApp, keep in mind the following factors - these are all part of a dynamic system that impacts the overall user experience.</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-108">**Available network bandwidth and current network conditions** - A set of parameters (loss, latency, jitter) on the same network at a given time can impact the application streaming experience, meaning a lowered overall user experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-108">**Available network bandwidth and current network conditions** - A set of parameters (loss, latency, jitter) on the same network at a given time can impact the application streaming experience, meaning a lowered overall user experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-109">The bandwidth available in your network is a function of congestion, random loss, latency because all these parameters affect the congestion control mechanism, which in turn controls the transmission speed to avoid collisions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-109">The bandwidth available in your network is a function of congestion, random loss, latency because all these parameters affect the congestion control mechanism, which in turn controls the transmission speed to avoid collisions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-110">For example, a lossy network or network with high latency will make the user experience bad even on a network with 1000 MB bandwidth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-110">For example, a lossy network or network with high latency will make the user experience bad even on a network with 1000 MB bandwidth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-111">The loss and latency vary based on the number of users that are on the same network and what those users are doing (for example, watching videos, downloading or uploading large files, printing).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-111">The loss and latency vary based on the number of users that are on the same network and what those users are doing (for example, watching videos, downloading or uploading large files, printing).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-112">**Usage scenario** - The experience depends on what the users are doing as individuals and as a group on the same network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-112">**Usage scenario** - The experience depends on what the users are doing as individuals and as a group on the same network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-113">For example, reading one slide requires only a single frame to be updated; if the user skims and scrolls over the content of a text document, they need a higher number of frames to be updated per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-113">For example, reading one slide requires only a single frame to be updated; if the user skims and scrolls over the content of a text document, they need a higher number of frames to be updated per second.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-114">The communication back and forth to the server in this scenario will eventually consume more network bandwidth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-114">The communication back and forth to the server in this scenario will eventually consume more network bandwidth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-115">Also consider an extreme example: multiple users are watching high-definition videos (like 4K resolution), holding HD conference calls, playing 3D video games, or working on CAD systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-115">Also consider an extreme example: multiple users are watching high-definition videos (like 4K resolution), holding HD conference calls, playing 3D video games, or working on CAD systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-116">All of these can make even a really high bandwidth network practically unusable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-116">All of these can make even a really high bandwidth network practically unusable.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-117">**Screen resolution and the number of screens** - More network bandwidth is required to full update bigger screens than smaller screens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-117">**Screen resolution and the number of screens** - More network bandwidth is required to full update bigger screens than smaller screens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-118">The underlying technology does a pretty good job of encoding and transmitting only the regions of the screens that have been updated, but once in a while, the whole screen needs to be updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-118">The underlying technology does a pretty good job of encoding and transmitting only the regions of the screens that have been updated, but once in a while, the whole screen needs to be updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-119">When the user has a higher resolution screen (for example 4K resolution), that update requires more network bandwidth than a screen with lower resolution (like 1024x768px).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-119">When the user has a higher resolution screen (for example 4K resolution), that update requires more network bandwidth than a screen with lower resolution (like 1024x768px).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-120">This same logic applies if you use more than one screen for redirection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-120">This same logic applies if you use more than one screen for redirection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-121">Bandwidth needs to increase with the number of screens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-121">Bandwidth needs to increase with the number of screens.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-122">**Clipboard and device redirection** - This is a not very obvious issue, but in many cases if a user stores a large chunk of data to the clipboard, it takes a bit of time for that information to transfer from the Remote Desktop client to the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-122">**Clipboard and device redirection** - This is a not very obvious issue, but in many cases if a user stores a large chunk of data to the clipboard, it takes a bit of time for that information to transfer from the Remote Desktop client to the server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-123">The downstream experience can be impacted by the experience of sending the clipboard content upstream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-123">The downstream experience can be impacted by the experience of sending the clipboard content upstream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e7b00-124">The same applies for device redirection - if a scanner or web cam produces a lot of data that needs to be sent upstream to the server, or a printer needs to receive a large document, or local storage needs to be available to an app running in the cloud to copy a large file, users might notice dropped frames or temporarily "frozen" video because the data needed for the device redirection is increasing the network bandwidth needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-124">The same applies for device redirection - if a scanner or web cam produces a lot of data that needs to be sent upstream to the server, or a printer needs to receive a large document, or local storage needs to be available to an app running in the cloud to copy a large file, users might notice dropped frames or temporarily "frozen" video because the data needed for the device redirection is increasing the network bandwidth needs.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="e7b00-125">When you evaluate your network bandwidth needs, make sure to consider all of these factors working as a system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-125">When you evaluate your network bandwidth needs, make sure to consider all of these factors working as a system.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e7b00-126">Now, go back to the [main network bandwidth article](remoteapp-bandwidth.md), or move on to testing your [network bandwidth](remoteapp-bandwidthtests.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-126">Now, go back to the [main network bandwidth article](remoteapp-bandwidth.md), or move on to testing your [network bandwidth](remoteapp-bandwidthtests.md).</span></span>

## <a name="learn-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="e7b00-127">Learn more</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-127">Learn more</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="e7b00-128">Estimate Azure RemoteApp network bandwidth usage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-128">Estimate Azure RemoteApp network bandwidth usage</span></span>](remoteapp-bandwidth.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="e7b00-129">Azure RemoteApp - testing your network bandwidth usage with some common scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-129">Azure RemoteApp - testing your network bandwidth usage with some common scenarios</span></span>](remoteapp-bandwidthtests.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="e7b00-130">Azure RemoteApp network bandwidth - general guidelines (if you can't test your own)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e7b00-130">Azure RemoteApp network bandwidth - general guidelines (if you can't test your own)</span></span>](remoteapp-bandwidthguidelines.md)

