---
title: SQL Azure with Azure RemoteApp | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to use SQL Azure with Azure RemoteApp.
services: remoteapp
documentationcenter: ''
author: ericorman
manager: mbaldwin
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 35f81d75-bfd7-4980-807e-00339f2cb2a4
ms.service: remoteapp
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: hero-article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: compute
ms.date: 11/23/2016
ms.author: mbaldwin
ms.openlocfilehash: 24d41c7eb6b5bd34c07d21318740ecf4c6db2d22
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44540838"
---
# <a name="sql-azure-with-azure-remoteapp"></a><span data-ttu-id="5038a-103">SQL Azure with Azure RemoteApp</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-103">SQL Azure with Azure RemoteApp</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-104">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-104">Azure RemoteApp is being discontinued on August 31, 2017.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-105">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-105">Read the [announcement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=821148) for details.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="5038a-106">Often when customers choose to host their Windows applications in the cloud with Azure RemoteApp they also want to migrate their data such as SQL servers into the cloud for an entire cloud deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-106">Often when customers choose to host their Windows applications in the cloud with Azure RemoteApp they also want to migrate their data such as SQL servers into the cloud for an entire cloud deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-107">This allows for entire cloud hosted solution that can be accessed anytime by any device anywhere using Azure RemoteApp.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-107">This allows for entire cloud hosted solution that can be accessed anytime by any device anywhere using Azure RemoteApp.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-108">Below are links and references along with guidance to help you with this process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-108">Below are links and references along with guidance to help you with this process.</span></span>  

## <a name="migrate-your-sql-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="5038a-109">Migrate your SQL data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-109">Migrate your SQL data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5038a-110">Start with [Migrating a SQL Server database to Azure SQL Database](../sql-database/sql-database-cloud-migrate.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-110">Start with [Migrating a SQL Server database to Azure SQL Database](../sql-database/sql-database-cloud-migrate.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="configure-azure-remoteapp"></a><span data-ttu-id="5038a-111">Configure Azure RemoteApp</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-111">Configure Azure RemoteApp</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5038a-112">Host your Windows application in Azure RemoteApp.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-112">Host your Windows application in Azure RemoteApp.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-113">Below is a very high level step-by-step:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-113">Below is a very high level step-by-step:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="5038a-114">Create the [Azure RemoteApp template VM](remoteapp-imageoptions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-114">Create the [Azure RemoteApp template VM](remoteapp-imageoptions.md).</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="5038a-115">Install the required application on the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-115">Install the required application on the VM.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="5038a-116">Configure the application so it connects to the SQL DB and confirm that it works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-116">Configure the application so it connects to the SQL DB and confirm that it works.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="5038a-117">Sysprep and shutdown the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-117">Sysprep and shutdown the VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-118">Capture this as an image for use with Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-118">Capture this as an image for use with Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-119">**Note:** You will need to ensure that the application is able to retain the DB connectivity information through the sysprep process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-119">**Note:** You will need to ensure that the application is able to retain the DB connectivity information through the sysprep process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-120">If the application is unable to retain the DB connection information, you might want to engage the vendor of the application to check how we can specify the connection string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-120">If the application is unable to retain the DB connection information, you might want to engage the vendor of the application to check how we can specify the connection string.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="5038a-121">Import the custom image into your Azure RemoteApp library selecting the proper geographical location that your SQL Azure deployment resides.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-121">Import the custom image into your Azure RemoteApp library selecting the proper geographical location that your SQL Azure deployment resides.</span></span> 
6. <span data-ttu-id="5038a-122">Deploy a RemoteApp collection in the same data center as your SQL Azure deployment using the above template and publish the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-122">Deploy a RemoteApp collection in the same data center as your SQL Azure deployment using the above template and publish the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-123">Deploying Azure RemoteApp in the same data center as your SQL Azure deployment helps ensure the fastest connection speeds and reduce latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-123">Deploying Azure RemoteApp in the same data center as your SQL Azure deployment helps ensure the fastest connection speeds and reduce latency.</span></span> 

## <a name="app-and-sql-configuration-considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="5038a-124">App and SQL configuration considerations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-124">App and SQL configuration considerations:</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5038a-125">There are a few points to consider when using Azure SQL with RemoteApp:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-125">There are a few points to consider when using Azure SQL with RemoteApp:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5038a-126">Learn [how to configure an Azure SQL database firewall](../sql-database/sql-database-firewall-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-126">Learn [how to configure an Azure SQL database firewall](../sql-database/sql-database-firewall-configure.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-127">An excerpt from the article states, "Initially, all access to your Azure SQL Database server is blocked by the firewall.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-127">An excerpt from the article states, "Initially, all access to your Azure SQL Database server is blocked by the firewall.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-128">In order to begin using your Azure SQL Database server, you must go to the Classic Portal and specify one or more server-level firewall rules that enable access to your Azure SQL Database server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-128">In order to begin using your Azure SQL Database server, you must go to the Classic Portal and specify one or more server-level firewall rules that enable access to your Azure SQL Database server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-129">Use the firewall rules to specify which IP address ranges from the Internet are allowed, and whether or not Azure applications can attempt to connect to your Azure SQL Database server."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-129">Use the firewall rules to specify which IP address ranges from the Internet are allowed, and whether or not Azure applications can attempt to connect to your Azure SQL Database server."</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5038a-130">Also, when a computer attempts to connect to your database server from the Internet, the firewall checks the originating IP address of the request against the full set of server-level and (if required) database-level firewall rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-130">Also, when a computer attempts to connect to your database server from the Internet, the firewall checks the originating IP address of the request against the full set of server-level and (if required) database-level firewall rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-131">"If the IP address of the request is within one of the ranges specified in the server-level firewall rules, the connection is granted to your Azure SQL Database server."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-131">"If the IP address of the request is within one of the ranges specified in the server-level firewall rules, the connection is granted to your Azure SQL Database server."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-132">Hence, we can make use of IP Ranges and not just individual source IP addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-132">Hence, we can make use of IP Ranges and not just individual source IP addresses.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5038a-133">Follow the step by step instructions in [How to: Configure firewall settings on SQL Database using the Azure Portal](../sql-database/sql-database-configure-firewall-settings.md) to specify the IP range.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-133">Follow the step by step instructions in [How to: Configure firewall settings on SQL Database using the Azure Portal](../sql-database/sql-database-configure-firewall-settings.md) to specify the IP range.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-134">When you are configuring the SQL Firewall rules, please provide the IP range of the subnet that is specified for the Azure RemoteApp collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-134">When you are configuring the SQL Firewall rules, please provide the IP range of the subnet that is specified for the Azure RemoteApp collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-135">This should allow the ARA servers to connect to the SQL DB even though they will have dynamically-assigned IP Addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-135">This should allow the ARA servers to connect to the SQL DB even though they will have dynamically-assigned IP Addresses.</span></span>

## <a name="troubleshooting"></a><span data-ttu-id="5038a-136">Troubleshooting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-136">Troubleshooting</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5038a-137">If the experience of using a client application hosted in Azure RemoteApp that connects to a SQL database where hosted on Azure or on-premises is slow there could be a few reasons why.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-137">If the experience of using a client application hosted in Azure RemoteApp that connects to a SQL database where hosted on Azure or on-premises is slow there could be a few reasons why.</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="5038a-138">Network latency from your device to Azure is high.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-138">Network latency from your device to Azure is high.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-139">Move to the best and fastest network connection you can for best performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-139">Move to the best and fastest network connection you can for best performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-140">Use [azurespeed.com](http://azurespeed.com/) as a general tool to test your devices latency to Azure data center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-140">Use [azurespeed.com](http://azurespeed.com/) as a general tool to test your devices latency to Azure data center.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="5038a-141">Client app hosted in Azure RemoteApp is under stress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-141">Client app hosted in Azure RemoteApp is under stress.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-142">Selecting a different billing plan such as Premium billing will improve performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-142">Selecting a different billing plan such as Premium billing will improve performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-143">Another trick is to monitor the resources your application is consuming: during an active session perform a ctrl-alt-end key sequence which will launch the SAS screen, select Task Manager and observe resource utilization for your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-143">Another trick is to monitor the resources your application is consuming: during an active session perform a ctrl-alt-end key sequence which will launch the SAS screen, select Task Manager and observe resource utilization for your app.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5038a-144">SQL server is under stress or not optimized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-144">SQL server is under stress or not optimized.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5038a-145">Follow SQL guidance for troubleshooting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5038a-145">Follow SQL guidance for troubleshooting.</span></span> 

