---
title: Learn about Azure SQL Data Warehouse operations | Microsoft Docs
description: "SQL Data Warehouse's elasticity lets you grow, shrink, or pause compute power by using a sliding scale of data warehouse units (DWUs). This article explains the data warehouse metrics and how they relate to DWUs. "
services: sql-data-warehouse
documentationcenter: NA
author: barbkess
manager: jhubbard
editor: ''
ms.assetid: cadffa9c-589d-4db7-888a-1f202a753bc5
ms.service: sql-data-warehouse
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-services
ms.custom: performance
ms.date: 10/31/2016
ms.author: barbkess;mausher
ms.openlocfilehash: ba8945b47f4f654cac0146a4866a446ff1562686
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553188"
---
# <a name="data-warehouse-workload"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d688-104">Data warehouse workload</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-104">Data warehouse workload</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d688-105">A data warehouse workload refers to all of the operations that transpire against a data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-105">A data warehouse workload refers to all of the operations that transpire against a data warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-106">The data warehouse workload encompasses the entire process of loading data into the warehouse, performing analysis and reporting on the data warehouse, managing data in the data warehouse, and exporting data from the data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-106">The data warehouse workload encompasses the entire process of loading data into the warehouse, performing analysis and reporting on the data warehouse, managing data in the data warehouse, and exporting data from the data warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-107">The depth and breadth of these components are often commensurate with the maturity level of the data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-107">The depth and breadth of these components are often commensurate with the maturity level of the data warehouse.</span></span>

## <a name="new-to-data-warehousing"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d688-108">New to data warehousing?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-108">New to data warehousing?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d688-109">A data warehouse is a collection of data that is loaded from one or more data sources and is used to perform business intelligence tasks such as reporting and data analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-109">A data warehouse is a collection of data that is loaded from one or more data sources and is used to perform business intelligence tasks such as reporting and data analysis.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d688-110">Data warehouses are characterized by queries that scan larger numbers of rows, large ranges of data and may return relatively large results for the purposes of analysis and reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-110">Data warehouses are characterized by queries that scan larger numbers of rows, large ranges of data and may return relatively large results for the purposes of analysis and reporting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-111">Data warehouses are also characterized by relatively large data loads versus small transaction-level inserts/updates/deletes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-111">Data warehouses are also characterized by relatively large data loads versus small transaction-level inserts/updates/deletes.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-112">A data warehouse performs best when the data is stored in a way that optimizes queries that need to scan large numbers of rows or large ranges of data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-112">A data warehouse performs best when the data is stored in a way that optimizes queries that need to scan large numbers of rows or large ranges of data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-113">This type of scanning works best when the data is stored and searched by columns, instead of by rows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-113">This type of scanning works best when the data is stored and searched by columns, instead of by rows.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-114">The in-memory columnstore index, which uses column storage, provides up to 10x compression gains and 100x query performance gains over traditional binary trees for reporting and analytics queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-114">The in-memory columnstore index, which uses column storage, provides up to 10x compression gains and 100x query performance gains over traditional binary trees for reporting and analytics queries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-115">We consider columnstore indexes as the standard for storing and scanning large data in a data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-115">We consider columnstore indexes as the standard for storing and scanning large data in a data warehouse.</span></span>
> 
> 

* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-116">A data warehouse has different requirements than a system that optimizes for online transaction processing (OLTP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-116">A data warehouse has different requirements than a system that optimizes for online transaction processing (OLTP).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-117">The OLTP system has many insert, update, and delete operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-117">The OLTP system has many insert, update, and delete operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-118">These operations seek to specific rows in the table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-118">These operations seek to specific rows in the table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-119">Table seeks perform best when the data is stored in a row-by-row manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-119">Table seeks perform best when the data is stored in a row-by-row manner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-120">The data can be sorted and quickly searched with a divide and conquer approach called a binary tree or btree search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-120">The data can be sorted and quickly searched with a divide and conquer approach called a binary tree or btree search.</span></span>

## <a name="data-loading"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d688-121">Data loading</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-121">Data loading</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d688-122">Data loading is a big part of the data warehouse workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-122">Data loading is a big part of the data warehouse workload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-123">Businesses usually have a busy OLTP system that tracks changes throughout the day when customers are generating business transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-123">Businesses usually have a busy OLTP system that tracks changes throughout the day when customers are generating business transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-124">Periodically, often at night during a maintenance window, the transactions are moved or copied to the data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-124">Periodically, often at night during a maintenance window, the transactions are moved or copied to the data warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-125">Once the data is in the data warehouse, analysts can perform analysis and make business decisions on the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-125">Once the data is in the data warehouse, analysts can perform analysis and make business decisions on the data.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-126">Traditionally, the process of loading is called ETL for Extract, Transform, and Load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-126">Traditionally, the process of loading is called ETL for Extract, Transform, and Load.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-127">Data usually needs to be transformed so it is consistent with other data in the data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-127">Data usually needs to be transformed so it is consistent with other data in the data warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-128">Previously, businesses used dedicated ETL servers to perform the transformations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-128">Previously, businesses used dedicated ETL servers to perform the transformations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-129">Now, with such fast massively parallel processing you can load data into SQL Data Warehouse first, and then perform the transformations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-129">Now, with such fast massively parallel processing you can load data into SQL Data Warehouse first, and then perform the transformations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-130">This process is called Extract, Load, and Transform (ELT), and is becoming a new standard for the data warehouse workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-130">This process is called Extract, Load, and Transform (ELT), and is becoming a new standard for the data warehouse workload.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-131">With SQL Server 2016, you can now perform analytics in real-time on an OLTP table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-131">With SQL Server 2016, you can now perform analytics in real-time on an OLTP table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-132">This does not replace the need for a data warehouse to store and analyze data, but it does provide a way to perform analysis in real-time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-132">This does not replace the need for a data warehouse to store and analyze data, but it does provide a way to perform analysis in real-time.</span></span>
> 
> 

### <a name="reporting-and-analysis-queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d688-133">Reporting and analysis queries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-133">Reporting and analysis queries</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d688-134">Reporting and analysis queries are often categorized into small, medium and large based on a number of criteria, but usually it is based on time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-134">Reporting and analysis queries are often categorized into small, medium and large based on a number of criteria, but usually it is based on time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-135">In most data warehouses, there is a mixed workload of fast-running versus long-running queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-135">In most data warehouses, there is a mixed workload of fast-running versus long-running queries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-136">In each case, it is important to determine this mix and to determine its frequency (hourly, daily, month-end, quarter-end, and so on).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-136">In each case, it is important to determine this mix and to determine its frequency (hourly, daily, month-end, quarter-end, and so on).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-137">It is important to understand that the mixed query workload, coupled with concurrency, lead to proper capacity planning for a data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-137">It is important to understand that the mixed query workload, coupled with concurrency, lead to proper capacity planning for a data warehouse.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-138">Capacity planning can be a complex task for a mixed query workload, especially when you need a long lead time to add capacity to the data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-138">Capacity planning can be a complex task for a mixed query workload, especially when you need a long lead time to add capacity to the data warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-139">SQL Data Warehouse removes the urgency of capacity planning since you can grow and shrink compute capacity at any time, and since storage and compute capacity are independently sized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-139">SQL Data Warehouse removes the urgency of capacity planning since you can grow and shrink compute capacity at any time, and since storage and compute capacity are independently sized.</span></span>

### <a name="data-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d688-140">Data management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-140">Data management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d688-141">Managing data is important, especially when you know you might run out of disk space in the near future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-141">Managing data is important, especially when you know you might run out of disk space in the near future.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-142">Data warehouses usually divide the data into meaningful ranges, which are stored as partitions in a table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-142">Data warehouses usually divide the data into meaningful ranges, which are stored as partitions in a table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-143">All SQL Server-based products let you move partitions in and out of the table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-143">All SQL Server-based products let you move partitions in and out of the table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-144">This partition switching lets you move older data to less expensive storage and keep the latest data available on online storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-144">This partition switching lets you move older data to less expensive storage and keep the latest data available on online storage.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-145">Columnstore indexes support partitioned tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-145">Columnstore indexes support partitioned tables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-146">For columnstore indexes, partitioned tables are used for data management and archival.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-146">For columnstore indexes, partitioned tables are used for data management and archival.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-147">For tables stored row-by-row, partitions have a larger role in query performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-147">For tables stored row-by-row, partitions have a larger role in query performance.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-148">PolyBase plays an important role in managing data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-148">PolyBase plays an important role in managing data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-149">Using PolyBase, you have the option to archive older data to Hadoop or Azure blob storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-149">Using PolyBase, you have the option to archive older data to Hadoop or Azure blob storage.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="2d688-150">This provides lots of options since the data is still online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-150">This provides lots of options since the data is still online.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="2d688-151">It might take longer to retrieve data from Hadoop, but the tradeoff of retrieval time might outweigh the storage cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-151">It might take longer to retrieve data from Hadoop, but the tradeoff of retrieval time might outweigh the storage cost.</span></span>

### <a name="exporting-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d688-152">Exporting data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-152">Exporting data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d688-153">One way to make data available for reports and analysis is to send data from the data warehouse to servers dedicated for running reports and analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-153">One way to make data available for reports and analysis is to send data from the data warehouse to servers dedicated for running reports and analysis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-154">These servers are called data marts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-154">These servers are called data marts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-155">For example, you could pre-process report data and then export it from the data warehouse to many servers around the world, to make it broadly available for customers and analysts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-155">For example, you could pre-process report data and then export it from the data warehouse to many servers around the world, to make it broadly available for customers and analysts.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-156">For generating reports, each night you could populate read-only reporting servers with a snapshot of the daily data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-156">For generating reports, each night you could populate read-only reporting servers with a snapshot of the daily data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-157">This gives higher bandwidth for customers while lowering the compute resource needs on the data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-157">This gives higher bandwidth for customers while lowering the compute resource needs on the data warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d688-158">From a security aspect, data marts allow you to reduce the number of users who have access to the data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-158">From a security aspect, data marts allow you to reduce the number of users who have access to the data warehouse.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d688-159">For analytics, you can either build an analysis cube on the data warehouse and run analysis against the data warehouse, or pre-process data and export it to the analysis server for further analytics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-159">For analytics, you can either build an analysis cube on the data warehouse and run analysis against the data warehouse, or pre-process data and export it to the analysis server for further analytics.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d688-160">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-160">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d688-161">Now that you know a bit about SQL Data Warehouse, learn how to quickly [create a SQL Data Warehouse][create a SQL Data Warehouse] and [load sample data][load sample data].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d688-161">Now that you know a bit about SQL Data Warehouse, learn how to quickly [create a SQL Data Warehouse][create a SQL Data Warehouse] and [load sample data][load sample data].</span></span>

<!--Image references-->

<!--Article references-->
[load sample data]: ./sql-data-warehouse-load-sample-databases.md
[create a SQL Data Warehouse]: ./sql-data-warehouse-get-started-provision.md

<!--MSDN references-->

<!--Other web references-->
