---
title: Best practices for Azure SQL Data Warehouse | Microsoft Docs
description: Recommendations and best practices you should know as you develop solutions for Azure SQL Data Warehouse. These will help you be successful.
services: sql-data-warehouse
documentationcenter: NA
author: barbkess
manager: jhubbard
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 7b698cad-b152-4d33-97f5-5155dfa60f79
ms.service: sql-data-warehouse
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-services
ms.custom: performance
ms.date: 10/31/2016
ms.author: barbkess
ms.openlocfilehash: aac6261cd3e8a8d6775c44dc6e3b279db4474ff8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44548795"
---
# <a name="best-practices-for-azure-sql-data-warehouse"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-104">Best practices for Azure SQL Data Warehouse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-104">Best practices for Azure SQL Data Warehouse</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-105">This article is a collection of many best practices that will help you to achieve optimal performance from your Azure SQL Data Warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-105">This article is a collection of many best practices that will help you to achieve optimal performance from your Azure SQL Data Warehouse.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-106">Some of the concepts in this article are basic and easy to explain, other concepts are more advanced and we just scratch the surface in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-106">Some of the concepts in this article are basic and easy to explain, other concepts are more advanced and we just scratch the surface in this article.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-107">The purpose of this article is to give you some basic guidance and to raise awareness of important areas to focus as you build your data warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-107">The purpose of this article is to give you some basic guidance and to raise awareness of important areas to focus as you build your data warehouse.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-108">Each section introduces you to a concept and then point you to more detailed articles which cover the concept in more depth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-108">Each section introduces you to a concept and then point you to more detailed articles which cover the concept in more depth.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-109">If you are just getting started with Azure SQL Data Warehouse, do not let this article overwhelm you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-109">If you are just getting started with Azure SQL Data Warehouse, do not let this article overwhelm you.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-110">The sequence of the topics is mostly in the order of importance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-110">The sequence of the topics is mostly in the order of importance.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-111">If you start by focusing on the first few concepts, you'll be in good shape.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-111">If you start by focusing on the first few concepts, you'll be in good shape.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-112">As you get more familiar and comfortable with using SQL Date Warehouse, come back and look at a few more concepts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-112">As you get more familiar and comfortable with using SQL Date Warehouse, come back and look at a few more concepts.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-113">It won't take long for everything to make sense.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-113">It won't take long for everything to make sense.</span></span>

## <a name="reduce-cost-with-pause-and-scale"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-114">Reduce cost with pause and scale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-114">Reduce cost with pause and scale</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-115">A key feature of SQL Data Warehouse is the ability to pause when you are not using it, which stops the billing of compute resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-115">A key feature of SQL Data Warehouse is the ability to pause when you are not using it, which stops the billing of compute resources.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-116">Another key feature is the ability to scale resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-116">Another key feature is the ability to scale resources.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-117">Pausing and Scaling can be done via the Azure portal or through PowerShell commands.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-117">Pausing and Scaling can be done via the Azure portal or through PowerShell commands.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-118">Become familiar with these features as they can greatly reduce the cost of your data warehouse when it is not in use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-118">Become familiar with these features as they can greatly reduce the cost of your data warehouse when it is not in use.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-119">If you always want your data warehouse accessible, you may want to consider scaling it down to the smallest size, a DW100 rather than pausing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-119">If you always want your data warehouse accessible, you may want to consider scaling it down to the smallest size, a DW100 rather than pausing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-120">See also [Pause compute resources][Pause compute resources], [Resume compute resources][Resume compute resources], [Scale compute resources].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-120">See also [Pause compute resources][Pause compute resources], [Resume compute resources][Resume compute resources], [Scale compute resources].</span></span>

## <a name="drain-transactions-before-pausing-or-scaling"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-121">Drain transactions before pausing or scaling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-121">Drain transactions before pausing or scaling</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-122">When you pause or scale your SQL Data Warehouse, behind the scenes your queries are canceled when you initiate the pause or scale request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-122">When you pause or scale your SQL Data Warehouse, behind the scenes your queries are canceled when you initiate the pause or scale request.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-123">Canceling a simple SELECT query is a quick operation and has almost no impact to the time it takes to pause or scale your instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-123">Canceling a simple SELECT query is a quick operation and has almost no impact to the time it takes to pause or scale your instance.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-124">However, transactional queries, which modify your data or the structure of the data, may not be able to stop quickly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-124">However, transactional queries, which modify your data or the structure of the data, may not be able to stop quickly.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-125">**Transactional queries, by definition, must either complete in their entirety or rollback their changes.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-125">**Transactional queries, by definition, must either complete in their entirety or rollback their changes.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-126">Rolling back the work completed by a transactional query can take as long, or even longer, than the original change the query was applying.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-126">Rolling back the work completed by a transactional query can take as long, or even longer, than the original change the query was applying.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-127">For example, if you cancel a query which was deleting rows and has already been running for an hour, it could take the system an hour to insert back the rows which were deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-127">For example, if you cancel a query which was deleting rows and has already been running for an hour, it could take the system an hour to insert back the rows which were deleted.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-128">If you run pause or scaling while transactions are in flight, your pause or scaling may seem to take a long time because pausing and scaling has to wait for the rollback to complete before it can proceed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-128">If you run pause or scaling while transactions are in flight, your pause or scaling may seem to take a long time because pausing and scaling has to wait for the rollback to complete before it can proceed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-129">See also [Understanding transactions][Understanding transactions], [Optimizing transactions][Optimizing transactions]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-129">See also [Understanding transactions][Understanding transactions], [Optimizing transactions][Optimizing transactions]</span></span>

## <a name="maintain-statistics"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-130">Maintain statistics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-130">Maintain statistics</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-131">Unlike SQL Server, which automatically detects and creates or updates statistics on columns, SQL Data Warehouse requires manual maintenance of statistics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-131">Unlike SQL Server, which automatically detects and creates or updates statistics on columns, SQL Data Warehouse requires manual maintenance of statistics.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-132">While we do plan to change this in the future, for now you will want to maintain your statistics to ensure that the SQL Data Warehouse plans are optimized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-132">While we do plan to change this in the future, for now you will want to maintain your statistics to ensure that the SQL Data Warehouse plans are optimized.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-133">The plans created by the optimizer are only as good as the available statistics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-133">The plans created by the optimizer are only as good as the available statistics.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-134">**Creating sampled statistics on every column is an easy way to get started with statistics.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-134">**Creating sampled statistics on every column is an easy way to get started with statistics.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-135">It's equally important to update statistics as significant changes happen to your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-135">It's equally important to update statistics as significant changes happen to your data.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-136">A conservative approach may be to update your statistics daily or after each load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-136">A conservative approach may be to update your statistics daily or after each load.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-137">There are always trade-offs between performance and the cost to create and update statistics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-137">There are always trade-offs between performance and the cost to create and update statistics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="09062-138">If you find it is taking too long to maintain all of your statistics, you may want to try to be more selective about which columns have statistics or which columns need frequent updating.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-138">If you find it is taking too long to maintain all of your statistics, you may want to try to be more selective about which columns have statistics or which columns need frequent updating.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-139">For example, you might want to update date columns, where new values may be added, daily.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-139">For example, you might want to update date columns, where new values may be added, daily.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="09062-140">**You will gain the most benefit by having statistics on columns involved in joins, columns used in the WHERE clause and columns found in GROUP BY.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-140">**You will gain the most benefit by having statistics on columns involved in joins, columns used in the WHERE clause and columns found in GROUP BY.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-141">See also [Manage table statistics][Manage table statistics], [CREATE STATISTICS][CREATE STATISTICS], [UPDATE STATISTICS][UPDATE STATISTICS]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-141">See also [Manage table statistics][Manage table statistics], [CREATE STATISTICS][CREATE STATISTICS], [UPDATE STATISTICS][UPDATE STATISTICS]</span></span>

## <a name="group-insert-statements-into-batches"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-142">Group INSERT statements into batches</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-142">Group INSERT statements into batches</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-143">A one-time load to a small table with an INSERT statement or even a periodic reload of a look-up may perform just fine for your needs with a statement like `INSERT INTO MyLookup VALUES (1, 'Type 1')`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-143">A one-time load to a small table with an INSERT statement or even a periodic reload of a look-up may perform just fine for your needs with a statement like `INSERT INTO MyLookup VALUES (1, 'Type 1')`.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-144">However, if you need to load thousands or millions of rows throughout the day, you might find that singleton INSERTS just can't keep up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-144">However, if you need to load thousands or millions of rows throughout the day, you might find that singleton INSERTS just can't keep up.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-145">Instead, develop your processes so that they write to a file and another process periodically comes along and loads this file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-145">Instead, develop your processes so that they write to a file and another process periodically comes along and loads this file.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-146">See also [INSERT][INSERT]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-146">See also [INSERT][INSERT]</span></span>

## <a name="use-polybase-to-load-and-export-data-quickly"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-147">Use PolyBase to load and export data quickly</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-147">Use PolyBase to load and export data quickly</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-148">SQL Data Warehouse supports loading and exporting data through several tools including Azure Data Factory, PolyBase, and BCP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-148">SQL Data Warehouse supports loading and exporting data through several tools including Azure Data Factory, PolyBase, and BCP.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-149">For small amounts of data where performance isn't critical, any tool may be sufficient for your needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-149">For small amounts of data where performance isn't critical, any tool may be sufficient for your needs.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-150">However, when you are loading or exporting large volumes of data or fast performance is needed, PolyBase is the best choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-150">However, when you are loading or exporting large volumes of data or fast performance is needed, PolyBase is the best choice.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-151">PolyBase is designed to leverage the MPP (Massively Parallel Processing) architecture of SQL Data Warehouse and will therefore load and export data magnitudes faster than any other tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-151">PolyBase is designed to leverage the MPP (Massively Parallel Processing) architecture of SQL Data Warehouse and will therefore load and export data magnitudes faster than any other tool.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-152">PolyBase loads can be run using CTAS or INSERT INTO.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-152">PolyBase loads can be run using CTAS or INSERT INTO.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-153">**Using CTAS will minimize transaction logging and the fastest way to load your data.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-153">**Using CTAS will minimize transaction logging and the fastest way to load your data.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-154">Azure Data Factory also supports PolyBase loads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-154">Azure Data Factory also supports PolyBase loads.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-155">PolyBase supports a variety of file formats including Gzip files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-155">PolyBase supports a variety of file formats including Gzip files.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-156">**To maximize throughput when using gzip text files, break files up into 60 or more files to maximize parallelism of your load.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-156">**To maximize throughput when using gzip text files, break files up into 60 or more files to maximize parallelism of your load.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-157">For faster total throughput, consider loading data concurrently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-157">For faster total throughput, consider loading data concurrently.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-158">See also [Load data][Load data], [Guide for using PolyBase][Guide for using PolyBase], [Azure SQL Data Warehouse loading patterns and strategies][Azure SQL Data Warehouse loading patterns and strategies], [Load Data with Azure Data Factory][Load Data with Azure Data Factory], [Move data with Azure Data Factory][Move data with Azure Data Factory], [CREATE EXTERNAL FILE FORMAT][CREATE EXTERNAL FILE FORMAT], [Create table as select (CTAS)][Create table as select (CTAS)]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-158">See also [Load data][Load data], [Guide for using PolyBase][Guide for using PolyBase], [Azure SQL Data Warehouse loading patterns and strategies][Azure SQL Data Warehouse loading patterns and strategies], [Load Data with Azure Data Factory][Load Data with Azure Data Factory], [Move data with Azure Data Factory][Move data with Azure Data Factory], [CREATE EXTERNAL FILE FORMAT][CREATE EXTERNAL FILE FORMAT], [Create table as select (CTAS)][Create table as select (CTAS)]</span></span>

## <a name="load-then-query-external-tables"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-159">Load then query external tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-159">Load then query external tables</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-160">While Polybase, also known as external tables, can be the fastest way to load data, it is not optimal for queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-160">While Polybase, also known as external tables, can be the fastest way to load data, it is not optimal for queries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="09062-161">SQL Data Warehouse Polybase tables currently only support Azure blob files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-161">SQL Data Warehouse Polybase tables currently only support Azure blob files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="09062-162">These files do not have any compute resources backing them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-162">These files do not have any compute resources backing them.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-163">As a result, SQL Data Warehouse cannot offload this work and therefore must read the entire file by loading it to tempdb in order to read the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-163">As a result, SQL Data Warehouse cannot offload this work and therefore must read the entire file by loading it to tempdb in order to read the data.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-164">Therefore, if you have several queries that will be querying this data, it is better to load this data once and have queries use the local table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-164">Therefore, if you have several queries that will be querying this data, it is better to load this data once and have queries use the local table.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-165">See also [Guide for using PolyBase][Guide for using PolyBase]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-165">See also [Guide for using PolyBase][Guide for using PolyBase]</span></span>

## <a name="hash-distribute-large-tables"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-166">Hash distribute large tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-166">Hash distribute large tables</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-167">By default, tables are Round Robin distributed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-167">By default, tables are Round Robin distributed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-168">This makes it easy for users to get started creating tables without having to decide how their tables should be distributed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-168">This makes it easy for users to get started creating tables without having to decide how their tables should be distributed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-169">Round Robin tables may perform sufficiently for some workloads, but in most cases selecting a distribution column will perform much better.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-169">Round Robin tables may perform sufficiently for some workloads, but in most cases selecting a distribution column will perform much better.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-170">The most common example of when a table distributed by a column will far outperform a Round Robin table is when two large fact tables are joined.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-170">The most common example of when a table distributed by a column will far outperform a Round Robin table is when two large fact tables are joined.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-171">For example, if you have an orders table, which is distributed by order_id, and a transactions table, which is also distributed by order_id, when you join your orders table to your transactions table on order_id, this query becomes a pass-through query, which means we eliminate data movement operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-171">For example, if you have an orders table, which is distributed by order_id, and a transactions table, which is also distributed by order_id, when you join your orders table to your transactions table on order_id, this query becomes a pass-through query, which means we eliminate data movement operations.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-172">Fewer steps mean a faster query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-172">Fewer steps mean a faster query.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-173">Less data movement also makes for faster queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-173">Less data movement also makes for faster queries.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-174">This explanation just scratches the surface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-174">This explanation just scratches the surface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="09062-175">When loading a distributed table, be sure that your incoming data is not sorted on the distribution key as this will slow down your loads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-175">When loading a distributed table, be sure that your incoming data is not sorted on the distribution key as this will slow down your loads.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-176">See the below links for much more details on how selecting a distribution column can improve performance as well as how to define a distributed table in the WITH clause of your CREATE TABLES statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-176">See the below links for much more details on how selecting a distribution column can improve performance as well as how to define a distributed table in the WITH clause of your CREATE TABLES statement.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-177">See also [Table overview][Table overview], [Table distribution][Table distribution], [Selecting table distribution][Selecting table distribution], [CREATE TABLE][CREATE TABLE], [CREATE TABLE AS SELECT][CREATE TABLE AS SELECT]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-177">See also [Table overview][Table overview], [Table distribution][Table distribution], [Selecting table distribution][Selecting table distribution], [CREATE TABLE][CREATE TABLE], [CREATE TABLE AS SELECT][CREATE TABLE AS SELECT]</span></span>

## <a name="do-not-over-partition"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-178">Do not over-partition</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-178">Do not over-partition</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-179">While partitioning data can be very effective for maintaining your data through partition switching or optimizing scans by with partition elimination, having too many partitions can slow down your queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-179">While partitioning data can be very effective for maintaining your data through partition switching or optimizing scans by with partition elimination, having too many partitions can slow down your queries.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-180">Often a high granularity partitioning strategy which may work well on SQL Server may not work well on SQL Data Warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-180">Often a high granularity partitioning strategy which may work well on SQL Server may not work well on SQL Data Warehouse.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-181">Having too many partitions can also reduce the effectiveness of clustered columnstore indexes if each partition has fewer than 1 million rows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-181">Having too many partitions can also reduce the effectiveness of clustered columnstore indexes if each partition has fewer than 1 million rows.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-182">Keep in mind that behind the scenes, SQL Data Warehouse partitions your data for you into 60 databases, so if you create a table with 100 partitions, this actually results in 6000 partitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-182">Keep in mind that behind the scenes, SQL Data Warehouse partitions your data for you into 60 databases, so if you create a table with 100 partitions, this actually results in 6000 partitions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-183">Each workload is different so the best advice is to experiment with partitioning to see what works best for your workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-183">Each workload is different so the best advice is to experiment with partitioning to see what works best for your workload.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-184">Consider lower granularity than what may have worked for you in SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-184">Consider lower granularity than what may have worked for you in SQL Server.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-185">For example, consider using weekly or monthly partitions rather than daily partitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-185">For example, consider using weekly or monthly partitions rather than daily partitions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-186">See also [Table partitioning][Table partitioning]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-186">See also [Table partitioning][Table partitioning]</span></span>

## <a name="minimize-transaction-sizes"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-187">Minimize transaction sizes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-187">Minimize transaction sizes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-188">INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements run in a transaction and when they fail they must be rolled back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-188">INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements run in a transaction and when they fail they must be rolled back.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-189">To minimize the potential for a long rollback, minimize transaction sizes whenever possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-189">To minimize the potential for a long rollback, minimize transaction sizes whenever possible.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-190">This can be done by dividing INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements into parts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-190">This can be done by dividing INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements into parts.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-191">For example, if you have an INSERT which you expect to take 1 hour, if possible, break the INSERT up into 4 parts, which will each run in 15 minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-191">For example, if you have an INSERT which you expect to take 1 hour, if possible, break the INSERT up into 4 parts, which will each run in 15 minutes.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-192">Leverage special Minimal Logging cases, like CTAS, TRUNCATE, DROP TABLE or INSERT to empty tables, to reduce rollback risk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-192">Leverage special Minimal Logging cases, like CTAS, TRUNCATE, DROP TABLE or INSERT to empty tables, to reduce rollback risk.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-193">Another way to eliminate rollbacks is to use Metadata Only operations like partition switching for data management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-193">Another way to eliminate rollbacks is to use Metadata Only operations like partition switching for data management.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-194">For example, rather than execute a DELETE statement to delete all rows in a table where the order_date was in October of 2001, you could partition your data monthly and then switch out the partition with data for an empty partition from another table (see ALTER TABLE examples).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-194">For example, rather than execute a DELETE statement to delete all rows in a table where the order_date was in October of 2001, you could partition your data monthly and then switch out the partition with data for an empty partition from another table (see ALTER TABLE examples).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-195">For unpartitioned tables consider using a CTAS to write the data you want to keep in a table rather than using DELETE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-195">For unpartitioned tables consider using a CTAS to write the data you want to keep in a table rather than using DELETE.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-196">If a CTAS takes the same amount of time, it is a much safer operation to run as it has very minimal transaction logging and can be canceled quickly if needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-196">If a CTAS takes the same amount of time, it is a much safer operation to run as it has very minimal transaction logging and can be canceled quickly if needed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-197">See also [Understanding transactions][Understanding transactions], [Optimizing transactions][Optimizing transactions], [Table partitioning][Table partitioning], [TRUNCATE TABLE][TRUNCATE TABLE], [ALTER TABLE][ALTER TABLE], [Create table as select (CTAS)][Create table as select (CTAS)]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-197">See also [Understanding transactions][Understanding transactions], [Optimizing transactions][Optimizing transactions], [Table partitioning][Table partitioning], [TRUNCATE TABLE][TRUNCATE TABLE], [ALTER TABLE][ALTER TABLE], [Create table as select (CTAS)][Create table as select (CTAS)]</span></span>

## <a name="use-the-smallest-possible-column-size"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-198">Use the smallest possible column size</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-198">Use the smallest possible column size</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-199">When defining your DDL, using the smallest data type which will support your data will improve query performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-199">When defining your DDL, using the smallest data type which will support your data will improve query performance.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-200">This is especially important for CHAR and VARCHAR columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-200">This is especially important for CHAR and VARCHAR columns.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-201">If the longest value in a column is 25 characters, then define your column as VARCHAR(25).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-201">If the longest value in a column is 25 characters, then define your column as VARCHAR(25).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-202">Avoid defining all character columns to a large default length.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-202">Avoid defining all character columns to a large default length.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-203">In addition, define columns as VARCHAR when that is all that is needed rather than use NVARCHAR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-203">In addition, define columns as VARCHAR when that is all that is needed rather than use NVARCHAR.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-204">See also [Table overview][Table overview], [Table data types][Table data types], [CREATE TABLE][CREATE TABLE]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-204">See also [Table overview][Table overview], [Table data types][Table data types], [CREATE TABLE][CREATE TABLE]</span></span>

## <a name="use-temporary-heap-tables-for-transient-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-205">Use temporary heap tables for transient data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-205">Use temporary heap tables for transient data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-206">When you are temporarily landing data on SQL Data Warehouse, you may find that using a heap table will make the overall process faster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-206">When you are temporarily landing data on SQL Data Warehouse, you may find that using a heap table will make the overall process faster.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-207">If you are loading data only to stage it before running more transformations, loading the table to heap table will be much faster than loading the data to a clustered columnstore table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-207">If you are loading data only to stage it before running more transformations, loading the table to heap table will be much faster than loading the data to a clustered columnstore table.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-208">In addition, loading data to a temp table will also load much faster than loading a table to permanent storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-208">In addition, loading data to a temp table will also load much faster than loading a table to permanent storage.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-209">Temporary tables start with a "#" and are only accessible by the session which created it, so they may only work in limited scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-209">Temporary tables start with a "#" and are only accessible by the session which created it, so they may only work in limited scenarios.</span></span>   <span data-ttu-id="09062-210">Heap tables are defined in the WITH clause of a CREATE TABLE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-210">Heap tables are defined in the WITH clause of a CREATE TABLE.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-211">If you do use a temporary table, remember to create statistics on that temporary table too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-211">If you do use a temporary table, remember to create statistics on that temporary table too.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-212">See also [Temporary tables][Temporary tables], [CREATE TABLE][CREATE TABLE], [CREATE TABLE AS SELECT][CREATE TABLE AS SELECT]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-212">See also [Temporary tables][Temporary tables], [CREATE TABLE][CREATE TABLE], [CREATE TABLE AS SELECT][CREATE TABLE AS SELECT]</span></span>

## <a name="optimize-clustered-columnstore-tables"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-213">Optimize clustered columnstore tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-213">Optimize clustered columnstore tables</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-214">Clustered columnstore indexes are one of the most efficient ways you can store your data in Azure SQL Data Warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-214">Clustered columnstore indexes are one of the most efficient ways you can store your data in Azure SQL Data Warehouse.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-215">By default, tables in SQL Data Warehouse are created as Clustered ColumnStore.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-215">By default, tables in SQL Data Warehouse are created as Clustered ColumnStore.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-216">To get the best performance for queries on columnstore tables, having good segment quality is important.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-216">To get the best performance for queries on columnstore tables, having good segment quality is important.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-217">When rows are written to columnstore tables under memory pressure, columnstore segment quality may suffer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-217">When rows are written to columnstore tables under memory pressure, columnstore segment quality may suffer.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-218">Segment quality can be measured by number of rows in a compressed Row Group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-218">Segment quality can be measured by number of rows in a compressed Row Group.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-219">See the [Causes of poor columnstore index quality][Causes of poor columnstore index quality] in the [Table indexes][Table indexes] article for step by step instructions on detecting and improving segment quality for clustered columnstore tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-219">See the [Causes of poor columnstore index quality][Causes of poor columnstore index quality] in the [Table indexes][Table indexes] article for step by step instructions on detecting and improving segment quality for clustered columnstore tables.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-220">Because high quality columnstore segments is important, it's a good idea to use users ids which are in the medium or large resource class for loading data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-220">Because high quality columnstore segments is important, it's a good idea to use users ids which are in the medium or large resource class for loading data.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-221">The fewer DWUs you use, the larger the resource class you will want to assign to your loading user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-221">The fewer DWUs you use, the larger the resource class you will want to assign to your loading user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-222">Since columnstore tables generally won't push data into a compressed columnstore segment until there are more than 1 million rows per table and each SQL Data Warehouse table is partitioned into 60 tables, as a rule of thumb, columnstore tables won't benefit a query unless the table has more than 60 million rows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-222">Since columnstore tables generally won't push data into a compressed columnstore segment until there are more than 1 million rows per table and each SQL Data Warehouse table is partitioned into 60 tables, as a rule of thumb, columnstore tables won't benefit a query unless the table has more than 60 million rows.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-223">For table with less than 60 million rows, it may not make any sense to have a columnstore index.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-223">For table with less than 60 million rows, it may not make any sense to have a columnstore index.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-224">It also may not hurt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-224">It also may not hurt.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-225">Furthermore, if you partition your data, then you will want to consider that each partition will need to have 1 million rows to benefit from a clustered columnstore index.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-225">Furthermore, if you partition your data, then you will want to consider that each partition will need to have 1 million rows to benefit from a clustered columnstore index.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-226">If a table has 100 partitions, then it will need to have at least 6 billion rows to benefit from a clustered columns store (60 distributions \* 100 partitions \* 1 million rows).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-226">If a table has 100 partitions, then it will need to have at least 6 billion rows to benefit from a clustered columns store (60 distributions \* 100 partitions \* 1 million rows).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-227">If your table does not have 6 billion rows in this example, either reduce the number of partitions or consider using a heap table instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-227">If your table does not have 6 billion rows in this example, either reduce the number of partitions or consider using a heap table instead.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-228">It also may be worth experimenting to see if better performance can be gained with a heap table with secondary indexes rather than a columnstore table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-228">It also may be worth experimenting to see if better performance can be gained with a heap table with secondary indexes rather than a columnstore table.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-229">Columnstore tables do not yet support secondary indexes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-229">Columnstore tables do not yet support secondary indexes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-230">When querying a columnstore table, queries will run faster if you select only the columns you need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-230">When querying a columnstore table, queries will run faster if you select only the columns you need.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="09062-231">See also [Table indexes][Table indexes], [Columnstore indexes guide][Columnstore indexes guide], [Rebuilding columnstore indexes][Rebuilding columnstore indexes]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-231">See also [Table indexes][Table indexes], [Columnstore indexes guide][Columnstore indexes guide], [Rebuilding columnstore indexes][Rebuilding columnstore indexes]</span></span>

## <a name="use-larger-resource-class-to-improve-query-performance"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-232">Use larger resource class to improve query performance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-232">Use larger resource class to improve query performance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-233">SQL Data Warehouse uses resource groups as a way to allocate memory to queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-233">SQL Data Warehouse uses resource groups as a way to allocate memory to queries.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-234">Out of the box, all users are assigned to the small resource class which grants 100 MB of memory per distribution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-234">Out of the box, all users are assigned to the small resource class which grants 100 MB of memory per distribution.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-235">Since there are always 60 distributions and each distribution is given a minimum of 100 MB, system wide the total memory allocation is 6,000 MB, or just under 6 GB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-235">Since there are always 60 distributions and each distribution is given a minimum of 100 MB, system wide the total memory allocation is 6,000 MB, or just under 6 GB.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-236">Certain queries, like large joins or loads to clustered columnstore tables, will benefit from larger memory allocations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-236">Certain queries, like large joins or loads to clustered columnstore tables, will benefit from larger memory allocations.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-237">Some queries, like pure scans, will see no benefit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-237">Some queries, like pure scans, will see no benefit.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-238">On the flip side, utilizing larger resource classes impacts concurrency, so you will want to take this into consideration before moving all of your users to a large resource class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-238">On the flip side, utilizing larger resource classes impacts concurrency, so you will want to take this into consideration before moving all of your users to a large resource class.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-239">See also [Concurrency and workload management][Concurrency and workload management]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-239">See also [Concurrency and workload management][Concurrency and workload management]</span></span>

## <a name="use-smaller-resource-class-to-increase-concurrency"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-240">Use Smaller Resource Class to Increase Concurrency</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-240">Use Smaller Resource Class to Increase Concurrency</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-241">If you are noticing that user queries seem to have a long delay, it could be that your users are running in larger resource classes and are consuming a lot of concurrency slots causing other queries to queue up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-241">If you are noticing that user queries seem to have a long delay, it could be that your users are running in larger resource classes and are consuming a lot of concurrency slots causing other queries to queue up.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-242">To see if users queries are queued, run `SELECT * FROM sys.dm_pdw_waits` to see if any rows are returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-242">To see if users queries are queued, run `SELECT * FROM sys.dm_pdw_waits` to see if any rows are returned.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-243">See also [Concurrency and workload management][Concurrency and workload management], [sys.dm_pdw_waits][sys.dm_pdw_waits]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-243">See also [Concurrency and workload management][Concurrency and workload management], [sys.dm_pdw_waits][sys.dm_pdw_waits]</span></span>

## <a name="use-dmvs-to-monitor-and-optimize-your-queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-244">Use DMVs to monitor and optimize your queries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-244">Use DMVs to monitor and optimize your queries</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-245">SQL Data Warehouse has several DMVs which can be used to monitor query execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-245">SQL Data Warehouse has several DMVs which can be used to monitor query execution.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-246">The monitoring article below walks through step-by-step instructions on how to look at the details of an executing query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-246">The monitoring article below walks through step-by-step instructions on how to look at the details of an executing query.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-247">To quickly find queries in these DMVs, using the LABEL option with your queries can help.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-247">To quickly find queries in these DMVs, using the LABEL option with your queries can help.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-248">See also [Monitor your workload using DMVs][Monitor your workload using DMVs], [LABEL][LABEL], [OPTION][OPTION], [sys.dm_exec_sessions][sys.dm_exec_sessions], [sys.dm_pdw_exec_requests][sys.dm_pdw_exec_requests], [sys.dm_pdw_request_steps][sys.dm_pdw_request_steps], [sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests][sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests], [sys.dm_pdw_dms_workers], [DBCC PDW_SHOWEXECUTIONPLAN][DBCC PDW_SHOWEXECUTIONPLAN], [sys.dm_pdw_waits][sys.dm_pdw_waits]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-248">See also [Monitor your workload using DMVs][Monitor your workload using DMVs], [LABEL][LABEL], [OPTION][OPTION], [sys.dm_exec_sessions][sys.dm_exec_sessions], [sys.dm_pdw_exec_requests][sys.dm_pdw_exec_requests], [sys.dm_pdw_request_steps][sys.dm_pdw_request_steps], [sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests][sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests], [sys.dm_pdw_dms_workers], [DBCC PDW_SHOWEXECUTIONPLAN][DBCC PDW_SHOWEXECUTIONPLAN], [sys.dm_pdw_waits][sys.dm_pdw_waits]</span></span>

## <a name="other-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="09062-249">Other resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-249">Other resources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="09062-250">Also see our [Troubleshooting][Troubleshooting] article for common issues and solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-250">Also see our [Troubleshooting][Troubleshooting] article for common issues and solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-251">If you didn't find what you were looking for in this article, try using the "Search for docs" on the left side of this page to search all of the Azure SQL Data Warehouse documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-251">If you didn't find what you were looking for in this article, try using the "Search for docs" on the left side of this page to search all of the Azure SQL Data Warehouse documents.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-252">The [Azure SQL Data Warehouse MSDN Forum][Azure SQL Data Warehouse MSDN Forum] was create as a place for you to ask questions to other users and to the SQL Data Warehouse Product Group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-252">The [Azure SQL Data Warehouse MSDN Forum][Azure SQL Data Warehouse MSDN Forum] was create as a place for you to ask questions to other users and to the SQL Data Warehouse Product Group.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-253">We actively monitor this forum to ensure that your questions are answered either by another user or one of us.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-253">We actively monitor this forum to ensure that your questions are answered either by another user or one of us.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-254">If you prefer to ask your questions on Stack Overflow, we also have an [Azure SQL Data Warehouse Stack Overflow Forum][Azure SQL Data Warehouse Stack Overflow Forum].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-254">If you prefer to ask your questions on Stack Overflow, we also have an [Azure SQL Data Warehouse Stack Overflow Forum][Azure SQL Data Warehouse Stack Overflow Forum].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="09062-255">Finally, please do use the [Azure SQL Data Warehouse Feedback][Azure SQL Data Warehouse Feedback] page to make feature requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-255">Finally, please do use the [Azure SQL Data Warehouse Feedback][Azure SQL Data Warehouse Feedback] page to make feature requests.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="09062-256">Adding your requests or up-voting other requests really helps us prioritize features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="09062-256">Adding your requests or up-voting other requests really helps us prioritize features.</span></span>

<!--Image references-->

<!--Article references-->
[Create a support ticket]: ./sql-data-warehouse-get-started-create-support-ticket.md
[Concurrency and workload management]: ./sql-data-warehouse-develop-concurrency.md
[Create table as select (CTAS)]: ./sql-data-warehouse-develop-ctas.md
[Table overview]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-overview.md
[Table data types]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-data-types.md
[Table distribution]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-distribute.md
[Table indexes]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-index.md
[Causes of poor columnstore index quality]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-index.md#causes-of-poor-columnstore-index-quality
[Rebuilding columnstore indexes]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-index.md#rebuilding-indexes-to-improve-segment-quality
[Table partitioning]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-partition.md
[Manage table statistics]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-statistics.md
[Temporary tables]: ./sql-data-warehouse-tables-temporary.md
[Guide for using PolyBase]: ./sql-data-warehouse-load-polybase-guide.md
[Load data]: ./sql-data-warehouse-overview-load.md
[Move data with Azure Data Factory]: ../data-factory/data-factory-azure-sql-data-warehouse-connector.md
[Load data with Azure Data Factory]: ./sql-data-warehouse-get-started-load-with-azure-data-factory.md
[Load data with bcp]: ./sql-data-warehouse-load-with-bcp.md
[Load data with PolyBase]: ./sql-data-warehouse-get-started-load-with-polybase.md
[Monitor your workload using DMVs]: ./sql-data-warehouse-manage-monitor.md
[Pause compute resources]: ./sql-data-warehouse-manage-compute-overview.md#pause-compute-bk
[Resume compute resources]: ./sql-data-warehouse-manage-compute-overview.md#resume-compute-bk
[Scale compute resources]: ./sql-data-warehouse-manage-compute-overview.md#scale-compute
[Understanding transactions]: ./sql-data-warehouse-develop-transactions.md
[Optimizing transactions]: ./sql-data-warehouse-develop-best-practices-transactions.md
[Troubleshooting]: ./sql-data-warehouse-troubleshoot.md
[LABEL]: ./sql-data-warehouse-develop-label.md

<!--MSDN references-->
[ALTER TABLE]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms190273.aspx
[CREATE EXTERNAL FILE FORMAT]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn935026.aspx
[CREATE STATISTICS]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms188038.aspx
[CREATE TABLE]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt203953.aspx
[CREATE TABLE AS SELECT]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt204041.aspx
[DBCC PDW_SHOWEXECUTIONPLAN]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt204017.aspx
[INSERT]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms174335.aspx
[OPTION]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms190322.aspx
[TRUNCATE TABLE]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms177570.aspx
[UPDATE STATISTICS]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms187348.aspx
[sys.dm_exec_sessions]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms176013.aspx
[sys.dm_pdw_exec_requests]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt203887.aspx
[sys.dm_pdw_request_steps]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt203913.aspx
[sys.dm_pdw_sql_requests]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt203889.aspx
[sys.dm_pdw_dms_workers]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt203878.aspx
[sys.dm_pdw_waits]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt203893.aspx
[Columnstore indexes guide]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/gg492088.aspx

<!--Other Web references-->
[Selecting table distribution]: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/sqlcat/2015/08/11/choosing-hash-distributed-table-vs-round-robin-distributed-table-in-azure-sql-dw-service/
[Azure SQL Data Warehouse Feedback]: https://feedback.azure.com/forums/307516-sql-data-warehouse
[Azure SQL Data Warehouse MSDN Forum]: https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/sqlserver/home?forum=AzureSQLDataWarehouse
[Azure SQL Data Warehouse Stack Overflow Forum]:  http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-sqldw
[Azure SQL Data Warehouse loading patterns and strategies]: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/sqlcat/2016/02/06/azure-sql-data-warehouse-loading-patterns-and-strategies
