---
title: Speech Translation API Documentation | Microsoft Docs
titleSuffix: Cognitive Services
description: Use the Microsoft Translator Speech Translation API to add speech to speech and speech to text translation to your applications.
services: cognitive-services
author: Jann-Skotdal
manager: chriswendt1
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.component: translator-speech
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 3/5/2018
ms.author: v-jansko
ms.openlocfilehash: 15f27e6b5b2fd7384958a660156855fc65f4e558
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44857985"
---
# <a name="microsoft-translator-speech-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="6ad69-103">Microsoft Translator Speech API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-103">Microsoft Translator Speech API</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-104">The Microsoft Translator Speech API can be used to add end-to-end, real-time, speech translations to applications, tools, or any solution requiring multi-language speech translation regardless of the target OS or development languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-104">The Microsoft Translator Speech API can be used to add end-to-end, real-time, speech translations to applications, tools, or any solution requiring multi-language speech translation regardless of the target OS or development languages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-105">The API can be used for both speech to speech and speech to text translation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-105">The API can be used for both speech to speech and speech to text translation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-106">Microsoft Translator Text API is an Azure service, part of the [Microsoft Cognitive Services API collection](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/#pivot=products&panel=cognitive) of machine learning and AI algorithms in the cloud, readily consumable in your development projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-106">Microsoft Translator Text API is an Azure service, part of the [Microsoft Cognitive Services API collection](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/#pivot=products&panel=cognitive) of machine learning and AI algorithms in the cloud, readily consumable in your development projects.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-107">With the Microsoft Translator Speech API, client applications stream speech audio to the service and receive back a stream of text- and audio-based results, which include the recognized text in the source language and its translation in the target language.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-107">With the Microsoft Translator Speech API, client applications stream speech audio to the service and receive back a stream of text- and audio-based results, which include the recognized text in the source language and its translation in the target language.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-108">Text results are produced by applying Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) powered by deep neural networks to the incoming audio stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-108">Text results are produced by applying Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) powered by deep neural networks to the incoming audio stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-109">Raw ASR output is further improved by a new technique called TrueText to more closely reflect user intent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-109">Raw ASR output is further improved by a new technique called TrueText to more closely reflect user intent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-110">For example, TrueText removes disfluencies (the hmms and coughs), repeated words, and restores proper punctuation and capitalization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-110">For example, TrueText removes disfluencies (the hmms and coughs), repeated words, and restores proper punctuation and capitalization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-111">The ability to mask or exclude profanities is also included.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-111">The ability to mask or exclude profanities is also included.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-112">The recognition and translation engines are specifically trained to handle conversational speech.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-112">The recognition and translation engines are specifically trained to handle conversational speech.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-113">The Speech Translation service uses silence detection to determine the end of an utterance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-113">The Speech Translation service uses silence detection to determine the end of an utterance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-114">After a pause in voice activity, the service will stream back a final result for the completed utterance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-114">After a pause in voice activity, the service will stream back a final result for the completed utterance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-115">The service can also send back partial results, which give intermediate recognitions and translations for an utterance in progress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-115">The service can also send back partial results, which give intermediate recognitions and translations for an utterance in progress.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-116">For speech to speech translation, the service provides the ability to synthesize speech (text-to-speech) from the spoken text in the target languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-116">For speech to speech translation, the service provides the ability to synthesize speech (text-to-speech) from the spoken text in the target languages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-117">Text-to-speech audio is created in the format specified by the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-117">Text-to-speech audio is created in the format specified by the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-118">WAV and MP3 formats are available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-118">WAV and MP3 formats are available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-119">The Speech Translation API uses the WebSocket protocol to provide a full-duplex communication channel between the client and the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-119">The Speech Translation API uses the WebSocket protocol to provide a full-duplex communication channel between the client and the server.</span></span> 

## <a name="about-microsoft-translator"></a><span data-ttu-id="6ad69-120">About Microsoft Translator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-120">About Microsoft Translator</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-121">Microsoft Translator is a cloud-based machine translation service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-121">Microsoft Translator is a cloud-based machine translation service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-122">At the core of this service are the [Translator Text API] (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/translatorapi.aspx) and Translator Speech API which power various Microsoft products and services and are used by thousands of businesses worldwide in their applications and workflows, allowing their content to reach a worldwide audience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-122">At the core of this service are the [Translator Text API] (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/translatorapi.aspx) and Translator Speech API which power various Microsoft products and services and are used by thousands of businesses worldwide in their applications and workflows, allowing their content to reach a worldwide audience.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-123">Learn more about the [Microsoft Translator service](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/home.aspx)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-123">Learn more about the [Microsoft Translator service](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/home.aspx)</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-translator-neural-machine-translation-nmt"></a><span data-ttu-id="6ad69-124">Microsoft Translator Neural Machine Translation (NMT)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-124">Microsoft Translator Neural Machine Translation (NMT)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-125">The Microsoft Translator Speech API uses both the legacy statistical machine translation (SMT) and newer neural machine translation (NMT) to provide translations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-125">The Microsoft Translator Speech API uses both the legacy statistical machine translation (SMT) and newer neural machine translation (NMT) to provide translations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-126">Statistical machine translation has reached a plateau in terms of performance improvement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-126">Statistical machine translation has reached a plateau in terms of performance improvement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-127">Translation quality is no longer improving in any significant way for generic systems with SMT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-127">Translation quality is no longer improving in any significant way for generic systems with SMT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-128">A new AI-based translation technology is gaining momentum based on Neural Networks (NN).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-128">A new AI-based translation technology is gaining momentum based on Neural Networks (NN).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-129">NMT provides better translations not only from a raw translation quality scoring standpoint but also because sound more fluent, more human, than SMT ones.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-129">NMT provides better translations not only from a raw translation quality scoring standpoint but also because sound more fluent, more human, than SMT ones.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-130">The key reason for this fluidity is that NMT uses the full context of a sentence to translate words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-130">The key reason for this fluidity is that NMT uses the full context of a sentence to translate words.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-131">SMT only takes the immediate context of a few words before and after each word.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-131">SMT only takes the immediate context of a few words before and after each word.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-132">NMT models are at the core of the API and aren't visible to end users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-132">NMT models are at the core of the API and aren't visible to end users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-133">The only noticeable differences are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-133">The only noticeable differences are:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-134">The improved translation quality, especially for languages such as Chinese, Japanese, and Arabic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-134">The improved translation quality, especially for languages such as Chinese, Japanese, and Arabic</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-135">The incompatibility with the existing Hub customization features (for use with the Microsoft Translator Text API)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-135">The incompatibility with the existing Hub customization features (for use with the Microsoft Translator Text API)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-136">All of the supported speech translation languages are powered by NMT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-136">All of the supported speech translation languages are powered by NMT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-137">Therefore, all speech to speech translation uses NMT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-137">Therefore, all speech to speech translation uses NMT.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-138">Speech to text translation may use a combination of NMT and SMT depending on the language pair.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-138">Speech to text translation may use a combination of NMT and SMT depending on the language pair.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-139">If the target language is supported by NMT, the full translation is NMT-powered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-139">If the target language is supported by NMT, the full translation is NMT-powered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6ad69-140">If the target language isn't supported by NMT, the translation is a hybrid of NMT and SMT using English as a "pivot" between the two languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-140">If the target language isn't supported by NMT, the translation is a hybrid of NMT and SMT using English as a "pivot" between the two languages.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-141">View supported languages on [Microsoft.com](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/languages.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-141">View supported languages on [Microsoft.com](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/languages.aspx).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-142">Learn more about [how NMT works](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/mt.aspx#nnt)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-142">Learn more about [how NMT works](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/mt.aspx#nnt)</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="6ad69-143">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-143">Next steps</span></span>

> [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> [<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-144">Sign up</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-144">Sign up</span></span>](translator-speech-how-to-signup.md)

> [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> [<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-145">Start coding</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-145">Start coding</span></span>](quickstarts/csharp.md)

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="6ad69-146">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-146">See also</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-147">Cognitive Services Documentation page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-147">Cognitive Services Documentation page</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/#pivot=products&panel=cognitive)
- [<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-148">Cognitive Services Product page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-148">Cognitive Services Product page</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cognitive-services/)
- [<span data-ttu-id="6ad69-149">Solution and pricing information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6ad69-149">Solution and pricing information</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/home.aspx) 
