---
title: Security in Azure IoT Edge | Microsoft Docs
description: Security, authentication, and authorization of IoT Edge devices
author: kgremban
manager: timlt
ms.author: kgremban
ms.date: 10/05/2017
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: iot-edge
services: iot-edge
ms.openlocfilehash: f198efe9ff5e4862a3bbe872ab50e5848c9dbb5c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44857264"
---
# <a name="securing-azure-iot-edge"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-103">Securing Azure IoT Edge</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-103">Securing Azure IoT Edge</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-104">Securing the intelligent edge is necessary to confer confidence in the operation of an end to end IoT solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-104">Securing the intelligent edge is necessary to confer confidence in the operation of an end to end IoT solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d578c-105">Azure IoT Edge is designed for security that is extensible to different risk profiles, deployment scenarios, and offers the same protection that you expect from all Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-105">Azure IoT Edge is designed for security that is extensible to different risk profiles, deployment scenarios, and offers the same protection that you expect from all Azure services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-106">Azure IoT Edge runs on different hardware, supports both Linux and Windows, and is applicable to diverse deployment scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-106">Azure IoT Edge runs on different hardware, supports both Linux and Windows, and is applicable to diverse deployment scenarios.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-107">Assessed risk depends on many considerations including solution ownership, deployment geography, data sensitivity, privacy, application vertical, and regulatory requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-107">Assessed risk depends on many considerations including solution ownership, deployment geography, data sensitivity, privacy, application vertical, and regulatory requirements.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-108">Rather than offering concrete solutions to specific scenarios, it makes sense to design an extensible security framework based on well-grounded principles designed for scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-108">Rather than offering concrete solutions to specific scenarios, it makes sense to design an extensible security framework based on well-grounded principles designed for scale.</span></span> 
 
<span data-ttu-id="d578c-109">This article provides an overview of the security framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-109">This article provides an overview of the security framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d578c-110">For more information, see [Securing the intelligent edge][lnk-edge-blog].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-110">For more information, see [Securing the intelligent edge][lnk-edge-blog].</span></span>

## <a name="standards"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-111">Standards</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-111">Standards</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-112">Standards promote ease of scrutiny and ease of implementation, which are the hallmark of security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-112">Standards promote ease of scrutiny and ease of implementation, which are the hallmark of security.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-113">A well architected security solution should lend itself to scrutiny under evaluation to build trust and should not be a hurdle to deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-113">A well architected security solution should lend itself to scrutiny under evaluation to build trust and should not be a hurdle to deployment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-114">The design of the framework to secure Azure IoT Edge emanates from time-tested and industry proven security protocols to leverage familiarity and reuse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-114">The design of the framework to secure Azure IoT Edge emanates from time-tested and industry proven security protocols to leverage familiarity and reuse.</span></span> 

## <a name="authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-115">Authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-115">Authentication</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-116">Knowing without a doubt what actors, devices, and components are participating in the delivery of value through an end to end IoT solution is paramount in building trust.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-116">Knowing without a doubt what actors, devices, and components are participating in the delivery of value through an end to end IoT solution is paramount in building trust.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-117">Such knowledge offers secure accountability of participants to enabling basis for admission.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-117">Such knowledge offers secure accountability of participants to enabling basis for admission.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-118">Azure IoT Edge attains this knowledge through authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-118">Azure IoT Edge attains this knowledge through authentication.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-119">The primary mechanism for authentication for the Azure IoT Edge platform is certificate-based authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-119">The primary mechanism for authentication for the Azure IoT Edge platform is certificate-based authentication.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-120">This mechanism derives from a set of standards governing Public Key Infrastructure (PKiX) by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-120">This mechanism derives from a set of standards governing Public Key Infrastructure (PKiX) by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).</span></span>     

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-121">The Azure IoT Edge security framework calls for unique certificate identities for all devices, modules (containers that encapsulate logic within the device), and actors interacting with the Azure IoT Edge device be it physically or through a network connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-121">The Azure IoT Edge security framework calls for unique certificate identities for all devices, modules (containers that encapsulate logic within the device), and actors interacting with the Azure IoT Edge device be it physically or through a network connection.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-122">Not every scenario or component may lend itself to certificate-based authentication for which the extensibility of the security framework offers secure avenues for accommodation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-122">Not every scenario or component may lend itself to certificate-based authentication for which the extensibility of the security framework offers secure avenues for accommodation.</span></span> 

## <a name="authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-123">Authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-123">Authorization</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-124">The ability to delegate authority and control access is crucial towards achieving a fundamental security principle – the principle of least privilege.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-124">The ability to delegate authority and control access is crucial towards achieving a fundamental security principle – the principle of least privilege.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-125">Devices, modules, and actors may gain access only to resources and data within their permission scope and only when it is architecturally allowable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-125">Devices, modules, and actors may gain access only to resources and data within their permission scope and only when it is architecturally allowable.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-126">This means some permissions are configurable with sufficient privileges and others architecturally enforced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-126">This means some permissions are configurable with sufficient privileges and others architecturally enforced.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-127">For example, while a module may be authorized through privileged configuration to initiate a connection to Azure IoT Hub, there is no reason why a module in one Azure IoT Edge device should access the twin of a module in another Azure IoT Edge device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-127">For example, while a module may be authorized through privileged configuration to initiate a connection to Azure IoT Hub, there is no reason why a module in one Azure IoT Edge device should access the twin of a module in another Azure IoT Edge device.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-128">For this reason, the latter would be architecturally precluded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-128">For this reason, the latter would be architecturally precluded.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-129">Other authorization schemes include certificate signing rights, and role-based access control (RBAC).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-129">Other authorization schemes include certificate signing rights, and role-based access control (RBAC).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-130">The extensibility of the security framework permits adoption of other mature authorization schemes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-130">The extensibility of the security framework permits adoption of other mature authorization schemes.</span></span> 

## <a name="attestation"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-131">Attestation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-131">Attestation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-132">Attestation ensures the integrity of software bits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-132">Attestation ensures the integrity of software bits.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-133">It is important for the detection and prevention of malware.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-133">It is important for the detection and prevention of malware.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-134">The Azure IoT Edge security framework classifies attestation under three main categories:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-134">The Azure IoT Edge security framework classifies attestation under three main categories:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d578c-135">Static attestation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-135">Static attestation</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d578c-136">Runtime attestation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-136">Runtime attestation</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d578c-137">Software attestation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-137">Software attestation</span></span>

### <a name="static-attestation"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-138">Static attestation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-138">Static attestation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-139">Static attestation is the verification of the integrity of all software bits including the operating systems, all runtimes, and configuration information at device power-up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-139">Static attestation is the verification of the integrity of all software bits including the operating systems, all runtimes, and configuration information at device power-up.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-140">It is often referred to as secure boot.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-140">It is often referred to as secure boot.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-141">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge devices extends to silicon vendors and incorporates secure hardware ingrained capabilities to assure static attestation processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-141">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge devices extends to silicon vendors and incorporates secure hardware ingrained capabilities to assure static attestation processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d578c-142">These processes include secure boot and secure firmware upgrade processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-142">These processes include secure boot and secure firmware upgrade processes.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-143">Working in close collaboration with silicon vendors eliminates superfluous firmware layers thereby minimizing the threat surface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-143">Working in close collaboration with silicon vendors eliminates superfluous firmware layers thereby minimizing the threat surface.</span></span> 

### <a name="runtime-attestation"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-144">Runtime attestation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-144">Runtime attestation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-145">Once a system has completed a validated boot process and is up and running, well designed secure systems would detect attempts to inject malware through the systems ports and interfaces and take proper countermeasures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-145">Once a system has completed a validated boot process and is up and running, well designed secure systems would detect attempts to inject malware through the systems ports and interfaces and take proper countermeasures.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-146">For intelligent edge devices in physical custody of malicious actors, it is possible to inject malcontent through means other than device interfaces like tampering and side-channel attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-146">For intelligent edge devices in physical custody of malicious actors, it is possible to inject malcontent through means other than device interfaces like tampering and side-channel attacks.</span></span>   <span data-ttu-id="d578c-147">Such malcontent, which can be in the form of malware or unauthorized configuration changes, would normally not be detected by the secure boot process because they happen after the boot process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-147">Such malcontent, which can be in the form of malware or unauthorized configuration changes, would normally not be detected by the secure boot process because they happen after the boot process.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-148">Countermeasures offered or enforced by the device’s hardware greatly contributes towards warding off such threats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-148">Countermeasures offered or enforced by the device’s hardware greatly contributes towards warding off such threats.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-149">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge explicitly calls out for extensions for combatting runtime threats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-149">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge explicitly calls out for extensions for combatting runtime threats.</span></span>     

### <a name="software-attestation"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-150">Software attestation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-150">Software attestation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-151">All healthy systems including intelligent edge systems must be amenable to patches and upgrades.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-151">All healthy systems including intelligent edge systems must be amenable to patches and upgrades.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-152">Security is important for the update processes otherwise they can be potential threat vectors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-152">Security is important for the update processes otherwise they can be potential threat vectors.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-153">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge calls for updates through measured and signed packages to assure the integrity and authenticate the source of the packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-153">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge calls for updates through measured and signed packages to assure the integrity and authenticate the source of the packages.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-154">This is applicable to all operating systems and application software bits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-154">This is applicable to all operating systems and application software bits.</span></span> 

## <a name="hardware-root-of-trust"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-155">Hardware root of trust</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-155">Hardware root of trust</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-156">For many deployments of intelligent edge devices, especially those deployed in places where potential malicious actors have physical access to the device, security offered by the device hardware is the last defense for protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-156">For many deployments of intelligent edge devices, especially those deployed in places where potential malicious actors have physical access to the device, security offered by the device hardware is the last defense for protection.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-157">For this reason, anchoring trust in tamper resistant hardware is most crucial for such deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-157">For this reason, anchoring trust in tamper resistant hardware is most crucial for such deployments.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-158">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge entails collaboration of secure silicon hardware vendors to offer different flavors of hardware root of trust to accommodate various risk profiles and deployment scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-158">The security framework for Azure IoT Edge entails collaboration of secure silicon hardware vendors to offer different flavors of hardware root of trust to accommodate various risk profiles and deployment scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d578c-159">These include use of secure silicon adhering to common security protocol standards like Trusted Platform Module (ISO/IEC 11889) and Trusted Computing Group’s Device Identifier Composition Engine (DICE).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-159">These include use of secure silicon adhering to common security protocol standards like Trusted Platform Module (ISO/IEC 11889) and Trusted Computing Group’s Device Identifier Composition Engine (DICE).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-160">These also include secure enclave technologies like TrustZones and Software Guard Extensions (SGX).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-160">These also include secure enclave technologies like TrustZones and Software Guard Extensions (SGX).</span></span> 

## <a name="certification"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-161">Certification</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-161">Certification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-162">To help customers make informed decisions when procuring Azure IoT Edge devices for their deployment, the Azure IoT Edge framework includes certification requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-162">To help customers make informed decisions when procuring Azure IoT Edge devices for their deployment, the Azure IoT Edge framework includes certification requirements.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-163">Foundational to these requirements are certifications pertaining to security claims and certifications pertaining to validation of the security implementation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-163">Foundational to these requirements are certifications pertaining to security claims and certifications pertaining to validation of the security implementation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-164">For example, a security claim certification would inform that the IoT Edge device uses secure hardware known to resist boot attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-164">For example, a security claim certification would inform that the IoT Edge device uses secure hardware known to resist boot attacks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d578c-165">A validation certification would inform that the secure hardware was properly implemented to offer this value in the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-165">A validation certification would inform that the secure hardware was properly implemented to offer this value in the device.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-166">In keeping with the principle of simplicity, the framework offers the vision of keeping the burden of certification minimal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-166">In keeping with the principle of simplicity, the framework offers the vision of keeping the burden of certification minimal.</span></span>   

## <a name="extensibility"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-167">Extensibility</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-167">Extensibility</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-168">Extensibility is a first-class citizen in the Azure IoT Edge security framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-168">Extensibility is a first-class citizen in the Azure IoT Edge security framework.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-169">With IoT technology driving different types of business transformations, it stands to reason that security should seamlessly evolve in lockstep to address emerging scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-169">With IoT technology driving different types of business transformations, it stands to reason that security should seamlessly evolve in lockstep to address emerging scenarios.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-170">The Azure IoT Edge security framework starts with a solid foundation on which it builds in extensibility into different dimensions to include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-170">The Azure IoT Edge security framework starts with a solid foundation on which it builds in extensibility into different dimensions to include:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="d578c-171">First party security services like the Device Provisioning Service for Azure IoT Hub.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-171">First party security services like the Device Provisioning Service for Azure IoT Hub.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d578c-172">Third-party services like managed security services for different application verticals (like industrial or healthcare) or technology focus (like security monitoring in mesh networks or silicon hardware attestation services) through a rich network of partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-172">Third-party services like managed security services for different application verticals (like industrial or healthcare) or technology focus (like security monitoring in mesh networks or silicon hardware attestation services) through a rich network of partners.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d578c-173">Legacy systems to include retrofitting with alternate security strategies, like using secure technology other than certificates for authentication and identity management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-173">Legacy systems to include retrofitting with alternate security strategies, like using secure technology other than certificates for authentication and identity management.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d578c-174">Secure hardware for seamless adoption of emerging secure hardware technologies and silicon partner contributions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-174">Secure hardware for seamless adoption of emerging secure hardware technologies and silicon partner contributions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-175">These are just a few examples of dimensions for extensibility and Azure IoT Edge security framework is designed to be secure from the ground up to support this extensibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-175">These are just a few examples of dimensions for extensibility and Azure IoT Edge security framework is designed to be secure from the ground up to support this extensibility.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-176">In the end, the highest success in securing the intelligent edge results from collaborative contributions from an open community driven by the common interest in securing IoT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-176">In the end, the highest success in securing the intelligent edge results from collaborative contributions from an open community driven by the common interest in securing IoT.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-177">These contributions might be in the form of secure technologies or services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-177">These contributions might be in the form of secure technologies or services.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d578c-178">The Azure IoT Edge security framework offers a solid foundation for security that is extensible for the maximum coverage to offer the same level of trust and integrity in the intelligent edge as with Azure cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-178">The Azure IoT Edge security framework offers a solid foundation for security that is extensible for the maximum coverage to offer the same level of trust and integrity in the intelligent edge as with Azure cloud.</span></span>  

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="d578c-179">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-179">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d578c-180">Read more about how Azure IoT Edge is [Securing the intelligent edge][lnk-edge-blog].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d578c-180">Read more about how Azure IoT Edge is [Securing the intelligent edge][lnk-edge-blog].</span></span>

<!-- Links -->
[lnk-edge-blog]: https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/securing-the-intelligent-edge/ 