---
title: Azure AD Connect - LargeObject errors caused by userCertificate attribute | Microsoft Docs
description: This topic provides the remediation steps for LargeObject errors caused by userCertificate attribute.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: billmath
manager: mtillman
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 146ad5b3-74d9-4a83-b9e8-0973a19828d9
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 07/13/2017
ms.component: hybrid
ms.author: billmath
ms.custom: seohack1
ms.openlocfilehash: 9866454735b33239a812dca238006299c74e5ae2
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44870860"
---
# <a name="azure-ad-connect-sync-handling-largeobject-errors-caused-by-usercertificate-attribute"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-103">Azure AD Connect sync: Handling LargeObject errors caused by userCertificate attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-103">Azure AD Connect sync: Handling LargeObject errors caused by userCertificate attribute</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-104">Azure AD enforces a maximum limit of **15** certificate values on the **userCertificate** attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-104">Azure AD enforces a maximum limit of **15** certificate values on the **userCertificate** attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-105">If Azure AD Connect exports an object with more than 15 values to Azure AD, Azure AD returns a **LargeObject** error with message:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-105">If Azure AD Connect exports an object with more than 15 values to Azure AD, Azure AD returns a **LargeObject** error with message:</span></span>

><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-106">*"The provisioned object is too large. Trim the number of attribute values on this object. The operation will be retried in the next synchronization cycle..."*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-106">*"The provisioned object is too large. Trim the number of attribute values on this object. The operation will be retried in the next synchronization cycle..."*</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-107">The LargeObject error may be caused by other AD attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-107">The LargeObject error may be caused by other AD attributes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-108">To confirm it is indeed caused by the userCertificate attribute, you need to verify against the object either in on-premises AD or in the [Synchronization Service Manager Metaverse Search](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-service-manager-ui-mvsearch).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-108">To confirm it is indeed caused by the userCertificate attribute, you need to verify against the object either in on-premises AD or in the [Synchronization Service Manager Metaverse Search](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-service-manager-ui-mvsearch).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-109">To obtain the list of objects in your tenant with LargeObject errors, use one of the following methods:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-109">To obtain the list of objects in your tenant with LargeObject errors, use one of the following methods:</span></span>

 * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-110">If your tenant is enabled for Azure AD Connect Health for sync, you can refer to the [Synchronization Error Report](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect-health/active-directory-aadconnect-health-sync#object-level-synchronization-error-report-preview) provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-110">If your tenant is enabled for Azure AD Connect Health for sync, you can refer to the [Synchronization Error Report](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect-health/active-directory-aadconnect-health-sync#object-level-synchronization-error-report-preview) provided.</span></span>
 
 * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-111">The notification email for directory synchronization errors that is sent at the end of each sync cycle has the list of objects with LargeObject errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-111">The notification email for directory synchronization errors that is sent at the end of each sync cycle has the list of objects with LargeObject errors.</span></span> 
 * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-112">The [Synchronization Service Manager Operations tab](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-service-manager-ui-operations) displays the list of objects with LargeObject errors if you click the latest Export to Azure AD operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-112">The [Synchronization Service Manager Operations tab](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-service-manager-ui-operations) displays the list of objects with LargeObject errors if you click the latest Export to Azure AD operation.</span></span>
 
## <a name="mitigation-options"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-113">Mitigation options</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-113">Mitigation options</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-114">Until the LargeObject error is resolved, other attribute changes to the same object cannot be exported to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-114">Until the LargeObject error is resolved, other attribute changes to the same object cannot be exported to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-115">To resolve the error, you can consider the following options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-115">To resolve the error, you can consider the following options:</span></span>

 * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-116">Upgrade Azure AD Connect to build 1.1.524.0 or after.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-116">Upgrade Azure AD Connect to build 1.1.524.0 or after.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-117">In Azure AD Connect build 1.1.524.0, the out-of-box synchronization rules have been updated to not export attributes userCertificate and userSMIMECertificate if the attributes have more than 15 values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-117">In Azure AD Connect build 1.1.524.0, the out-of-box synchronization rules have been updated to not export attributes userCertificate and userSMIMECertificate if the attributes have more than 15 values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-118">For details on how to upgrade Azure AD Connect, refer to article [Azure AD Connect: Upgrade from a previous version to the latest](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect-upgrade-previous-version).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-118">For details on how to upgrade Azure AD Connect, refer to article [Azure AD Connect: Upgrade from a previous version to the latest](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnect-upgrade-previous-version).</span></span>

 * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-119">Implement an **outbound sync rule** in Azure AD Connect that exports a **null value instead of the actual values for objects with more than 15 certificate values**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-119">Implement an **outbound sync rule** in Azure AD Connect that exports a **null value instead of the actual values for objects with more than 15 certificate values**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-120">This option is suitable if you do not require any of the certificate values to be exported to Azure AD for objects with more than 15 values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-120">This option is suitable if you do not require any of the certificate values to be exported to Azure AD for objects with more than 15 values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-121">For details on how to implement this sync rule, refer to next section [Implementing sync rule to limit export of userCertificate attribute](#implementing-sync-rule-to-limit-export-of-usercertificate-attribute).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-121">For details on how to implement this sync rule, refer to next section [Implementing sync rule to limit export of userCertificate attribute](#implementing-sync-rule-to-limit-export-of-usercertificate-attribute).</span></span>

 * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-122">Reduce the number of certificate values on the on-premises AD object (15 or less) by removing values that are no longer in use by your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-122">Reduce the number of certificate values on the on-premises AD object (15 or less) by removing values that are no longer in use by your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-123">This is suitable if the attribute bloat is caused by expired or unused certificates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-123">This is suitable if the attribute bloat is caused by expired or unused certificates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-124">You can use the [PowerShell script available here](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Remove-Expired-Certificates-0517e34f) to help find, backup, and delete expired certificates in your on-premises AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-124">You can use the [PowerShell script available here](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Remove-Expired-Certificates-0517e34f) to help find, backup, and delete expired certificates in your on-premises AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-125">Before deleting the certificates, it is recommended that you verify with the Public-Key-Infrastructure administrators in your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-125">Before deleting the certificates, it is recommended that you verify with the Public-Key-Infrastructure administrators in your organization.</span></span>

 * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-126">Configure Azure AD Connect to exclude the userCertificate attribute from being exported to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-126">Configure Azure AD Connect to exclude the userCertificate attribute from being exported to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-127">In general, we do not recommend this option since the attribute may be used by Microsoft Online Services to enable specific scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-127">In general, we do not recommend this option since the attribute may be used by Microsoft Online Services to enable specific scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-128">In particular:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-128">In particular:</span></span>
    * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-129">The userCertificate attribute on the User object is used by Exchange Online and Outlook clients for message signing and encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-129">The userCertificate attribute on the User object is used by Exchange Online and Outlook clients for message signing and encryption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-130">To learn more about this feature, refer to article [S/MIME for message signing and encryption](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn626158(v=exchg.150).aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-130">To learn more about this feature, refer to article [S/MIME for message signing and encryption](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn626158(v=exchg.150).aspx).</span></span>

    * <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-131">The userCertificate attribute on the Computer object is used by Azure AD to allow Windows 10 on-premises domain-joined devices to connect to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-131">The userCertificate attribute on the Computer object is used by Azure AD to allow Windows 10 on-premises domain-joined devices to connect to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-132">To learn more about this feature, please refer to article [Connect domain-joined devices to Azure AD for Windows 10 experiences](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-azureadjoin-devices-group-policy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-132">To learn more about this feature, please refer to article [Connect domain-joined devices to Azure AD for Windows 10 experiences](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/active-directory-azureadjoin-devices-group-policy).</span></span>

## <a name="implementing-sync-rule-to-limit-export-of-usercertificate-attribute"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-133">Implementing sync rule to limit export of userCertificate attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-133">Implementing sync rule to limit export of userCertificate attribute</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-134">To resolve the LargeObject error caused by the userCertificate attribute, you can implement an outbound sync rule in Azure AD Connect that exports a **null value instead of the actual values for objects with more than 15 certificate values**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-134">To resolve the LargeObject error caused by the userCertificate attribute, you can implement an outbound sync rule in Azure AD Connect that exports a **null value instead of the actual values for objects with more than 15 certificate values**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-135">This section describes the steps required to implement the sync rule for **User** objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-135">This section describes the steps required to implement the sync rule for **User** objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-136">The steps can be adapted for **Contact** and **Computer** objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-136">The steps can be adapted for **Contact** and **Computer** objects.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-137">Exporting null value removes certificate values previously exported successfully to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-137">Exporting null value removes certificate values previously exported successfully to Azure AD.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-138">The steps can be summarized as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-138">The steps can be summarized as:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-139">Disable sync scheduler and verify there is no synchronization in progress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-139">Disable sync scheduler and verify there is no synchronization in progress.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-140">Find the existing outbound sync rule for userCertificate attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-140">Find the existing outbound sync rule for userCertificate attribute.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-141">Create the outbound sync rule required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-141">Create the outbound sync rule required.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-142">Verify the new sync rule on an existing object with LargeObject error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-142">Verify the new sync rule on an existing object with LargeObject error.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-143">Apply the new sync rule to remaining objects with LargeObject error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-143">Apply the new sync rule to remaining objects with LargeObject error.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-144">Verify there are no unexpected changes waiting to be exported to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-144">Verify there are no unexpected changes waiting to be exported to Azure AD.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-145">Export the changes to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-145">Export the changes to Azure AD.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-146">Re-enable sync scheduler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-146">Re-enable sync scheduler.</span></span>

### <a name="step-1-disable-sync-scheduler-and-verify-there-is-no-synchronization-in-progress"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-147">Step 1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-147">Step 1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-148">Disable sync scheduler and verify there is no synchronization in progress</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-148">Disable sync scheduler and verify there is no synchronization in progress</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-149">Ensure no synchronization takes place while you are in the middle of implementing a new sync rule to avoid unintended changes being exported to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-149">Ensure no synchronization takes place while you are in the middle of implementing a new sync rule to avoid unintended changes being exported to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-150">To disable the built-in sync scheduler:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-150">To disable the built-in sync scheduler:</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-151">Start PowerShell session on the Azure AD Connect server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-151">Start PowerShell session on the Azure AD Connect server.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-152">Disable scheduled synchronization by running cmdlet: `Set-ADSyncScheduler -SyncCycleEnabled $false`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-152">Disable scheduled synchronization by running cmdlet: `Set-ADSyncScheduler -SyncCycleEnabled $false`</span></span>

> [!Note]
> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-153">The preceding steps are only applicable to newer versions (1.1.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect with the built-in scheduler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-153">The preceding steps are only applicable to newer versions (1.1.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect with the built-in scheduler.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-154">If you are using older versions (1.0.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect that uses Windows Task Scheduler, or you are using your own custom scheduler (not common) to trigger periodic synchronization, you need to disable them accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-154">If you are using older versions (1.0.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect that uses Windows Task Scheduler, or you are using your own custom scheduler (not common) to trigger periodic synchronization, you need to disable them accordingly.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-155">Start the **Synchronization Service Manager** by going to START → Synchronization Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-155">Start the **Synchronization Service Manager** by going to START → Synchronization Service.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-156">Go to the **Operations** tab and confirm there is no operation whose status is *“in progress.”*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-156">Go to the **Operations** tab and confirm there is no operation whose status is *“in progress.”*</span></span>

### <a name="step-2-find-the-existing-outbound-sync-rule-for-usercertificate-attribute"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-157">Step 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-157">Step 2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-158">Find the existing outbound sync rule for userCertificate attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-158">Find the existing outbound sync rule for userCertificate attribute</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-159">There should be an existing sync rule that is enabled and configured to export userCertificate attribute for User objects to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-159">There should be an existing sync rule that is enabled and configured to export userCertificate attribute for User objects to Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-160">Locate this sync rule to find out its **precedence** and **scoping filter** configuration:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-160">Locate this sync rule to find out its **precedence** and **scoping filter** configuration:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-161">Start the **Synchronization Rules Editor** by going to START → Synchronization Rules Editor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-161">Start the **Synchronization Rules Editor** by going to START → Synchronization Rules Editor.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-162">Configure the search filters with the following values:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-162">Configure the search filters with the following values:</span></span>

    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-163">Attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-163">Attribute</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-164">Value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-164">Value</span></span> |
    | --- | --- |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-165">Direction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-165">Direction</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-166">**Outbound**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-166">**Outbound**</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-167">MV Object Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-167">MV Object Type</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-168">**Person**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-168">**Person**</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-169">Connector</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-169">Connector</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-170">*name of your Azure AD connector*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-170">*name of your Azure AD connector*</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-171">Connector Object Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-171">Connector Object Type</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-172">**user**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-172">**user**</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-173">MV attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-173">MV attribute</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-174">**userCertificate**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-174">**userCertificate**</span></span> |

3. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-175">If you are using OOB (out-of-box) sync rules to Azure AD connector to export userCertficiate attribute for User objects, you should get back the *“Out to AAD – User ExchangeOnline”* rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-175">If you are using OOB (out-of-box) sync rules to Azure AD connector to export userCertficiate attribute for User objects, you should get back the *“Out to AAD – User ExchangeOnline”* rule.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-176">Note down the **precedence** value of this sync rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-176">Note down the **precedence** value of this sync rule.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-177">Select the sync rule and click **Edit**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-177">Select the sync rule and click **Edit**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-178">In the *“Edit Reserved Rule Confirmation”* pop-up dialog, click **No**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-178">In the *“Edit Reserved Rule Confirmation”* pop-up dialog, click **No**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-179">(Don’t worry, we are not going to make any change to this sync rule).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-179">(Don’t worry, we are not going to make any change to this sync rule).</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-180">In the edit screen, select the **Scoping filter** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-180">In the edit screen, select the **Scoping filter** tab.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-181">Note down the scoping filter configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-181">Note down the scoping filter configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-182">If you are using the OOB sync rule, there should exactly be **one scoping filter group containing two clauses**, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-182">If you are using the OOB sync rule, there should exactly be **one scoping filter group containing two clauses**, including:</span></span>

    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-183">Attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-183">Attribute</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-184">Operator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-184">Operator</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-185">Value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-185">Value</span></span> |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-186">sourceObjectType</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-186">sourceObjectType</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-187">EQUAL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-187">EQUAL</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-188">User</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-188">User</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-189">cloudMastered</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-189">cloudMastered</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-190">NOTEQUAL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-190">NOTEQUAL</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-191">True</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-191">True</span></span> |

### <a name="step-3-create-the-outbound-sync-rule-required"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-192">Step 3.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-192">Step 3.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-193">Create the outbound sync rule required</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-193">Create the outbound sync rule required</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-194">The new sync rule must have the same **scoping filter** and **higher precedence** than the existing sync rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-194">The new sync rule must have the same **scoping filter** and **higher precedence** than the existing sync rule.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-195">This ensures that the new sync rule applies to the same set of objects as the existing sync rule and overrides the existing sync rule for the userCertificate attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-195">This ensures that the new sync rule applies to the same set of objects as the existing sync rule and overrides the existing sync rule for the userCertificate attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-196">To create the sync rule:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-196">To create the sync rule:</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-197">In the Synchronization Rules Editor, click the **Add new rule** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-197">In the Synchronization Rules Editor, click the **Add new rule** button.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-198">Under the **Description tab**, provide the following configuration:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-198">Under the **Description tab**, provide the following configuration:</span></span>

    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-199">Attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-199">Attribute</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-200">Value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-200">Value</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-201">Details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-201">Details</span></span> |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-202">Name</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-202">Name</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-203">*Provide a name*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-203">*Provide a name*</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-204">E.g., *“Out to AAD – Custom override for userCertificate”*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-204">E.g., *“Out to AAD – Custom override for userCertificate”*</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-205">Description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-205">Description</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-206">*Provide a description*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-206">*Provide a description*</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-207">E.g., *“If userCertificate attribute has more than 15 values, export NULL.”*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-207">E.g., *“If userCertificate attribute has more than 15 values, export NULL.”*</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-208">Connected System</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-208">Connected System</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-209">*Select the Azure AD Connector*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-209">*Select the Azure AD Connector*</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-210">Connected System Object Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-210">Connected System Object Type</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-211">**user**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-211">**user**</span></span> | |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-212">Metaverse Object Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-212">Metaverse Object Type</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-213">**person**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-213">**person**</span></span> | |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-214">Link Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-214">Link Type</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-215">**Join**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-215">**Join**</span></span> | |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-216">Precedence</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-216">Precedence</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-217">*Chose a number between 1 - 99*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-217">*Chose a number between 1 - 99*</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-218">The number chosen must not be used by any existing sync rule and has a lower value (and therefore, higher precedence) than the existing sync rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-218">The number chosen must not be used by any existing sync rule and has a lower value (and therefore, higher precedence) than the existing sync rule.</span></span> |

3. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-219">Go to the **Scoping filter** tab and implement the same scoping filter the existing sync rule is using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-219">Go to the **Scoping filter** tab and implement the same scoping filter the existing sync rule is using.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-220">Skip the **Join rules** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-220">Skip the **Join rules** tab.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-221">Go to the **Transformations** tab to add a new transformation using following configuration:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-221">Go to the **Transformations** tab to add a new transformation using following configuration:</span></span>

    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-222">Attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-222">Attribute</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-223">Value</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-223">Value</span></span> |
    | --- | --- |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-224">Flow Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-224">Flow Type</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-225">**Expression**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-225">**Expression**</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-226">Target Attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-226">Target Attribute</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-227">**userCertificate**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-227">**userCertificate**</span></span> |
    | <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-228">Source Attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-228">Source Attribute</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-229">*Use the following expression*: `IIF(IsNullOrEmpty([userCertificate]), NULL, IIF((Count([userCertificate])> 15),AuthoritativeNull,[userCertificate]))`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-229">*Use the following expression*: `IIF(IsNullOrEmpty([userCertificate]), NULL, IIF((Count([userCertificate])> 15),AuthoritativeNull,[userCertificate]))`</span></span> |
    
6. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-230">Click the **Add** button to create the sync rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-230">Click the **Add** button to create the sync rule.</span></span>

### <a name="step-4-verify-the-new-sync-rule-on-an-existing-object-with-largeobject-error"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-231">Step 4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-231">Step 4.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-232">Verify the new sync rule on an existing object with LargeObject error</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-232">Verify the new sync rule on an existing object with LargeObject error</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-233">This is to verify that the sync rule created is working correctly on an existing AD object with LargeObject error before you apply it to other objects:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-233">This is to verify that the sync rule created is working correctly on an existing AD object with LargeObject error before you apply it to other objects:</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-234">Go to the **Operations** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-234">Go to the **Operations** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-235">Select the most recent Export to Azure AD operation and click on one of the objects with LargeObject errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-235">Select the most recent Export to Azure AD operation and click on one of the objects with LargeObject errors.</span></span>
3.  <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-236">In the Connector Space Object Properties pop-up screen, click on the **Preview** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-236">In the Connector Space Object Properties pop-up screen, click on the **Preview** button.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-237">In the Preview pop-up screen, select **Full synchronization** and click **Commit Preview**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-237">In the Preview pop-up screen, select **Full synchronization** and click **Commit Preview**.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-238">Close the Preview screen and the Connector Space Object Properties screen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-238">Close the Preview screen and the Connector Space Object Properties screen.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-239">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-239">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-240">Right-click on the **Azure AD** Connector and select **Run...**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-240">Right-click on the **Azure AD** Connector and select **Run...**</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-241">In the Run Connector pop-up, select **Export** step and click **OK**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-241">In the Run Connector pop-up, select **Export** step and click **OK**.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-242">Wait for Export to Azure AD to complete and confirm there is no more LargeObject error on this specific object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-242">Wait for Export to Azure AD to complete and confirm there is no more LargeObject error on this specific object.</span></span>

### <a name="step-5-apply-the-new-sync-rule-to-remaining-objects-with-largeobject-error"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-243">Step 5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-243">Step 5.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-244">Apply the new sync rule to remaining objects with LargeObject error</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-244">Apply the new sync rule to remaining objects with LargeObject error</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-245">Once the sync rule has been added, you need to run a full synchronization step on the AD Connector:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-245">Once the sync rule has been added, you need to run a full synchronization step on the AD Connector:</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-246">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-246">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-247">Right-click on the **AD** Connector and select **Run...**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-247">Right-click on the **AD** Connector and select **Run...**</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-248">In the Run Connector pop-up, select **Full Synchronization** step and click **OK**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-248">In the Run Connector pop-up, select **Full Synchronization** step and click **OK**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-249">Wait for the Full Synchronization step to complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-249">Wait for the Full Synchronization step to complete.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-250">Repeat the above steps for the remaining AD Connectors if you have more than one AD Connectors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-250">Repeat the above steps for the remaining AD Connectors if you have more than one AD Connectors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-251">Usually, multiple connectors are required if you have multiple on-premises directories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-251">Usually, multiple connectors are required if you have multiple on-premises directories.</span></span>

### <a name="step-6-verify-there-are-no-unexpected-changes-waiting-to-be-exported-to-azure-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-252">Step 6.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-252">Step 6.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-253">Verify there are no unexpected changes waiting to be exported to Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-253">Verify there are no unexpected changes waiting to be exported to Azure AD</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-254">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-254">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-255">Right-click on the **Azure AD** Connector and select **Search Connector Space**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-255">Right-click on the **Azure AD** Connector and select **Search Connector Space**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-256">In the Search Connector Space pop-up:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-256">In the Search Connector Space pop-up:</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-257">Set Scope to **Pending Export**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-257">Set Scope to **Pending Export**.</span></span>
    2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-258">Check all 3 checkboxes, including **Add**, **Modify** and **Delete**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-258">Check all 3 checkboxes, including **Add**, **Modify** and **Delete**.</span></span>
    3. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-259">Click **Search** button to return all objects with changes waiting to be exported to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-259">Click **Search** button to return all objects with changes waiting to be exported to Azure AD.</span></span>
    4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-260">Verify there are no unexpected changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-260">Verify there are no unexpected changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-261">To examine the changes for a given object, double-click on the object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-261">To examine the changes for a given object, double-click on the object.</span></span>

### <a name="step-7-export-the-changes-to-azure-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-262">Step 7.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-262">Step 7.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-263">Export the changes to Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-263">Export the changes to Azure AD</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-264">To export the changes to Azure AD:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-264">To export the changes to Azure AD:</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-265">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-265">Go to the **Connectors** tab in the Synchronization Service Manager.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-266">Right-click on the **Azure AD** Connector and select **Run...**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-266">Right-click on the **Azure AD** Connector and select **Run...**</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-267">In the Run Connector pop-up, select **Export** step and click **OK**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-267">In the Run Connector pop-up, select **Export** step and click **OK**.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-268">Wait for Export to Azure AD to complete and confirm there are no more LargeObject errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-268">Wait for Export to Azure AD to complete and confirm there are no more LargeObject errors.</span></span>

### <a name="step-8-re-enable-sync-scheduler"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-269">Step 8.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-269">Step 8.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-270">Re-enable sync scheduler</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-270">Re-enable sync scheduler</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-271">Now that the issue is resolved, re-enable the built-in sync scheduler:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-271">Now that the issue is resolved, re-enable the built-in sync scheduler:</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-272">Start PowerShell session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-272">Start PowerShell session.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-273">Re-enable scheduled synchronization by running cmdlet: `Set-ADSyncScheduler -SyncCycleEnabled $true`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-273">Re-enable scheduled synchronization by running cmdlet: `Set-ADSyncScheduler -SyncCycleEnabled $true`</span></span>

> [!Note]
> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-274">The preceding steps are only applicable to newer versions (1.1.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect with the built-in scheduler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-274">The preceding steps are only applicable to newer versions (1.1.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect with the built-in scheduler.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f45ba-275">If you are using older versions (1.0.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect that uses Windows Task Scheduler, or you are using your own custom scheduler (not common) to trigger periodic synchronization, you need to disable them accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-275">If you are using older versions (1.0.xxx.x) of Azure AD Connect that uses Windows Task Scheduler, or you are using your own custom scheduler (not common) to trigger periodic synchronization, you need to disable them accordingly.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f45ba-276">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-276">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f45ba-277">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f45ba-277">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span></span>

