---
title: 'Azure AD Connect: When you already have Azure AD | Microsoft Docs'
description: This topic describes how to use Connect when you have an existing Azure AD tenant.
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: andkjell
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/22/2017
ms.author: billmath
ms.openlocfilehash: c89e206462856d25a81729e7028065ac1cd13ef3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44669922"
---
# <a name="azure-ad-connect-when-you-have-an-existent-tenant"></a><span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-103">Azure AD Connect: When you have an existent tenant</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-103">Azure AD Connect: When you have an existent tenant</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-104">Most of the topics for how to use Azure AD Connect assumes you start with a new Azure AD tenant and that there are no users or other objects there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-104">Most of the topics for how to use Azure AD Connect assumes you start with a new Azure AD tenant and that there are no users or other objects there.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-105">But if you have started with an Azure AD tenant, populated it with users and other objects, and now want to use Connect, then this topic is for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-105">But if you have started with an Azure AD tenant, populated it with users and other objects, and now want to use Connect, then this topic is for you.</span></span>

## <a name="the-basics"></a><span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-106">The basics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-106">The basics</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-107">An object in Azure AD is either mastered in the cloud (Azure AD) or on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-107">An object in Azure AD is either mastered in the cloud (Azure AD) or on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-108">For one single object, you cannot manage some attributes on-premises and some other attributes in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-108">For one single object, you cannot manage some attributes on-premises and some other attributes in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-109">Each object has a flag indicating where the object is managed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-109">Each object has a flag indicating where the object is managed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-110">You can manage some users on-premises and other in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-110">You can manage some users on-premises and other in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-111">A common scenario for this configuration is an organization with a mix of accounting workers and sales workers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-111">A common scenario for this configuration is an organization with a mix of accounting workers and sales workers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-112">The accounting workers have an on-premises AD account, but the sales workers do not, they have an account in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-112">The accounting workers have an on-premises AD account, but the sales workers do not, they have an account in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-113">You would manage some users on-premises and some in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-113">You would manage some users on-premises and some in Azure AD.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-114">If you started to manage users in Azure AD that are also in on-premises AD and later want to use Connect, then there are some additional concerns you need to consider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-114">If you started to manage users in Azure AD that are also in on-premises AD and later want to use Connect, then there are some additional concerns you need to consider.</span></span>

## <a name="sync-with-existing-users-in-azure-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-115">Sync with existing users in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-115">Sync with existing users in Azure AD</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-116">When you install Azure AD Connect and you start synchronizing, the Azure AD sync service (in Azure AD) does a check on every new object and try to find an existing object to match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-116">When you install Azure AD Connect and you start synchronizing, the Azure AD sync service (in Azure AD) does a check on every new object and try to find an existing object to match.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-117">There are three attributes used for this process: **userPrincipalName**, **proxyAddresses**, and **sourceAnchor**/**immutableID**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-117">There are three attributes used for this process: **userPrincipalName**, **proxyAddresses**, and **sourceAnchor**/**immutableID**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-118">A match on **userPrincipalName** and **proxyAddresses** is known as a **soft match**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-118">A match on **userPrincipalName** and **proxyAddresses** is known as a **soft match**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-119">A match on **sourceAnchor** is known as **hard match**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-119">A match on **sourceAnchor** is known as **hard match**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-120">For the **proxyAddresses** attribute only the value with **SMTP:**, that is the primary email address, is used for the evaluation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-120">For the **proxyAddresses** attribute only the value with **SMTP:**, that is the primary email address, is used for the evaluation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-121">The match is only evaluated for new objects coming from Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-121">The match is only evaluated for new objects coming from Connect.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-122">If you change an exiting object so it is matching any of these attributes, then you see an error instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-122">If you change an exiting object so it is matching any of these attributes, then you see an error instead.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-123">If Azure AD finds an object where the attribute values are the same for an object coming from Connect and that it is already present in Azure AD, then the object in Azure AD is taken over by Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-123">If Azure AD finds an object where the attribute values are the same for an object coming from Connect and that it is already present in Azure AD, then the object in Azure AD is taken over by Connect.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-124">The previously cloud-managed object is flagged as on-premises managed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-124">The previously cloud-managed object is flagged as on-premises managed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-125">All attributes in Azure AD with a value in on-premises AD are overwritten with the on-premises value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-125">All attributes in Azure AD with a value in on-premises AD are overwritten with the on-premises value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-126">The exception is when an attribute has a **NULL** value on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-126">The exception is when an attribute has a **NULL** value on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-127">In this case, the value in Azure AD remains, but you can still only change it on-premises to something else.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-127">In this case, the value in Azure AD remains, but you can still only change it on-premises to something else.</span></span>

> [!WARNING]
> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-128">Since all attributes in Azure AD are going to be overwritten by the on-premises value, make sure you have good data on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-128">Since all attributes in Azure AD are going to be overwritten by the on-premises value, make sure you have good data on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-129">For example, if you only have managed email address in Office 365 and not kept it updated in on-premises AD DS, then you lose any values in Azure AD/Office 365 not present in AD DS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-129">For example, if you only have managed email address in Office 365 and not kept it updated in on-premises AD DS, then you lose any values in Azure AD/Office 365 not present in AD DS.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-130">If you use password sync, which is always used by express settings, then the password in Azure AD is overwritten with the password in on-premises AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-130">If you use password sync, which is always used by express settings, then the password in Azure AD is overwritten with the password in on-premises AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-131">If your users are used to manage different passwords, then you need to inform them that they should use the on-premises password when you have installed Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-131">If your users are used to manage different passwords, then you need to inform them that they should use the on-premises password when you have installed Connect.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-132">The previous section and warning must be considered in your planning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-132">The previous section and warning must be considered in your planning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-133">If you have made many changes in Azure AD not reflected in on-premises AD DS, then you need to plan for how to populate AD DS with the updated values before you sync your objects with Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-133">If you have made many changes in Azure AD not reflected in on-premises AD DS, then you need to plan for how to populate AD DS with the updated values before you sync your objects with Azure AD Connect.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-134">If you matched your objects with a soft-match, then the **sourceAnchor** is added to the object in Azure AD so a hard match can be used later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-134">If you matched your objects with a soft-match, then the **sourceAnchor** is added to the object in Azure AD so a hard match can be used later.</span></span>

### <a name="hard-match-vs-soft-match"></a><span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-135">Hard-match vs Soft-match</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-135">Hard-match vs Soft-match</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-136">For a new installation of Connect, there is no practical difference between a soft- and a hard-match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-136">For a new installation of Connect, there is no practical difference between a soft- and a hard-match.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-137">The difference is in a disaster recovery situation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-137">The difference is in a disaster recovery situation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-138">If you have lost your server with Azure AD Connect, you can reinstall a new instance without losing any data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-138">If you have lost your server with Azure AD Connect, you can reinstall a new instance without losing any data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-139">An object with a sourceAnchor is sent to Connect during initial install.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-139">An object with a sourceAnchor is sent to Connect during initial install.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-140">The match can then be evaluated by the client (Azure AD Connect), which is a lot faster than doing the same in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-140">The match can then be evaluated by the client (Azure AD Connect), which is a lot faster than doing the same in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-141">A hard match is evaluated both by Connect and by Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-141">A hard match is evaluated both by Connect and by Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-142">A soft match is only evaluated by Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-142">A soft match is only evaluated by Azure AD.</span></span>

### <a name="other-objects-than-users"></a><span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-143">Other objects than users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-143">Other objects than users</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-144">Users usually have both userPrincipalName and proxyAddresses, making the match easy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-144">Users usually have both userPrincipalName and proxyAddresses, making the match easy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-145">But other objects, such as security groups, do not have those.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-145">But other objects, such as security groups, do not have those.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-146">In this case, you can only match on a hard match using the sourceAnchor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-146">In this case, you can only match on a hard match using the sourceAnchor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-147">The sourceAnchor is always the Base64 converted **objectGUID** on-premises, so you must update the value in Azure AD when you need two objects to match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-147">The sourceAnchor is always the Base64 converted **objectGUID** on-premises, so you must update the value in Azure AD when you need two objects to match.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-148">The sourceAnchor/immutableID can only be updated with PowerShell and not through the portals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-148">The sourceAnchor/immutableID can only be updated with PowerShell and not through the portals.</span></span>

## <a name="create-a-new-on-premises-active-directory-from-data-in-azure-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-149">Create a new on-premises Active Directory from data in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-149">Create a new on-premises Active Directory from data in Azure AD</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-150">Some customers start with a cloud-only solution with Azure AD and they do not have an on-premises AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-150">Some customers start with a cloud-only solution with Azure AD and they do not have an on-premises AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-151">Later they want to consume on-premises resources and want to build an on-premises AD based on Azure AD data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-151">Later they want to consume on-premises resources and want to build an on-premises AD based on Azure AD data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-152">Azure AD Connect cannot help you for this scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-152">Azure AD Connect cannot help you for this scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-153">It does not create users on-premises and it does not have any ability to set the password on-premises to the same as in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-153">It does not create users on-premises and it does not have any ability to set the password on-premises to the same as in Azure AD.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-154">If the only reason why you plan to add on-premises AD is to support LOBs (Line-of-Business apps), then maybe you should consider to use [Azure AD domain services](../../active-directory-domain-services/index.md) instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-154">If the only reason why you plan to add on-premises AD is to support LOBs (Line-of-Business apps), then maybe you should consider to use [Azure AD domain services](../../active-directory-domain-services/index.md) instead.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-155">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-155">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b8c3d-156">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b8c3d-156">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span></span>
