---
title: 'Azure AD Connect: Version release history | Microsoft Docs'
description: This article lists all releases of Azure AD Connect and Azure AD Sync
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: billmath
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ef2797d7-d440-4a9a-a648-db32ad137494
ms.service: active-directory
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: identity
ms.date: 02/08/2017
ms.author: billmath
ms.openlocfilehash: fe01be4f57766a556ff3a27a0cbba0293675cac7
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555974"
---
# <a name="azure-ad-connect-version-release-history"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-103">Azure AD Connect: Version release history</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-103">Azure AD Connect: Version release history</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-104">The Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) team regularly updates Azure AD Connect with new features and functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-104">The Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) team regularly updates Azure AD Connect with new features and functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-105">Not all additions are applicable to all audiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-105">Not all additions are applicable to all audiences.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-106">This article is designed to help you keep track of the versions that have been released, and to understand whether you need to update to the newest version or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-106">This article is designed to help you keep track of the versions that have been released, and to understand whether you need to update to the newest version or not.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-107">This is a list of related topics:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-107">This is a list of related topics:</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-108">Topic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-108">Topic</span></span> |  <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-109">Details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-109">Details</span></span>
--------- | --------- |
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-110">Steps to upgrade from Azure AD Connect</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-110">Steps to upgrade from Azure AD Connect</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-111">Different methods to [upgrade from a previous version to the latest](active-directory-aadconnect-upgrade-previous-version.md) Azure AD Connect release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-111">Different methods to [upgrade from a previous version to the latest](active-directory-aadconnect-upgrade-previous-version.md) Azure AD Connect release.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-112">Required permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-112">Required permissions</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-113">For permissions required to apply an update, see [accounts and permissions](./active-directory-aadconnect-accounts-permissions.md#upgrade).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-113">For permissions required to apply an update, see [accounts and permissions](./active-directory-aadconnect-accounts-permissions.md#upgrade).</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-114">Download</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-114">Download</span></span>| <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-115">[Download Azure AD Connect](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615771).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-115">[Download Azure AD Connect](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615771).</span></span>

## <a name="114860"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-116">1.1.486.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-116">1.1.486.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-117">Released: April 2017</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-117">Released: April 2017</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-118">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-118">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-119">Fixed the issue where Azure AD Connect will not install successfully on localized version of Windows Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-119">Fixed the issue where Azure AD Connect will not install successfully on localized version of Windows Server.</span></span>

## <a name="114840"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-120">1.1.484.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-120">1.1.484.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-121">Released: April 2017</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-121">Released: April 2017</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-122">**Known issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-122">**Known issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-123">This version of Azure AD Connect will not install successfully if the following conditions are all true:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-123">This version of Azure AD Connect will not install successfully if the following conditions are all true:</span></span>
   1. <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-124">You are performing either DirSync in-place upgrade or fresh installation of Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-124">You are performing either DirSync in-place upgrade or fresh installation of Azure AD Connect.</span></span>
   2. <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-125">You are using a localized version of Windows Server where the name of built-in Administrator group on the server isn't "Administrators".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-125">You are using a localized version of Windows Server where the name of built-in Administrator group on the server isn't "Administrators".</span></span>
   3. <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-126">You are using the default SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB installed with Azure AD Connect instead of providing your own full SQL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-126">You are using the default SQL Server 2012 Express LocalDB installed with Azure AD Connect instead of providing your own full SQL.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-127">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-127">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-128">Azure AD Connect sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-128">Azure AD Connect sync</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-129">Fixed an issue where the sync scheduler skips the entire sync step if one or more connectors are missing run profile for that sync step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-129">Fixed an issue where the sync scheduler skips the entire sync step if one or more connectors are missing run profile for that sync step.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-130">For example, you manually added a connector using the Synchronization Service Manager without creating a Delta Import run profile for it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-130">For example, you manually added a connector using the Synchronization Service Manager without creating a Delta Import run profile for it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-131">This fix ensures that the sync scheduler continues to run Delta Import for other connectors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-131">This fix ensures that the sync scheduler continues to run Delta Import for other connectors.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-132">Fixed an issue where the Synchronization Service immediately stops processing a run profile when it is encounters an issue with one of the run steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-132">Fixed an issue where the Synchronization Service immediately stops processing a run profile when it is encounters an issue with one of the run steps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-133">This fix ensures that the Synchronization Service skips that run step and continues to process the rest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-133">This fix ensures that the Synchronization Service skips that run step and continues to process the rest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-134">For example, you have a Delta Import run profile for your AD connector with multiple run steps (one for each on-premises AD domain).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-134">For example, you have a Delta Import run profile for your AD connector with multiple run steps (one for each on-premises AD domain).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-135">The Synchronization Service will run Delta Import with the other AD domains even if one of them has network connectivity issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-135">The Synchronization Service will run Delta Import with the other AD domains even if one of them has network connectivity issues.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-136">Fixed an issue that causes the Azure AD Connector update to be skipped during Automatic Upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-136">Fixed an issue that causes the Azure AD Connector update to be skipped during Automatic Upgrade.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-137">Fixed an issue that causes Azure AD Connect to incorrectly determine whether the server is a domain controller during setup, which in turn causes DirSync upgrade to fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-137">Fixed an issue that causes Azure AD Connect to incorrectly determine whether the server is a domain controller during setup, which in turn causes DirSync upgrade to fail.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-138">Fixed an issue that causes DirSync in-place upgrade to not create any run profile for the Azure AD Connector.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-138">Fixed an issue that causes DirSync in-place upgrade to not create any run profile for the Azure AD Connector.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-139">Fixed an issue where the Synchronization Service Manager user interface becomes unresponsive when trying to configure Generic LDAP Connector.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-139">Fixed an issue where the Synchronization Service Manager user interface becomes unresponsive when trying to configure Generic LDAP Connector.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-140">AD FS management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-140">AD FS management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-141">Fixed an issue where the Azure AD Connect wizard fails if the AD FS primary node has been moved to another server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-141">Fixed an issue where the Azure AD Connect wizard fails if the AD FS primary node has been moved to another server.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-142">Desktop SSO</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-142">Desktop SSO</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-143">Fixed an issue in the Azure AD Connect wizard where the Sign-In screen does not let you enable Desktop SSO feature if you chose Password Synchronization as your Sign-In option during new installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-143">Fixed an issue in the Azure AD Connect wizard where the Sign-In screen does not let you enable Desktop SSO feature if you chose Password Synchronization as your Sign-In option during new installation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-144">**New features/improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-144">**New features/improvements:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-145">Azure AD Connect sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-145">Azure AD Connect sync</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-146">Azure AD Connect Sync now supports the use of Virtual Service Account, Managed Service Account and Group Managed Service Account as its service account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-146">Azure AD Connect Sync now supports the use of Virtual Service Account, Managed Service Account and Group Managed Service Account as its service account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-147">This applies to new installation of Azure AD Connect only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-147">This applies to new installation of Azure AD Connect only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-148">When installing Azure AD Connect:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-148">When installing Azure AD Connect:</span></span>
    * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-149">By default, Azure AD Connect wizard will create a Virtual Service Account and uses it as its service account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-149">By default, Azure AD Connect wizard will create a Virtual Service Account and uses it as its service account.</span></span>
    * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-150">If you are installing on a domain controller, Azure AD Connect falls back to previous behavior where it will create a domain user account and uses it as its service account instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-150">If you are installing on a domain controller, Azure AD Connect falls back to previous behavior where it will create a domain user account and uses it as its service account instead.</span></span>
    * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-151">You can override the default behavior by providing one of the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-151">You can override the default behavior by providing one of the following:</span></span>
      * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-152">A Group Managed Service Account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-152">A Group Managed Service Account</span></span>
      * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-153">A Managed Service Account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-153">A Managed Service Account</span></span>
      * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-154">A domain user account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-154">A domain user account</span></span>
      * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-155">A local user account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-155">A local user account</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-156">Previously, if you upgrade to a new build of Azure AD Connect containing connectors update or sync rule changes, Azure AD Connect will trigger a full sync cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-156">Previously, if you upgrade to a new build of Azure AD Connect containing connectors update or sync rule changes, Azure AD Connect will trigger a full sync cycle.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-157">Now, Azure AD Connect selectively triggers Full Import step only for connectors with update, and Full Synchronization step only for connectors with sync rule changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-157">Now, Azure AD Connect selectively triggers Full Import step only for connectors with update, and Full Synchronization step only for connectors with sync rule changes.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-158">Previously, the Export Deletion Threshold only applies to exports which are triggered through the sync scheduler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-158">Previously, the Export Deletion Threshold only applies to exports which are triggered through the sync scheduler.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-159">Now, the feature is extended to include exports manually triggered by the customer using the Synchronization Service Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-159">Now, the feature is extended to include exports manually triggered by the customer using the Synchronization Service Manager.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-160">On your Azure AD tenant, there is a service configuration which indicates whether Password Synchronization feature is enabled for your tenant or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-160">On your Azure AD tenant, there is a service configuration which indicates whether Password Synchronization feature is enabled for your tenant or not.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-161">Previously, it is easy for the service configuration to be incorrectly configured by Azure AD Connect when you have an active and a staging server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-161">Previously, it is easy for the service configuration to be incorrectly configured by Azure AD Connect when you have an active and a staging server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-162">Now, Azure AD Connect will attempt to keep the service configuration consistent with your active Azure AD Connect server only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-162">Now, Azure AD Connect will attempt to keep the service configuration consistent with your active Azure AD Connect server only.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-163">Azure AD Connect wizard now detects and returns a warning if on-premises AD does not have AD Recycle Bin enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-163">Azure AD Connect wizard now detects and returns a warning if on-premises AD does not have AD Recycle Bin enabled.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-164">Previously, Export to Azure AD times out and fails if the combined size of the objects in the batch exceeds certain threshold.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-164">Previously, Export to Azure AD times out and fails if the combined size of the objects in the batch exceeds certain threshold.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-165">Now, the Synchronization Service will reattempt to resend the objects in separate, smaller batches if the issue is encountered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-165">Now, the Synchronization Service will reattempt to resend the objects in separate, smaller batches if the issue is encountered.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-166">The Synchronization Service Key Management application has been removed from Windows Start Menu.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-166">The Synchronization Service Key Management application has been removed from Windows Start Menu.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-167">Management of encryption key will continue to be supported through command-line interface using miiskmu.exe.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-167">Management of encryption key will continue to be supported through command-line interface using miiskmu.exe.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-168">For information about managing encryption key, refer to article [Abandoning the Azure AD Connect Sync encryption key](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-change-serviceacct-pass#abandoning-the-azure-ad-connect-sync-encryption-key).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-168">For information about managing encryption key, refer to article [Abandoning the Azure AD Connect Sync encryption key](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/connect/active-directory-aadconnectsync-change-serviceacct-pass#abandoning-the-azure-ad-connect-sync-encryption-key).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-169">Previously, if you change the Azure AD Connect sync service account password, the Synchronization Service will not be able start correctly until you have abandoned the encryption key and reinitialized the Azure AD Connect sync service account password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-169">Previously, if you change the Azure AD Connect sync service account password, the Synchronization Service will not be able start correctly until you have abandoned the encryption key and reinitialized the Azure AD Connect sync service account password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-170">Now, this is no longer required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-170">Now, this is no longer required.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-171">Desktop SSO</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-171">Desktop SSO</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-172">Azure AD Connect wizard no longer requires port 9090 to be opened on the network when configuring Pass-through Authentication and Desktop SSO.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-172">Azure AD Connect wizard no longer requires port 9090 to be opened on the network when configuring Pass-through Authentication and Desktop SSO.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-173">Only port 443 is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-173">Only port 443 is required.</span></span> 

## <a name="114430"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-174">1.1.443.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-174">1.1.443.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-175">Released: March 2017</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-175">Released: March 2017</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-176">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-176">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-177">Azure AD Connect sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-177">Azure AD Connect sync</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-178">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to fail if the display name of the Azure AD Connector does not contain the initial onmicrosoft.com domain assigned to the Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-178">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to fail if the display name of the Azure AD Connector does not contain the initial onmicrosoft.com domain assigned to the Azure AD tenant.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-179">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to fail while making connection to SQL database when the password of the Sync Service Account contains special characters such as apostrophe, colon and space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-179">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to fail while making connection to SQL database when the password of the Sync Service Account contains special characters such as apostrophe, colon and space.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-180">Fixed an issue which causes the error “The dimage has an anchor that is different than the image” to occur on an Azure AD Connect server in staging mode, after you have temporarily excluded an on-premises AD object from syncing and then included it again for syncing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-180">Fixed an issue which causes the error “The dimage has an anchor that is different than the image” to occur on an Azure AD Connect server in staging mode, after you have temporarily excluded an on-premises AD object from syncing and then included it again for syncing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-181">Fixed an issue which causes the error “The object located by DN is a phantom” to occur on an Azure AD Connect server in staging mode, after you have temporarily excluded an on-premises AD object from syncing and then included it again for syncing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-181">Fixed an issue which causes the error “The object located by DN is a phantom” to occur on an Azure AD Connect server in staging mode, after you have temporarily excluded an on-premises AD object from syncing and then included it again for syncing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-182">AD FS management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-182">AD FS management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-183">Fixed an issue where Azure AD Connect wizard does not update AD FS configuration and set the right claims on the relying party trust after Alternate Login ID is configured.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-183">Fixed an issue where Azure AD Connect wizard does not update AD FS configuration and set the right claims on the relying party trust after Alternate Login ID is configured.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-184">Fixed an issue where Azure AD Connect wizard is unable to correctly handle AD FS servers whose service accounts are configured using userPrincipalName format instead of sAMAccountName format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-184">Fixed an issue where Azure AD Connect wizard is unable to correctly handle AD FS servers whose service accounts are configured using userPrincipalName format instead of sAMAccountName format.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-185">Pass-through Authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-185">Pass-through Authentication</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-186">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to fail if Pass Through Authentication is selected but registration of its connector fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-186">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to fail if Pass Through Authentication is selected but registration of its connector fails.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-187">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to bypass validation checks on sign-in method selected when Desktop SSO feature is enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-187">Fixed an issue which causes Azure AD Connect wizard to bypass validation checks on sign-in method selected when Desktop SSO feature is enabled.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-188">Password Reset</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-188">Password Reset</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-189">Fixed an issue which may cause the Azure AAD Connect server to not attempt to re-connect if the connection was killed by a firewall or proxy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-189">Fixed an issue which may cause the Azure AAD Connect server to not attempt to re-connect if the connection was killed by a firewall or proxy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-190">**New features/improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-190">**New features/improvements:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-191">Azure AD Connect sync</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-191">Azure AD Connect sync</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-192">Get-ADSyncScheduler cmdlet now returns a new Boolean property named SyncCycleInProgress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-192">Get-ADSyncScheduler cmdlet now returns a new Boolean property named SyncCycleInProgress.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-193">If the returned value is true, it means that there is a scheduled synchronization cycle in progress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-193">If the returned value is true, it means that there is a scheduled synchronization cycle in progress.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-194">Destination folder for storing Azure AD Connect installation and setup logs has been moved from %localappdata%\AADConnect to %programdata%\AADConnect to improve accessibility to the log files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-194">Destination folder for storing Azure AD Connect installation and setup logs has been moved from %localappdata%\AADConnect to %programdata%\AADConnect to improve accessibility to the log files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-195">AD FS management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-195">AD FS management</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-196">Added support for updating AD FS Farm SSL Certificate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-196">Added support for updating AD FS Farm SSL Certificate.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-197">Added support for managing AD FS 2016.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-197">Added support for managing AD FS 2016.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-198">You can now specify existing gMSA (Group Managed Service Account) during AD FS installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-198">You can now specify existing gMSA (Group Managed Service Account) during AD FS installation.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-199">You can now configure SHA-256 as the signature hash algorithm for Azure AD relying party trust.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-199">You can now configure SHA-256 as the signature hash algorithm for Azure AD relying party trust.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-200">Password Reset</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-200">Password Reset</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-201">Introduced improvements to allow the product to function in environments with more stringent firewall rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-201">Introduced improvements to allow the product to function in environments with more stringent firewall rules.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-202">Improved connection reliability to Azure Service Bus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-202">Improved connection reliability to Azure Service Bus.</span></span>

## <a name="113800"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-203">1.1.380.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-203">1.1.380.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-204">Released: December 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-204">Released: December 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-205">**Fixed issue:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-205">**Fixed issue:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-206">Fixed the issue where the issuerid claim rule for Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) is missing in this build.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-206">Fixed the issue where the issuerid claim rule for Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) is missing in this build.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-207">This build is not available to customers through the Azure AD Connect Auto Upgrade feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-207">This build is not available to customers through the Azure AD Connect Auto Upgrade feature.</span></span>

## <a name="113710"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-208">1.1.371.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-208">1.1.371.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-209">Released: December 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-209">Released: December 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-210">**Known issue:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-210">**Known issue:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-211">The issuerid claim rule for AD FS is missing in this build.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-211">The issuerid claim rule for AD FS is missing in this build.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-212">The issuerid claim rule is required if you are federating multiple domains with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-212">The issuerid claim rule is required if you are federating multiple domains with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-213">If you are using Azure AD Connect to manage your on-premises AD FS deployment, upgrading to this build removes the existing issuerid claim rule from your AD FS configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-213">If you are using Azure AD Connect to manage your on-premises AD FS deployment, upgrading to this build removes the existing issuerid claim rule from your AD FS configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-214">You can work around the issue by adding the issuerid claim rule after the installation/upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-214">You can work around the issue by adding the issuerid claim rule after the installation/upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-215">For details on adding the issuerid claim rule, refer to this article on [Multiple domain support for federating with Azure AD](active-directory-aadconnect-multiple-domains.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-215">For details on adding the issuerid claim rule, refer to this article on [Multiple domain support for federating with Azure AD](active-directory-aadconnect-multiple-domains.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-216">**Fixed issue:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-216">**Fixed issue:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-217">If Port 9090 is not opened for the outbound connection, the Azure AD Connect installation or upgrade fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-217">If Port 9090 is not opened for the outbound connection, the Azure AD Connect installation or upgrade fails.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-218">This build is not available to customers through the Azure AD Connect Auto Upgrade feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-218">This build is not available to customers through the Azure AD Connect Auto Upgrade feature.</span></span>

## <a name="113700"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-219">1.1.370.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-219">1.1.370.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-220">Released: December 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-220">Released: December 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-221">**Known issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-221">**Known issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-222">The issuerid claim rule for AD FS is missing in this build.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-222">The issuerid claim rule for AD FS is missing in this build.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-223">The issuerid claim rule is required if you are federating multiple domains with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-223">The issuerid claim rule is required if you are federating multiple domains with Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-224">If you are using Azure AD Connect to manage your on-premises AD FS deployment, upgrading to this build removes the existing issuerid claim rule from your AD FS configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-224">If you are using Azure AD Connect to manage your on-premises AD FS deployment, upgrading to this build removes the existing issuerid claim rule from your AD FS configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-225">You can work around the issue by adding the issuerid claim rule after installation/upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-225">You can work around the issue by adding the issuerid claim rule after installation/upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-226">For details on adding issuerid claim rule, refer to this article on [Multiple domain support for federating with Azure AD](active-directory-aadconnect-multiple-domains.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-226">For details on adding issuerid claim rule, refer to this article on [Multiple domain support for federating with Azure AD](active-directory-aadconnect-multiple-domains.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-227">Port 9090 must be open outbound to complete installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-227">Port 9090 must be open outbound to complete installation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-228">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-228">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-229">Pass-through Authentication (Preview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-229">Pass-through Authentication (Preview).</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-230">This build is not available to customers through the Azure AD Connect Auto Upgrade feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-230">This build is not available to customers through the Azure AD Connect Auto Upgrade feature.</span></span>

## <a name="113430"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-231">1.1.343.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-231">1.1.343.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-232">Released: November 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-232">Released: November 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-233">**Known issue:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-233">**Known issue:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-234">The issuerid claim rule for AD FS is missing in this build.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-234">The issuerid claim rule for AD FS is missing in this build.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-235">The issuerid claim rule is required if you are federating multiple domains with Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-235">The issuerid claim rule is required if you are federating multiple domains with Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-236">If you are using Azure AD Connect to manage your on-premises AD FS deployment, upgrading to this build removes the existing issuerid claim rule from your AD FS configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-236">If you are using Azure AD Connect to manage your on-premises AD FS deployment, upgrading to this build removes the existing issuerid claim rule from your AD FS configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-237">You can work around the issue by adding the issuerid claim rule after installation/upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-237">You can work around the issue by adding the issuerid claim rule after installation/upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-238">For details on adding issuerid claim rule, refer to this article on [Multiple domain support for federating with Azure AD](active-directory-aadconnect-multiple-domains.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-238">For details on adding issuerid claim rule, refer to this article on [Multiple domain support for federating with Azure AD](active-directory-aadconnect-multiple-domains.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-239">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-239">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-240">Sometimes, installing Azure AD Connect fails because it is unable to create a local service account whose password meets the level of complexity specified by the organization's password policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-240">Sometimes, installing Azure AD Connect fails because it is unable to create a local service account whose password meets the level of complexity specified by the organization's password policy.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-241">Fixed an issue where join rules are not reevaluated when an object in the connector space simultaneously becomes out-of-scope for one join rule and become in-scope for another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-241">Fixed an issue where join rules are not reevaluated when an object in the connector space simultaneously becomes out-of-scope for one join rule and become in-scope for another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-242">This can happen if you have two or more join rules whose join conditions are mutually exclusive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-242">This can happen if you have two or more join rules whose join conditions are mutually exclusive.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-243">Fixed an issue where inbound synchronization rules (from Azure AD), which do not contain join rules, are not processed if they have lower precedence values than those containing join rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-243">Fixed an issue where inbound synchronization rules (from Azure AD), which do not contain join rules, are not processed if they have lower precedence values than those containing join rules.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-244">**Improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-244">**Improvements:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-245">Added support for installing Azure AD Connect on Windows Server 2016 Standard or higher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-245">Added support for installing Azure AD Connect on Windows Server 2016 Standard or higher.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-246">Added support for using SQL Server 2016 as the remote database for Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-246">Added support for using SQL Server 2016 as the remote database for Azure AD Connect.</span></span>

## <a name="112810"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-247">1.1.281.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-247">1.1.281.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-248">Released: August 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-248">Released: August 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-249">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-249">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-250">Changes to sync interval do not take place until after the next sync cycle is complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-250">Changes to sync interval do not take place until after the next sync cycle is complete.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-251">Azure AD Connect wizard does not accept an Azure AD account whose username starts with an underscore (\_).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-251">Azure AD Connect wizard does not accept an Azure AD account whose username starts with an underscore (\_).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-252">Azure AD Connect wizard fails to authenticate the Azure AD account if the account password contains too many special characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-252">Azure AD Connect wizard fails to authenticate the Azure AD account if the account password contains too many special characters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-253">Error message "Unable to validate credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-253">Error message "Unable to validate credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-254">An unexpected error has occurred."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-254">An unexpected error has occurred."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-255">is returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-255">is returned.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-256">Uninstalling staging server disables password synchronization in Azure AD tenant and causes password synchronization to fail with active server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-256">Uninstalling staging server disables password synchronization in Azure AD tenant and causes password synchronization to fail with active server.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-257">Password synchronization fails in uncommon cases when there is no password hash stored on the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-257">Password synchronization fails in uncommon cases when there is no password hash stored on the user.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-258">When Azure AD Connect server is enabled for staging mode, password writeback is not temporarily disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-258">When Azure AD Connect server is enabled for staging mode, password writeback is not temporarily disabled.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-259">Azure AD Connect wizard does not show the actual password synchronization and password writeback configuration when server is in staging mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-259">Azure AD Connect wizard does not show the actual password synchronization and password writeback configuration when server is in staging mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-260">It always shows them as disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-260">It always shows them as disabled.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-261">Configuration changes to password synchronization and password writeback are not persisted by Azure AD Connect wizard when server is in staging mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-261">Configuration changes to password synchronization and password writeback are not persisted by Azure AD Connect wizard when server is in staging mode.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-262">**Improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-262">**Improvements:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-263">Updated the Start-ADSyncSyncCycle cmdlet to indicate whether it is able to successfully start a new sync cycle or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-263">Updated the Start-ADSyncSyncCycle cmdlet to indicate whether it is able to successfully start a new sync cycle or not.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-264">Added the Stop-ADSyncSyncCycle cmdlet to terminate sync cycle and operation, which are currently in progress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-264">Added the Stop-ADSyncSyncCycle cmdlet to terminate sync cycle and operation, which are currently in progress.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-265">Updated the Stop-ADSyncScheduler cmdlet to terminate sync cycle and operation, which are currently in progress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-265">Updated the Stop-ADSyncScheduler cmdlet to terminate sync cycle and operation, which are currently in progress.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-266">When configuring [Directory extensions](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-directory-extensions.md) in Azure AD Connect wizard, the Azure AD attribute of type "Teletex string" can now be selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-266">When configuring [Directory extensions](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-directory-extensions.md) in Azure AD Connect wizard, the Azure AD attribute of type "Teletex string" can now be selected.</span></span>

## <a name="111890"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-267">1.1.189.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-267">1.1.189.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-268">Released: June 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-268">Released: June 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-269">**Fixed issues and improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-269">**Fixed issues and improvements:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-270">Azure AD Connect can now be installed on a FIPS-compliant server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-270">Azure AD Connect can now be installed on a FIPS-compliant server.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-271">For password synchronization, see [Password sync and FIPS](active-directory-aadconnectsync-implement-password-synchronization.md#password-synchronization-and-fips).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-271">For password synchronization, see [Password sync and FIPS](active-directory-aadconnectsync-implement-password-synchronization.md#password-synchronization-and-fips).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-272">Fixed an issue where a NetBIOS name could not be resolved to the FQDN in the Active Directory Connector.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-272">Fixed an issue where a NetBIOS name could not be resolved to the FQDN in the Active Directory Connector.</span></span>

## <a name="111800"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-273">1.1.180.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-273">1.1.180.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-274">Released: May 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-274">Released: May 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-275">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-275">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-276">Warns and helps you verify domains if you didn’t do it before running Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-276">Warns and helps you verify domains if you didn’t do it before running Azure AD Connect.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-277">Added support for [Microsoft Cloud Germany](active-directory-aadconnect-instances.md#microsoft-cloud-germany).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-277">Added support for [Microsoft Cloud Germany](active-directory-aadconnect-instances.md#microsoft-cloud-germany).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-278">Added support for the latest [Microsoft Azure Government cloud](active-directory-aadconnect-instances.md#microsoft-azure-government-cloud) infrastructure with new URL requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-278">Added support for the latest [Microsoft Azure Government cloud](active-directory-aadconnect-instances.md#microsoft-azure-government-cloud) infrastructure with new URL requirements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-279">**Fixed issues and improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-279">**Fixed issues and improvements:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-280">Added filtering to the Sync Rule Editor to make it easy to find sync rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-280">Added filtering to the Sync Rule Editor to make it easy to find sync rules.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-281">Improved performance when deleting a connector space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-281">Improved performance when deleting a connector space.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-282">Fixed an issue when the same object was both deleted and added in the same run (called delete/add).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-282">Fixed an issue when the same object was both deleted and added in the same run (called delete/add).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-283">A disabled sync rule no longer re-enables included objects and attributes on upgrade or directory schema refresh.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-283">A disabled sync rule no longer re-enables included objects and attributes on upgrade or directory schema refresh.</span></span>

## <a name="111300"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-284">1.1.130.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-284">1.1.130.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-285">Released: April 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-285">Released: April 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-286">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-286">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-287">Added support for multi-valued attributes to [Directory extensions](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-directory-extensions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-287">Added support for multi-valued attributes to [Directory extensions](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-directory-extensions.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-288">Added support for more configuration variations for [automatic upgrade](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-automatic-upgrade.md) to be considered eligible for upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-288">Added support for more configuration variations for [automatic upgrade](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-automatic-upgrade.md) to be considered eligible for upgrade.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-289">Added some cmdlets for [custom scheduler](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-scheduler.md#custom-scheduler).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-289">Added some cmdlets for [custom scheduler](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-scheduler.md#custom-scheduler).</span></span>

## <a name="111190"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-290">1.1.119.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-290">1.1.119.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-291">Released: March 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-291">Released: March 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-292">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-292">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-293">Made sure Express installation cannot be used on Windows Server 2008 (pre-R2) because password sync is not supported on this operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-293">Made sure Express installation cannot be used on Windows Server 2008 (pre-R2) because password sync is not supported on this operating system.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-294">Upgrade from DirSync with a custom filter configuration did not work as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-294">Upgrade from DirSync with a custom filter configuration did not work as expected.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-295">When upgrading to a newer release and there are no changes to the configuration, a full import/synchronization should not be scheduled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-295">When upgrading to a newer release and there are no changes to the configuration, a full import/synchronization should not be scheduled.</span></span>

## <a name="111100"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-296">1.1.110.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-296">1.1.110.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-297">Released: February 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-297">Released: February 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-298">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-298">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-299">Upgrade from earlier releases does not work if the installation is not in the default C:\Program Files folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-299">Upgrade from earlier releases does not work if the installation is not in the default C:\Program Files folder.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-300">If you install and clear **Start the synchronization process** at the end of the installation wizard, running the installation wizard a second time will not enable the scheduler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-300">If you install and clear **Start the synchronization process** at the end of the installation wizard, running the installation wizard a second time will not enable the scheduler.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-301">The scheduler doesn't work as expected on servers where the US-en date/time format is not used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-301">The scheduler doesn't work as expected on servers where the US-en date/time format is not used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-302">It will also block `Get-ADSyncScheduler` to return correct times.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-302">It will also block `Get-ADSyncScheduler` to return correct times.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-303">If you installed an earlier release of Azure AD Connect with AD FS as the sign-in option and upgrade, you cannot run the installation wizard again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-303">If you installed an earlier release of Azure AD Connect with AD FS as the sign-in option and upgrade, you cannot run the installation wizard again.</span></span>

## <a name="111050"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-304">1.1.105.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-304">1.1.105.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-305">Released: February 2016</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-305">Released: February 2016</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-306">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-306">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-307">[Automatic upgrade](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-automatic-upgrade.md) feature for Express settings customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-307">[Automatic upgrade](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-automatic-upgrade.md) feature for Express settings customers.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-308">Support for the global admin by using Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and Privileged Identity Management in the installation wizard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-308">Support for the global admin by using Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and Privileged Identity Management in the installation wizard.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-309">You need to allow your proxy to also allow traffic to https://secure.aadcdn.microsoftonline-p.com if you use Multi-Factor Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-309">You need to allow your proxy to also allow traffic to https://secure.aadcdn.microsoftonline-p.com if you use Multi-Factor Authentication.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-310">You need to add https://secure.aadcdn.microsoftonline-p.com to your trusted sites list for Multi-Factor Authentication to properly work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-310">You need to add https://secure.aadcdn.microsoftonline-p.com to your trusted sites list for Multi-Factor Authentication to properly work.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-311">Allow changing the user's sign-in method after initial installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-311">Allow changing the user's sign-in method after initial installation.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-312">Allow [Domain and OU filtering](active-directory-aadconnect-get-started-custom.md#domain-and-ou-filtering) in the installation wizard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-312">Allow [Domain and OU filtering](active-directory-aadconnect-get-started-custom.md#domain-and-ou-filtering) in the installation wizard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-313">This also allows connecting to forests where not all domains are available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-313">This also allows connecting to forests where not all domains are available.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-314">[Scheduler](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-scheduler.md) is built in to the sync engine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-314">[Scheduler](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-scheduler.md) is built in to the sync engine.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-315">**Features promoted from preview to GA:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-315">**Features promoted from preview to GA:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-316">[Device writeback](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-device-writeback.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-316">[Device writeback](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-device-writeback.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-317">[Directory extensions](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-directory-extensions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-317">[Directory extensions](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-directory-extensions.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-318">**New preview features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-318">**New preview features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-319">The new default sync cycle interval is 30 minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-319">The new default sync cycle interval is 30 minutes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-320">Used to be three hours for all earlier releases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-320">Used to be three hours for all earlier releases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-321">Adds support to change the [scheduler](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-scheduler.md) behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-321">Adds support to change the [scheduler](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-scheduler.md) behavior.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-322">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-322">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-323">The verify DNS domains page didn't always recognize the domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-323">The verify DNS domains page didn't always recognize the domains.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-324">Prompts for domain admin credentials when configuring AD FS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-324">Prompts for domain admin credentials when configuring AD FS.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-325">The on-premises AD accounts are not recognized by the installation wizard if located in a domain with a different DNS tree than the root domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-325">The on-premises AD accounts are not recognized by the installation wizard if located in a domain with a different DNS tree than the root domain.</span></span>

## <a name="1091310"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-326">1.0.9131.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-326">1.0.9131.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-327">Released: December 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-327">Released: December 2015</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-328">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-328">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-329">Password sync might not work when you change passwords in Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS), but works when you do set a password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-329">Password sync might not work when you change passwords in Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS), but works when you do set a password.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-330">When you have a proxy server, authentication to Azure AD might fail during installation, or if an upgrade is canceled on the configuration page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-330">When you have a proxy server, authentication to Azure AD might fail during installation, or if an upgrade is canceled on the configuration page.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-331">Updating from a previous release of Azure AD Connect with a full SQL Server instance fails if you are not a SQL Server system administrator (SA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-331">Updating from a previous release of Azure AD Connect with a full SQL Server instance fails if you are not a SQL Server system administrator (SA).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-332">Updating from a previous release of Azure AD Connect with a remote SQL Server shows the “Unable to access the ADSync SQL database” error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-332">Updating from a previous release of Azure AD Connect with a remote SQL Server shows the “Unable to access the ADSync SQL database” error.</span></span>

## <a name="1091250"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-333">1.0.9125.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-333">1.0.9125.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-334">Released: November 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-334">Released: November 2015</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-335">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-335">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-336">Can reconfigure AD FS to Azure AD trust.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-336">Can reconfigure AD FS to Azure AD trust.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-337">Can refresh the Active Directory schema and regenerate sync rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-337">Can refresh the Active Directory schema and regenerate sync rules.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-338">Can disable a sync rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-338">Can disable a sync rule.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-339">Can define "AuthoritativeNull" as a new literal in a sync rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-339">Can define "AuthoritativeNull" as a new literal in a sync rule.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-340">**New preview features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-340">**New preview features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-341">[Azure AD Connect Health for sync](../connect-health/active-directory-aadconnect-health-sync.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-341">[Azure AD Connect Health for sync](../connect-health/active-directory-aadconnect-health-sync.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-342">Support for [Azure AD Domain Services](../active-directory-passwords-getting-started.md#enable-users-to-reset-or-change-their-ad-passwords) password synchronization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-342">Support for [Azure AD Domain Services](../active-directory-passwords-getting-started.md#enable-users-to-reset-or-change-their-ad-passwords) password synchronization.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-343">**New supported scenario:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-343">**New supported scenario:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-344">Supports multiple on-premises Exchange organizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-344">Supports multiple on-premises Exchange organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-345">For more information, see [Hybrid deployments with multiple Active Directory forests](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj873754.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-345">For more information, see [Hybrid deployments with multiple Active Directory forests](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj873754.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-346">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-346">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-347">Password synchronization issues:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-347">Password synchronization issues:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-348">An object moved from out-of-scope to in-scope will not have its password synchronized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-348">An object moved from out-of-scope to in-scope will not have its password synchronized.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-349">This includes both OU and attribute filtering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-349">This includes both OU and attribute filtering.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-350">Selecting a new OU to include in sync does not require a full password sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-350">Selecting a new OU to include in sync does not require a full password sync.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-351">When a disabled user is enabled the password does not sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-351">When a disabled user is enabled the password does not sync.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-352">The password retry queue is infinite and the previous limit of 5,000 objects to be retired has been removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-352">The password retry queue is infinite and the previous limit of 5,000 objects to be retired has been removed.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-353"><<<<<<< HEAD <<<<<<< HEAD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-353"><<<<<<< HEAD <<<<<<< HEAD</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-354">[Improved troubleshooting](active-directory-aadconnectsync-implement-password-synchronization.md#troubleshoot-password-synchronization).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-354">[Improved troubleshooting](active-directory-aadconnectsync-implement-password-synchronization.md#troubleshoot-password-synchronization).</span></span>
=======
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-355">[Improved troubleshooting](active-directory-aadconnectsync-troubleshoot-password-synchronization.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-355">[Improved troubleshooting](active-directory-aadconnectsync-troubleshoot-password-synchronization.md).</span></span>
>>>>>>> <a name="487b660b6d3bb5ce9e64b6fdbde2ae621cb91922"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-356">487b660b6d3bb5ce9e64b6fdbde2ae621cb91922</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-356">487b660b6d3bb5ce9e64b6fdbde2ae621cb91922</span></span>
=======
  * <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-357">[Improved troubleshooting](active-directory-aadconnectsync-troubleshoot-password-synchronization.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-357">[Improved troubleshooting](active-directory-aadconnectsync-troubleshoot-password-synchronization.md).</span></span>
>>>>>>> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-358">4b2e846c2cd4615f4e4be7195899de11e3957c83</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-358">4b2e846c2cd4615f4e4be7195899de11e3957c83</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-359">Not able to connect to Active Directory with Windows Server 2016 forest-functional level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-359">Not able to connect to Active Directory with Windows Server 2016 forest-functional level.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-360">Not able to change the group that is used for group filtering after the initial installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-360">Not able to change the group that is used for group filtering after the initial installation.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-361">No longer creates a new user profile on the Azure AD Connect server for every user doing a password change with password writeback enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-361">No longer creates a new user profile on the Azure AD Connect server for every user doing a password change with password writeback enabled.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-362">Not able to use Long Integer values in sync rules scopes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-362">Not able to use Long Integer values in sync rules scopes.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-363">The check box "device writeback" remains disabled if there are unreachable domain controllers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-363">The check box "device writeback" remains disabled if there are unreachable domain controllers.</span></span>

## <a name="1086670"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-364">1.0.8667.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-364">1.0.8667.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-365">Released: August 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-365">Released: August 2015</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-366">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-366">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-367">The Azure AD Connect installation wizard is now localized to all Windows Server languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-367">The Azure AD Connect installation wizard is now localized to all Windows Server languages.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-368">Added support for account unlock when using Azure AD password management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-368">Added support for account unlock when using Azure AD password management.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-369">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-369">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-370">Azure AD Connect installation wizard crashes if another user continues installation rather than the person who first started the installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-370">Azure AD Connect installation wizard crashes if another user continues installation rather than the person who first started the installation.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-371">If a previous uninstallation of Azure AD Connect fails to uninstall Azure AD Connect sync cleanly, it is not possible to reinstall.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-371">If a previous uninstallation of Azure AD Connect fails to uninstall Azure AD Connect sync cleanly, it is not possible to reinstall.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-372">Cannot install Azure AD Connect using Express installation if the user is not in the root domain of the forest or if a non-English version of Active Directory is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-372">Cannot install Azure AD Connect using Express installation if the user is not in the root domain of the forest or if a non-English version of Active Directory is used.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-373">If the FQDN of the Active Directory user account cannot be resolved, a misleading error message “Failed to commit the schema” is shown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-373">If the FQDN of the Active Directory user account cannot be resolved, a misleading error message “Failed to commit the schema” is shown.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-374">If the account used on the Active Directory Connector is changed outside the wizard, the wizard fails on subsequent runs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-374">If the account used on the Active Directory Connector is changed outside the wizard, the wizard fails on subsequent runs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-375">Azure AD Connect sometimes fails to install on a domain controller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-375">Azure AD Connect sometimes fails to install on a domain controller.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-376">Cannot enable and disable “Staging mode” if extension attributes have been added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-376">Cannot enable and disable “Staging mode” if extension attributes have been added.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-377">Password writeback fails in some configurations because of a bad password on the Active Directory Connector.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-377">Password writeback fails in some configurations because of a bad password on the Active Directory Connector.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-378">DirSync cannot be upgraded if a distinguished name (DN) is used in attribute filtering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-378">DirSync cannot be upgraded if a distinguished name (DN) is used in attribute filtering.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-379">Excessive CPU usage when using password reset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-379">Excessive CPU usage when using password reset.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-380">**Removed preview features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-380">**Removed preview features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-381">The preview feature [User writeback](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-preview.md#user-writeback) was temporarily removed based on feedback from our preview customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-381">The preview feature [User writeback](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-preview.md#user-writeback) was temporarily removed based on feedback from our preview customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-382">It will be added again later after we have addressed the provided feedback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-382">It will be added again later after we have addressed the provided feedback.</span></span>

## <a name="1086410"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-383">1.0.8641.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-383">1.0.8641.0</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-384">Released: June 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-384">Released: June 2015</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-385">**Initial release of Azure AD Connect.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-385">**Initial release of Azure AD Connect.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-386">Changed name from Azure AD Sync to Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-386">Changed name from Azure AD Sync to Azure AD Connect.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-387">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-387">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-388">[Express settings](active-directory-aadconnect-get-started-express.md) installation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-388">[Express settings](active-directory-aadconnect-get-started-express.md) installation</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-389">Can [configure AD FS](active-directory-aadconnect-get-started-custom.md#configuring-federation-with-ad-fs)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-389">Can [configure AD FS](active-directory-aadconnect-get-started-custom.md#configuring-federation-with-ad-fs)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-390">Can [upgrade from DirSync](active-directory-aadconnect-dirsync-upgrade-get-started.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-390">Can [upgrade from DirSync](active-directory-aadconnect-dirsync-upgrade-get-started.md)</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-391">Prevent accidental deletes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-391">Prevent accidental deletes</span></span>](active-directory-aadconnectsync-feature-prevent-accidental-deletes.md)
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-392">Introduced [staging mode](active-directory-aadconnectsync-operations.md#staging-mode)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-392">Introduced [staging mode](active-directory-aadconnectsync-operations.md#staging-mode)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-393">**New preview features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-393">**New preview features:**</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-394">User writeback</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-394">User writeback</span></span>](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-preview.md#user-writeback)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-395">Group writeback</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-395">Group writeback</span></span>](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-preview.md#group-writeback)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-396">Device writeback</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-396">Device writeback</span></span>](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-device-writeback.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-397">Directory extensions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-397">Directory extensions</span></span>](active-directory-aadconnect-feature-preview.md)

## <a name="104940501"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-398">1.0.494.0501</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-398">1.0.494.0501</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-399">Released: May 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-399">Released: May 2015</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-400">**New Requirement:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-400">**New Requirement:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-401">Azure AD Sync now requires the .NET Framework version 4.5.1 to be installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-401">Azure AD Sync now requires the .NET Framework version 4.5.1 to be installed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-402">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-402">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-403">Password writeback from Azure AD is failing with an Azure Service Bus connectivity error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-403">Password writeback from Azure AD is failing with an Azure Service Bus connectivity error.</span></span>

## <a name="104910413"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-404">1.0.491.0413</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-404">1.0.491.0413</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-405">Released: April 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-405">Released: April 2015</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-406">**Fixed issues and improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-406">**Fixed issues and improvements:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-407">The Active Directory Connector does not process deletes correctly if the recycle bin is enabled and there are multiple domains in the forest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-407">The Active Directory Connector does not process deletes correctly if the recycle bin is enabled and there are multiple domains in the forest.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-408">The performance of import operations has been improved for the Azure Active Directory Connector.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-408">The performance of import operations has been improved for the Azure Active Directory Connector.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-409">When a group has exceeded the membership limit (by default, the limit is set to 50,000 objects), the group was deleted in Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-409">When a group has exceeded the membership limit (by default, the limit is set to 50,000 objects), the group was deleted in Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-410">With the new behavior, the group is not deleted, an error is thrown, and new membership changes are not exported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-410">With the new behavior, the group is not deleted, an error is thrown, and new membership changes are not exported.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-411">A new object cannot be provisioned if a staged delete with the same DN is already present in the connector space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-411">A new object cannot be provisioned if a staged delete with the same DN is already present in the connector space.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-412">Some objects are marked for synchronization during a delta sync even though there's no change staged on the object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-412">Some objects are marked for synchronization during a delta sync even though there's no change staged on the object.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-413">Forcing a password sync also removes the preferred DC list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-413">Forcing a password sync also removes the preferred DC list.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-414">CSExportAnalyzer has problems with some objects states.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-414">CSExportAnalyzer has problems with some objects states.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-415">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-415">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-416">A join can now connect to “ANY” object type in the MV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-416">A join can now connect to “ANY” object type in the MV.</span></span>

## <a name="104850222"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-417">1.0.485.0222</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-417">1.0.485.0222</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-418">Released: February 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-418">Released: February 2015</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-419">**Improvements:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-419">**Improvements:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-420">Improved import performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-420">Improved import performance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-421">**Fixed issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-421">**Fixed issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-422">Password Sync honors the cloudFiltered attribute that is used by attribute filtering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-422">Password Sync honors the cloudFiltered attribute that is used by attribute filtering.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-423">Filtered objects are no longer in scope for password synchronization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-423">Filtered objects are no longer in scope for password synchronization.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-424">In rare situations where the topology had many domain controllers, password sync doesn’t work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-424">In rare situations where the topology had many domain controllers, password sync doesn’t work.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-425">“Stopped-server” when importing from the Azure AD Connector after device management has been enabled in Azure AD/Intune.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-425">“Stopped-server” when importing from the Azure AD Connector after device management has been enabled in Azure AD/Intune.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-426">Joining Foreign Security Principals (FSPs) from multiple domains in same forest causes an ambiguous-join error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-426">Joining Foreign Security Principals (FSPs) from multiple domains in same forest causes an ambiguous-join error.</span></span>

## <a name="104751202"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-427">1.0.475.1202</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-427">1.0.475.1202</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-428">Released: December 2014</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-428">Released: December 2014</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-429">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-429">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-430">Password synchronization with attribute-based filtering is now supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-430">Password synchronization with attribute-based filtering is now supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-431">For more information, see [Password synchronization with filtering](active-directory-aadconnectsync-configure-filtering.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-431">For more information, see [Password synchronization with filtering](active-directory-aadconnectsync-configure-filtering.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-432">The msDS-ExternalDirectoryObjectID attribute is written back to Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-432">The msDS-ExternalDirectoryObjectID attribute is written back to Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-433">This feature adds support for Office 365 applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-433">This feature adds support for Office 365 applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-434">It uses OAuth2 to access Online and On-Premises mailboxes in a Hybrid Exchange Deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-434">It uses OAuth2 to access Online and On-Premises mailboxes in a Hybrid Exchange Deployment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-435">**Fixed upgrade issues:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-435">**Fixed upgrade issues:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-436">A newer version of the sign-in assistant is available on the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-436">A newer version of the sign-in assistant is available on the server.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-437">A custom installation path was used to install Azure AD Sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-437">A custom installation path was used to install Azure AD Sync.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-438">An invalid custom join criterion blocks the upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-438">An invalid custom join criterion blocks the upgrade.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-439">**Other fixes:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-439">**Other fixes:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-440">Fixed the templates for Office Pro Plus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-440">Fixed the templates for Office Pro Plus.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-441">Fixed installation issues caused by user names that start with a dash.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-441">Fixed installation issues caused by user names that start with a dash.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-442">Fixed losing the sourceAnchor setting when running the installation wizard a second time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-442">Fixed losing the sourceAnchor setting when running the installation wizard a second time.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-443">Fixed ETW tracing for password synchronization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-443">Fixed ETW tracing for password synchronization.</span></span>

## <a name="104701023"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-444">1.0.470.1023</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-444">1.0.470.1023</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-445">Released: October 2014</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-445">Released: October 2014</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-446">**New features:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-446">**New features:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-447">Password synchronization from multiple on-premises Active Directory to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-447">Password synchronization from multiple on-premises Active Directory to Azure AD.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-448">Localized installation UI to all Windows Server languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-448">Localized installation UI to all Windows Server languages.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-449">**Upgrading from AADSync 1.0 GA**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-449">**Upgrading from AADSync 1.0 GA**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-450">If you already have Azure AD Sync installed, there is one additional step you have to take in case you have changed any of the out-of-box synchronization rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-450">If you already have Azure AD Sync installed, there is one additional step you have to take in case you have changed any of the out-of-box synchronization rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-451">After you have upgraded to the 1.0.470.1023 release, the synchronization rules you have modified are duplicated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-451">After you have upgraded to the 1.0.470.1023 release, the synchronization rules you have modified are duplicated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-452">For each modified sync rule, do the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-452">For each modified sync rule, do the following:</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-453">Locate the sync rule you have modified and take a note of the changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-453">Locate the sync rule you have modified and take a note of the changes.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-454">Delete the sync rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-454">Delete the sync rule.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-455">Locate the new sync rule that is created by Azure AD Sync and then reapply the changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-455">Locate the new sync rule that is created by Azure AD Sync and then reapply the changes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-456">**Permissions for the Active Directory account**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-456">**Permissions for the Active Directory account**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-457">The Active Directory account must be granted additional permissions to be able to read the password hashes from Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-457">The Active Directory account must be granted additional permissions to be able to read the password hashes from Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-458">The permissions to grant are named “Replicating Directory Changes” and “Replicating Directory Changes All.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-458">The permissions to grant are named “Replicating Directory Changes” and “Replicating Directory Changes All.”</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b38fa-459">Both permissions are required to be able to read the password hashes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-459">Both permissions are required to be able to read the password hashes.</span></span>

## <a name="104190911"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-460">1.0.419.0911</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-460">1.0.419.0911</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-461">Released: September 2014</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-461">Released: September 2014</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-462">**Initial release of Azure AD Sync.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-462">**Initial release of Azure AD Sync.**</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="b38fa-463">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-463">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b38fa-464">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b38fa-464">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span></span>
