---
title: 'Azure AD Connect: Design concepts | Microsoft Docs'
description: This topic details certain implementation design areas
services: active-directory
documentationcenter: ''
author: billmath
manager: femila
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 4114a6c0-f96a-493c-be74-1153666ce6c9
ms.service: active-directory
ms.custom: azure-ad-connect
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: Identity
ms.date: 02/07/2017
ms.author: billmath
ms.openlocfilehash: cd323daa15dde3b72ff24e4b3ae3a9a631eb417b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44670463"
---
# <a name="azure-ad-connect-design-concepts"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-103">Azure AD Connect: Design concepts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-103">Azure AD Connect: Design concepts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-104">The purpose of this topic is to describe areas that must be thought through during the implementation design of Azure AD Connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-104">The purpose of this topic is to describe areas that must be thought through during the implementation design of Azure AD Connect.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-105">This topic is a deep dive on certain areas and these concepts are briefly described in other topics as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-105">This topic is a deep dive on certain areas and these concepts are briefly described in other topics as well.</span></span>

## <a name="sourceanchor"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-106">sourceAnchor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-106">sourceAnchor</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-107">The sourceAnchor attribute is defined as *an attribute immutable during the lifetime of an object*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-107">The sourceAnchor attribute is defined as *an attribute immutable during the lifetime of an object*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-108">It uniquely identifies an object as being the same object on-premises and in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-108">It uniquely identifies an object as being the same object on-premises and in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-109">The attribute is also called **immutableId** and the two names are used interchangeable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-109">The attribute is also called **immutableId** and the two names are used interchangeable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-110">The word immutable, that is "cannot be changed", is important to this topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-110">The word immutable, that is "cannot be changed", is important to this topic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-111">Since this attribute’s value cannot be changed after it has been set, it is important to pick a design that supports your scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-111">Since this attribute’s value cannot be changed after it has been set, it is important to pick a design that supports your scenario.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-112">The attribute is used for the following scenarios:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-112">The attribute is used for the following scenarios:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-113">When a new sync engine server is built, or rebuilt after a disaster recovery scenario, this attribute links existing objects in Azure AD with objects on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-113">When a new sync engine server is built, or rebuilt after a disaster recovery scenario, this attribute links existing objects in Azure AD with objects on-premises.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-114">If you move from a cloud-only identity to a synchronized identity model, then this attribute allows objects to "hard match" existing objects in Azure AD with on-premises objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-114">If you move from a cloud-only identity to a synchronized identity model, then this attribute allows objects to "hard match" existing objects in Azure AD with on-premises objects.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-115">If you use federation, then this attribute together with the **userPrincipalName** is used in the claim to uniquely identify a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-115">If you use federation, then this attribute together with the **userPrincipalName** is used in the claim to uniquely identify a user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-116">This topic only talks about sourceAnchor as it relates to users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-116">This topic only talks about sourceAnchor as it relates to users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-117">The same rules apply to all object types, but it is only for users this problem usually is a concern.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-117">The same rules apply to all object types, but it is only for users this problem usually is a concern.</span></span>

### <a name="selecting-a-good-sourceanchor-attribute"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-118">Selecting a good sourceAnchor attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-118">Selecting a good sourceAnchor attribute</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-119">The attribute value must follow the following rules:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-119">The attribute value must follow the following rules:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-120">Be less than 60 characters in length</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-120">Be less than 60 characters in length</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-121">Characters not being a-z, A-Z, or 0-9 are encoded and counted as 3 characters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-121">Characters not being a-z, A-Z, or 0-9 are encoded and counted as 3 characters</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-122">Not contain a special character: &#92; !</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-122">Not contain a special character: &#92; !</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-123"># $ % & \* + / = ?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-123"># $ % & \* + / = ?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-124">^ &#96; { } | ~ < > ( ) ' ; : , [ ] " @ _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-124">^ &#96; { } | ~ < > ( ) ' ; : , [ ] " @ _</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-125">Must be globally unique</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-125">Must be globally unique</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-126">Must be either a string, integer, or binary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-126">Must be either a string, integer, or binary</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-127">Should not be based on user's name, these changes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-127">Should not be based on user's name, these changes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-128">Should not be case-sensitive and avoid values that may vary by case</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-128">Should not be case-sensitive and avoid values that may vary by case</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-129">Should be assigned when the object is created</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-129">Should be assigned when the object is created</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-130">If the selected sourceAnchor is not of type string, then Azure AD Connect Base64Encode the attribute value to ensure no special characters appear.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-130">If the selected sourceAnchor is not of type string, then Azure AD Connect Base64Encode the attribute value to ensure no special characters appear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-131">If you use another federation server than ADFS, make sure your server can also Base64Encode the attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-131">If you use another federation server than ADFS, make sure your server can also Base64Encode the attribute.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-132">The sourceAnchor attribute is case-sensitive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-132">The sourceAnchor attribute is case-sensitive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-133">A value of “JohnDoe” is not the same as “johndoe”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-133">A value of “JohnDoe” is not the same as “johndoe”.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-134">But you should not have two different objects with only a difference in case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-134">But you should not have two different objects with only a difference in case.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-135">If you have a single forest on-premises, then the attribute you should use is **objectGUID**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-135">If you have a single forest on-premises, then the attribute you should use is **objectGUID**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-136">This is also the attribute used when you use express settings in Azure AD Connect and also the attribute used by DirSync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-136">This is also the attribute used when you use express settings in Azure AD Connect and also the attribute used by DirSync.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-137">If you have multiple forests and do not move users between forests and domains, then **objectGUID** is a good attribute to use even in this case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-137">If you have multiple forests and do not move users between forests and domains, then **objectGUID** is a good attribute to use even in this case.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-138">If you move users between forests and domains, then you must find an attribute that does not change or can be moved with the users during the move.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-138">If you move users between forests and domains, then you must find an attribute that does not change or can be moved with the users during the move.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-139">A recommended approach is to introduce a synthetic attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-139">A recommended approach is to introduce a synthetic attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-140">An attribute that could hold something that looks like a GUID would be suitable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-140">An attribute that could hold something that looks like a GUID would be suitable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-141">During object creation, a new GUID is created and stamped on the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-141">During object creation, a new GUID is created and stamped on the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-142">A custom sync rule can be created in the sync engine server to create this value based on the **objectGUID** and update the selected attribute in ADDS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-142">A custom sync rule can be created in the sync engine server to create this value based on the **objectGUID** and update the selected attribute in ADDS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-143">When you move the object, make sure to also copy the content of this value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-143">When you move the object, make sure to also copy the content of this value.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-144">Another solution is to pick an existing attribute you know does not change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-144">Another solution is to pick an existing attribute you know does not change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-145">Commonly used attributes include **employeeID**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-145">Commonly used attributes include **employeeID**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-146">If you consider an attribute that contains letters, make sure there is no chance the case (upper case vs. lower case) can change for the attribute's value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-146">If you consider an attribute that contains letters, make sure there is no chance the case (upper case vs. lower case) can change for the attribute's value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-147">Bad attributes that should not be used include those attributes with the name of the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-147">Bad attributes that should not be used include those attributes with the name of the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-148">In a marriage or divorce, the name is expected to change, which is not allowed for this attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-148">In a marriage or divorce, the name is expected to change, which is not allowed for this attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-149">This is also one reason why attributes such as **userPrincipalName**, **mail**, and **targetAddress** are not even possible to select in the Azure AD Connect installation wizard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-149">This is also one reason why attributes such as **userPrincipalName**, **mail**, and **targetAddress** are not even possible to select in the Azure AD Connect installation wizard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-150">Those attributes also contain the "@" character, which is not allowed in the sourceAnchor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-150">Those attributes also contain the "@" character, which is not allowed in the sourceAnchor.</span></span>

### <a name="changing-the-sourceanchor-attribute"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-151">Changing the sourceAnchor attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-151">Changing the sourceAnchor attribute</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-152">The sourceAnchor attribute value cannot be changed after the object has been created in Azure AD and the identity is synchronized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-152">The sourceAnchor attribute value cannot be changed after the object has been created in Azure AD and the identity is synchronized.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-153">For this reason, the following restrictions apply to Azure AD Connect:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-153">For this reason, the following restrictions apply to Azure AD Connect:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-154">The sourceAnchor attribute can only be set during initial installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-154">The sourceAnchor attribute can only be set during initial installation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-155">If you rerun the installation wizard, this option is read-only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-155">If you rerun the installation wizard, this option is read-only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-156">If you need to change this setting, then you must uninstall and reinstall.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-156">If you need to change this setting, then you must uninstall and reinstall.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-157">If you install another Azure AD Connect server, then you must select the same sourceAnchor attribute as previously used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-157">If you install another Azure AD Connect server, then you must select the same sourceAnchor attribute as previously used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-158">If you have earlier been using DirSync and move to Azure AD Connect, then you must use **objectGUID** since that is the attribute used by DirSync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-158">If you have earlier been using DirSync and move to Azure AD Connect, then you must use **objectGUID** since that is the attribute used by DirSync.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-159">If the value for sourceAnchor is changed after the object has been exported to Azure AD, then Azure AD Connect sync throws an error and does not allow any more changes on that object before the issue has been fixed and the sourceAnchor is changed back in the source directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-159">If the value for sourceAnchor is changed after the object has been exported to Azure AD, then Azure AD Connect sync throws an error and does not allow any more changes on that object before the issue has been fixed and the sourceAnchor is changed back in the source directory.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-ad-sign-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-160">Azure AD sign-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-160">Azure AD sign-in</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-161">While integrating your on-premises directory with Azure AD, it is important to understand how the synchronization settings can affect the way user authenticates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-161">While integrating your on-premises directory with Azure AD, it is important to understand how the synchronization settings can affect the way user authenticates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-162">Azure AD uses userPrincipalName (UPN) to authenticate the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-162">Azure AD uses userPrincipalName (UPN) to authenticate the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-163">However, when you synchronize your users, you must choose the attribute to be used for value of userPrincipalName carefully.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-163">However, when you synchronize your users, you must choose the attribute to be used for value of userPrincipalName carefully.</span></span>

### <a name="choosing-the-attribute-for-userprincipalname"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-164">Choosing the attribute for userPrincipalName</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-164">Choosing the attribute for userPrincipalName</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-165">When you are selecting the attribute for providing the value of UPN to be used in Azure one should ensure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-165">When you are selecting the attribute for providing the value of UPN to be used in Azure one should ensure</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-166">The attribute values conform to the UPN syntax (RFC 822), that is it should be of the format username@domain</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-166">The attribute values conform to the UPN syntax (RFC 822), that is it should be of the format username@domain</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-167">The suffix in the values matches to one of the verified custom domains in Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-167">The suffix in the values matches to one of the verified custom domains in Azure AD</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-168">In express settings, the assumed choice for the attribute is userPrincipalName.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-168">In express settings, the assumed choice for the attribute is userPrincipalName.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-169">If the userPrincipalName attribute does not contain the value you want your users to sign in to Azure, then you must choose **Custom Installation**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-169">If the userPrincipalName attribute does not contain the value you want your users to sign in to Azure, then you must choose **Custom Installation**.</span></span>

### <a name="custom-domain-state-and-upn"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-170">Custom domain state and UPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-170">Custom domain state and UPN</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-171">It is important to ensure that there is a verified domain for the UPN suffix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-171">It is important to ensure that there is a verified domain for the UPN suffix.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-172">John is a user in contoso.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-172">John is a user in contoso.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-173">You want John to use the on-premises UPN john@contoso.com to sign in to Azure after you have synced users to your Azure AD directory contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-173">You want John to use the on-premises UPN john@contoso.com to sign in to Azure after you have synced users to your Azure AD directory contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-174">To do so, you need to add and verify contoso.com as a custom domain in Azure AD before you can start syncing the users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-174">To do so, you need to add and verify contoso.com as a custom domain in Azure AD before you can start syncing the users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-175">If the UPN suffix of John, for example contoso.com, does not match a verified domain in Azure AD, then Azure AD replaces the UPN suffix with contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-175">If the UPN suffix of John, for example contoso.com, does not match a verified domain in Azure AD, then Azure AD replaces the UPN suffix with contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span></span>

### <a name="non-routable-on-premises-domains-and-upn-for-azure-ad"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-176">Non-routable on-premises domains and UPN for Azure AD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-176">Non-routable on-premises domains and UPN for Azure AD</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-177">Some organizations have non-routable domains, like contoso.local, or simple single label domains like contoso.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-177">Some organizations have non-routable domains, like contoso.local, or simple single label domains like contoso.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-178">You are not able to verify a non-routable domain in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-178">You are not able to verify a non-routable domain in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-179">Azure AD Connect can sync to only a verified domain in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-179">Azure AD Connect can sync to only a verified domain in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-180">When you create an Azure AD directory, it creates a routable domain that becomes default domain for your Azure AD for example, contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-180">When you create an Azure AD directory, it creates a routable domain that becomes default domain for your Azure AD for example, contoso.onmicrosoft.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-181">Therefore, it becomes necessary to verify any other routable domain in such a scenario in case you don't want to sync to the default onmicrosoft.com domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-181">Therefore, it becomes necessary to verify any other routable domain in such a scenario in case you don't want to sync to the default onmicrosoft.com domain.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-182">Read [Add your custom domain name to Azure Active Directory](../active-directory-add-domain.md) for more info on adding and verifying domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-182">Read [Add your custom domain name to Azure Active Directory](../active-directory-add-domain.md) for more info on adding and verifying domains.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-183">Azure AD Connect detects if you are running in a non-routable domain environment and would appropriately warn you from going ahead with express settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-183">Azure AD Connect detects if you are running in a non-routable domain environment and would appropriately warn you from going ahead with express settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-184">If you are operating in a non-routable domain, then it is likely that the UPN of the users have non-routable suffixes too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-184">If you are operating in a non-routable domain, then it is likely that the UPN of the users have non-routable suffixes too.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-185">For example, if you are running under contoso.local, Azure AD Connect suggests you to use custom settings rather than using express settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-185">For example, if you are running under contoso.local, Azure AD Connect suggests you to use custom settings rather than using express settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-186">Using custom settings, you are able to specify the attribute that should be used as UPN to sign in to Azure after the users are synced to Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-186">Using custom settings, you are able to specify the attribute that should be used as UPN to sign in to Azure after the users are synced to Azure AD.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-187">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-187">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fe7ab-188">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fe7ab-188">Learn more about [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](active-directory-aadconnect.md).</span></span>

