---
title: Modify the StorSimple device configuration | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes how to use the StorSimple Manager service to reconfigure a StorSimple device that has already been deployed.
services: storsimple
documentationcenter: NA
author: SharS
manager: carmonm
editor: ''
ms.assetid: bb679264-8d46-429c-9ef7-630dc3b4a423
ms.service: storsimple
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: TBD
ms.date: 09/29/2016
ms.author: v-sharos
ms.openlocfilehash: 0894908fc4d050e7890dd21e698bf3981a7413f7
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44671939"
---
# <a name="use-the-storsimple-manager-service-to-modify-your-storsimple-device-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-103">Use the StorSimple Manager service to modify your StorSimple device configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-103">Use the StorSimple Manager service to modify your StorSimple device configuration</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-105">The Azure classic portal **Configure** page contains all the device parameters that you can reconfigure on a StorSimple device that is managed by a StorSimple Manager service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-105">The Azure classic portal **Configure** page contains all the device parameters that you can reconfigure on a StorSimple device that is managed by a StorSimple Manager service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-106">This tutorial explains how you can use the **Configure** page to perform the following device-level tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-106">This tutorial explains how you can use the **Configure** page to perform the following device-level tasks:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-107">Modify device settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-107">Modify device settings</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-108">Modify time settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-108">Modify time settings</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-109">Modify DNS settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-109">Modify DNS settings</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-110">Modify network interfaces</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-110">Modify network interfaces</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-111">Swap or reassign IPs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-111">Swap or reassign IPs</span></span>

## <a name="modify-device-settings"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-112">Modify device settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-112">Modify device settings</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-113">The device settings include the friendly name of the device and the device description.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-113">The device settings include the friendly name of the device and the device description.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-114">A StorSimple device that is connected to the StorSimple Manager service is assigned a default name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-114">A StorSimple device that is connected to the StorSimple Manager service is assigned a default name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-115">The default name typically reflects the serial number of the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-115">The default name typically reflects the serial number of the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-116">For example, a default device name that is 15 characters long, such as 8600-SHX0991003G44HT, indicates the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-116">For example, a default device name that is 15 characters long, such as 8600-SHX0991003G44HT, indicates the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-117">**8600**  – Indicates the device model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-117">**8600**  – Indicates the device model.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-118">**SHX** – Indicates the manufacturing site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-118">**SHX** – Indicates the manufacturing site.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-119">**0991003** - Indicates a specific product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-119">**0991003** - Indicates a specific product.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-120">**G44HT**- The last 5 digits are incremented to create unique serial numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-120">**G44HT**- The last 5 digits are incremented to create unique serial numbers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-121">This might not be a sequential set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-121">This might not be a sequential set.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-122">You can use the Azure classic portal to change the device name and assign it a unique friendly name of your choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-122">You can use the Azure classic portal to change the device name and assign it a unique friendly name of your choice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-123">The friendly name can contain any characters and can be a maximum of 64 characters long.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-123">The friendly name can contain any characters and can be a maximum of 64 characters long.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-124">You can also specify a device description.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-124">You can also specify a device description.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-125">A device description usually helps identify the owner and the physical location of the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-125">A device description usually helps identify the owner and the physical location of the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-126">The description field must contain fewer than 256 characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-126">The description field must contain fewer than 256 characters.</span></span>

## <a name="modify-time-settings"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-127">Modify time settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-127">Modify time settings</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-128">Your device must synchronize time in order to authenticate with your cloud storage service provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-128">Your device must synchronize time in order to authenticate with your cloud storage service provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-129">Select your time zone from the drop-down list, and specify up to two Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-129">Select your time zone from the drop-down list, and specify up to two Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-130">The primary NTP server is required and is specified when you use Windows PowerShell for StorSimple to configure your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-130">The primary NTP server is required and is specified when you use Windows PowerShell for StorSimple to configure your device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-131">You can specify the default Windows Server **time.windows.com** as your NTP server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-131">You can specify the default Windows Server **time.windows.com** as your NTP server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-132">You can view the primary NTP server configuration through the Azure classic portal, but you must use the Windows PowerShell interface to change it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-132">You can view the primary NTP server configuration through the Azure classic portal, but you must use the Windows PowerShell interface to change it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-133">The secondary NTP server configuration is optional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-133">The secondary NTP server configuration is optional.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-134">You can use the classic portal to configure a secondary NTP server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-134">You can use the classic portal to configure a secondary NTP server.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-135">When configuring the NTP server, ensure that your network allows the NTP traffic to pass from your datacenter to the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-135">When configuring the NTP server, ensure that your network allows the NTP traffic to pass from your datacenter to the Internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-136">When specifying a public NTP server, you must make sure that your network firewalls and other security devices are configured to allow NTP traffic to travel to and from the outside network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-136">When specifying a public NTP server, you must make sure that your network firewalls and other security devices are configured to allow NTP traffic to travel to and from the outside network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-137">If bidirectional NTP traffic is not permitted, you must use an internal NTP server (a Windows domain controller provides this function).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-137">If bidirectional NTP traffic is not permitted, you must use an internal NTP server (a Windows domain controller provides this function).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-138">If your device cannot synchronize time, it may not be able to communicate with your cloud storage provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-138">If your device cannot synchronize time, it may not be able to communicate with your cloud storage provider.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-139">To see a list of public NTP servers, go to the [NTP Servers Web](http://support.ntp.org/bin/view/Servers/WebHome).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-139">To see a list of public NTP servers, go to the [NTP Servers Web](http://support.ntp.org/bin/view/Servers/WebHome).</span></span> 

### <a name="what-happens-if-the-device-is-deployed-in-a-different-time-zone"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-140">What happens if the device is deployed in a different time zone?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-140">What happens if the device is deployed in a different time zone?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-141">If the device is deployed in a different time zone, the device time zone will change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-141">If the device is deployed in a different time zone, the device time zone will change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-142">Given that all the backup policies use the device time zone, the backup policies will automatically adjust in accordance with the new time zone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-142">Given that all the backup policies use the device time zone, the backup policies will automatically adjust in accordance with the new time zone.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-143">No user intervention is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-143">No user intervention is required.</span></span>

## <a name="modify-dns-settings"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-144">Modify DNS settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-144">Modify DNS settings</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-145">A DNS server is used when your device attempts to communicate with your cloud storage service provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-145">A DNS server is used when your device attempts to communicate with your cloud storage service provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-146">For high availability, you are required to configure both the primary and the secondary DNS servers during the initial device deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-146">For high availability, you are required to configure both the primary and the secondary DNS servers during the initial device deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-147">To reconfigure the primary DNS server, you will need to use the Windows PowerShell interface on your StorSimple device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-147">To reconfigure the primary DNS server, you will need to use the Windows PowerShell interface on your StorSimple device.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-148">To modify the secondary DNS server, you can use the Azure classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-148">To modify the secondary DNS server, you can use the Azure classic portal.</span></span>

## <a name="modify-network-interfaces"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-149">Modify network interfaces</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-149">Modify network interfaces</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-150">Your device has six device network interfaces, four of which are 1 GbE and two of which are 10 GbE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-150">Your device has six device network interfaces, four of which are 1 GbE and two of which are 10 GbE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-151">These interfaces are labeled as DATA 0 – DATA 5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-151">These interfaces are labeled as DATA 0 – DATA 5.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-152">DATA 0, DATA 1, DATA 4, and DATA 5 are 1 GbE, whereas DATA 2 and DATA 3 are 10 GbE network interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-152">DATA 0, DATA 1, DATA 4, and DATA 5 are 1 GbE, whereas DATA 2 and DATA 3 are 10 GbE network interfaces.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-153">Configure **Network Interface Settings** for each of the interfaces to be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-153">Configure **Network Interface Settings** for each of the interfaces to be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-154">To ensure high availability, we recommend that you have at least two iSCSI interfaces and two cloud-enabled interfaces on your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-154">To ensure high availability, we recommend that you have at least two iSCSI interfaces and two cloud-enabled interfaces on your device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-155">We recommend but do not require that unused interfaces be disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-155">We recommend but do not require that unused interfaces be disabled.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-156">When you configure any of the network interfaces, you must configure a virtual IP (VIP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-156">When you configure any of the network interfaces, you must configure a virtual IP (VIP).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-157">DATA 0 is cloud-enabled by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-157">DATA 0 is cloud-enabled by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-158">When configuring DATA 0, you are also required to configure two fixed IP addresses, one for each controller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-158">When configuring DATA 0, you are also required to configure two fixed IP addresses, one for each controller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-159">These fixed IP addresses can be used to access the device controllers directly and are useful when you install updates on the device or when you access the controllers for the purpose of troubleshooting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-159">These fixed IP addresses can be used to access the device controllers directly and are useful when you install updates on the device or when you access the controllers for the purpose of troubleshooting.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-160">In StorSimple 8000 Series Update 1, the routing metric of DATA 0 is set to the lowest; therefore, if your device is running StorSimple 8000 Series Update 1, all the cloud traffic will be routed through DATA 0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-160">In StorSimple 8000 Series Update 1, the routing metric of DATA 0 is set to the lowest; therefore, if your device is running StorSimple 8000 Series Update 1, all the cloud traffic will be routed through DATA 0.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-161">Make a note of this if you have more than one cloud-enabled network interface on your StorSimple device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-161">Make a note of this if you have more than one cloud-enabled network interface on your StorSimple device.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-162">The fixed IP addresses for the controller are used for servicing the updates to the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-162">The fixed IP addresses for the controller are used for servicing the updates to the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-163">Therefore, the fixed IPs must be routable and able to connect to the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-163">Therefore, the fixed IPs must be routable and able to connect to the Internet.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-164">For each network interface, the following parameters are displayed:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-164">For each network interface, the following parameters are displayed:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-165">**Speed** – Not a user-configurable parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-165">**Speed** – Not a user-configurable parameter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-166">DATA 0, DATA 1, DATA 4, and DATA 5 are always 1 GbE, whereas DATA 2 and DATA 3 are 10 GbE interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-166">DATA 0, DATA 1, DATA 4, and DATA 5 are always 1 GbE, whereas DATA 2 and DATA 3 are 10 GbE interfaces.</span></span>
  
  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-167">Speed and duplex are always auto-negotiated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-167">Speed and duplex are always auto-negotiated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-168">Jumbo frames are not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-168">Jumbo frames are not supported.</span></span>
  > 
  > 
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-169">**Interface state** – An interface can be enabled or disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-169">**Interface state** – An interface can be enabled or disabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-170">If enabled, the device will attempt to use the interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-170">If enabled, the device will attempt to use the interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-171">We recommend that only those interfaces that are connected to the network and used be enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-171">We recommend that only those interfaces that are connected to the network and used be enabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-172">Disable any interfaces that you are not using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-172">Disable any interfaces that you are not using.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-173">**Interface type** – This parameter allows you to isolate iSCSI traffic from cloud storage traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-173">**Interface type** – This parameter allows you to isolate iSCSI traffic from cloud storage traffic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-174">This parameter can be one of the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-174">This parameter can be one of the following:</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-175">**Cloud enabled** – when enabled, the device will use this interface to communicate with the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-175">**Cloud enabled** – when enabled, the device will use this interface to communicate with the cloud.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-176">**iSCSI enabled** – when enabled, the device will use this interface to communicate with the iSCSI host.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-176">**iSCSI enabled** – when enabled, the device will use this interface to communicate with the iSCSI host.</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-177">We recommend that you isolate iSCSI traffic from cloud storage traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-177">We recommend that you isolate iSCSI traffic from cloud storage traffic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-178">Also note if your host is within the same subnet as your device, you do not need to assign a gateway; however, if your host is in a different subnet than your device, you will need to assign a gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-178">Also note if your host is within the same subnet as your device, you do not need to assign a gateway; however, if your host is in a different subnet than your device, you will need to assign a gateway.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-179">**IP address** – This can be IPv4 or IPv6 or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-179">**IP address** – This can be IPv4 or IPv6 or both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-180">Both the IPv4 and IPv6 address families are supported for the device network interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-180">Both the IPv4 and IPv6 address families are supported for the device network interfaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-181">When using IPv4, specify a 32-bit IP address (*xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx*) in dot-decimal notation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-181">When using IPv4, specify a 32-bit IP address (*xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx*) in dot-decimal notation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-182">When using IPv6, simply supply a 4-digit prefix, and a 128-bit address will be generated automatically for your device network interface based on that prefix.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-182">When using IPv6, simply supply a 4-digit prefix, and a 128-bit address will be generated automatically for your device network interface based on that prefix.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-183">**Subnet** – This refers to the subnet mask and is configured via the Windows PowerShell interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-183">**Subnet** – This refers to the subnet mask and is configured via the Windows PowerShell interface.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-184">**Gateway** – This is the default gateway that should be used by this interface when it attempts to communicate with nodes that are not within the same IP address space (subnet).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-184">**Gateway** – This is the default gateway that should be used by this interface when it attempts to communicate with nodes that are not within the same IP address space (subnet).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-185">The default gateway must be in the same address space (subnet) as the interface IP address, as determined by the subnet mask.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-185">The default gateway must be in the same address space (subnet) as the interface IP address, as determined by the subnet mask.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-186">**Fixed IP address** – This field is available only while you configure the DATA 0 interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-186">**Fixed IP address** – This field is available only while you configure the DATA 0 interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-187">For operations such as updates or troubleshooting the device, you may need to connect directly to the device controller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-187">For operations such as updates or troubleshooting the device, you may need to connect directly to the device controller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-188">The fixed IP address can be used to access both the active and the passive controller on your device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-188">The fixed IP address can be used to access both the active and the passive controller on your device.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-189">You can reconfigure Controller 0 and Controller 1 through the Azure classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-189">You can reconfigure Controller 0 and Controller 1 through the Azure classic portal.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> * <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-190">To ensure proper operation, verify the interface speed and duplex on the switch that each device interface is connected to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-190">To ensure proper operation, verify the interface speed and duplex on the switch that each device interface is connected to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-191">Switch interfaces should either negotiate with or be configured for Gigabit Ethernet (1000 Mbps) and be full-duplex.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-191">Switch interfaces should either negotiate with or be configured for Gigabit Ethernet (1000 Mbps) and be full-duplex.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-192">Interfaces operating at slower speeds or in half-duplex will result in performance issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-192">Interfaces operating at slower speeds or in half-duplex will result in performance issues.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-193">To minimize disruptions and downtime, we recommend that you enable portfast on each of the switch ports that the iSCSI network interface of your device will be connecting to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-193">To minimize disruptions and downtime, we recommend that you enable portfast on each of the switch ports that the iSCSI network interface of your device will be connecting to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-194">This will ensure that network connectivity can be established quickly in the event of a failover.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-194">This will ensure that network connectivity can be established quickly in the event of a failover.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="swap-or-reassign-ips"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-195">Swap or reassign IPs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-195">Swap or reassign IPs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-196">Currently, if any network interface on the controller is assigned a VIP that is in use (by the same device or another device in the network), then the controller will fail over.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-196">Currently, if any network interface on the controller is assigned a VIP that is in use (by the same device or another device in the network), then the controller will fail over.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-197">Therefore, you have to follow the proper procedure if you are swapping VIPs for the device network interface, because you will create a duplicate IP situation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-197">Therefore, you have to follow the proper procedure if you are swapping VIPs for the device network interface, because you will create a duplicate IP situation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-198">Perform the following steps to swap or reassign the VIPs for any of the network interfaces:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-198">Perform the following steps to swap or reassign the VIPs for any of the network interfaces:</span></span>

#### <a name="to-reassign-ips"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-199">To reassign IPs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-199">To reassign IPs</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-200">Clear the IP address for both interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-200">Clear the IP address for both interfaces.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-201">After the IP addresses are cleared, assign the new IP addresses to the respective interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-201">After the IP addresses are cleared, assign the new IP addresses to the respective interfaces.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-202">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-202">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-203">Learn how to [configure MPIO for your StorSimple device](storsimple-configure-mpio-windows-server.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-203">Learn how to [configure MPIO for your StorSimple device](storsimple-configure-mpio-windows-server.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4bbcb-204">Learn how to [use the StorSimple Manager service to administer your StorSimple device](storsimple-manager-service-administration.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4bbcb-204">Learn how to [use the StorSimple Manager service to administer your StorSimple device](storsimple-manager-service-administration.md).</span></span>

