---
title: Troubleshoot Linux VM deployment-Classic | Microsoft Docs
description: Troubleshoot classic deployment issues when you create a new Linux virtual machine in Azure
services: virtual-machines-linux
documentationcenter: ''
author: JiangChen79
manager: felixwu
editor: ''
tags: top-support-issue
ms.assetid: c8a963fa-6b2a-4c7a-a1f4-7793adb02b19
ms.service: virtual-machines-linux
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-linux
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 09/06/2016
ms.author: cjiang
ms.openlocfilehash: 35b8ae033425e16fb53cc3127f300e1fb919a2f2
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550932"
---
# <a name="troubleshoot-classic-deployment-issues-with-creating-a-new-linux-virtual-machine-in-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-103">Troubleshoot classic deployment issues with creating a new Linux virtual machine in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-103">Troubleshoot classic deployment issues with creating a new Linux virtual machine in Azure</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-selectors](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-linux-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-selectors-include.md)]

[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-opening](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-opening-include.md)]

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-104">Azure has two different deployment models for creating and working with resources: [Resource Manager and Classic](../../../resource-manager-deployment-model.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-104">Azure has two different deployment models for creating and working with resources: [Resource Manager and Classic](../../../resource-manager-deployment-model.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-105">This article covers using the Classic deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-105">This article covers using the Classic deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-106">Microsoft recommends that most new deployments use the Resource Manager model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-106">Microsoft recommends that most new deployments use the Resource Manager model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-107">For the Resource Manager version of this article, see [here](../troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-107">For the Resource Manager version of this article, see [here](../troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [support-disclaimer](../../../../includes/support-disclaimer.md)]

## <a name="collect-audit-logs"></a><span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-108">Collect audit logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-108">Collect audit logs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-109">To start troubleshooting, collect the audit logs to identify the error associated with the issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-109">To start troubleshooting, collect the audit logs to identify the error associated with the issue.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-110">In the Azure portal, click **Browse** > **Virtual machines** > *your Windows virtual machine* > **Settings** > **Audit logs**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-110">In the Azure portal, click **Browse** > **Virtual machines** > *your Windows virtual machine* > **Settings** > **Audit logs**.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-issue1](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-issue1-include.md)]

[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-linux-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-table](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-linux-troubleshoot-deployment-new-vm-table.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-111">**Y:** If the OS is Linux generalized, and it is uploaded and/or captured with the generalized setting, then there won’t be any errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-111">**Y:** If the OS is Linux generalized, and it is uploaded and/or captured with the generalized setting, then there won’t be any errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-112">Similarly, if the OS is Linux specialized, and it is uploaded and/or captured with the specialized setting, then there won’t be any errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-112">Similarly, if the OS is Linux specialized, and it is uploaded and/or captured with the specialized setting, then there won’t be any errors.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-113">**Upload Errors:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-113">**Upload Errors:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-114">**N<sup>1</sup>:** If the OS is Linux generalized, and it is uploaded as specialized, you will get a provisioning timeout error because the VM is stuck at the provisioning stage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-114">**N<sup>1</sup>:** If the OS is Linux generalized, and it is uploaded as specialized, you will get a provisioning timeout error because the VM is stuck at the provisioning stage.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-115">**N<sup>2</sup>:** If the OS is Linux specialized, and it is uploaded as generalized, you will get a provisioning failure error because the new VM is running with the original computer name, username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-115">**N<sup>2</sup>:** If the OS is Linux specialized, and it is uploaded as generalized, you will get a provisioning failure error because the new VM is running with the original computer name, username and password.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-116">**Resolution:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-116">**Resolution:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-117">To resolve both these errors, upload the original VHD, available on-prem, with the same setting as that for the OS (generalized/specialized).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-117">To resolve both these errors, upload the original VHD, available on-prem, with the same setting as that for the OS (generalized/specialized).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-118">To upload as generalized, remember to run -deprovision first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-118">To upload as generalized, remember to run -deprovision first.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-119">See [Create and Upload a Virtual Hard Disk that Contains the Linux Operating System](create-upload-vhd.md) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-119">See [Create and Upload a Virtual Hard Disk that Contains the Linux Operating System](create-upload-vhd.md) for more information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-120">**Capture Errors:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-120">**Capture Errors:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-121">**N<sup>3</sup>:** If the OS is Linux generalized, and it is captured as specialized, you will get a provisioning timeout error because the original VM is not usable as it is marked as generalized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-121">**N<sup>3</sup>:** If the OS is Linux generalized, and it is captured as specialized, you will get a provisioning timeout error because the original VM is not usable as it is marked as generalized.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-122">**N<sup>4</sup>:** If the OS is Linux specialized, and it is captured as generalized, you will get a provisioning failure error because the new VM is running with the original computer name, username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-122">**N<sup>4</sup>:** If the OS is Linux specialized, and it is captured as generalized, you will get a provisioning failure error because the new VM is running with the original computer name, username and password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-123">Also, the original VM is not usable because it is marked as specialized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-123">Also, the original VM is not usable because it is marked as specialized.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-124">**Resolution:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-124">**Resolution:**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-125">To resolve both these errors, delete the current image from the portal, and [recapture it from the current VHDs](capture-image.md) with the same setting as that for the OS (generalized/specialized).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-125">To resolve both these errors, delete the current image from the portal, and [recapture it from the current VHDs](capture-image.md) with the same setting as that for the OS (generalized/specialized).</span></span>

## <a name="issue-custom-gallery-marketplace-image-allocation-failure"></a><span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-126">Issue: Custom/ gallery/ marketplace image; allocation failure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-126">Issue: Custom/ gallery/ marketplace image; allocation failure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-127">This error arises in situations when the new VM request is sent to a cluster that either does not have available free space to accommodate the request, or cannot support the VM size being requested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-127">This error arises in situations when the new VM request is sent to a cluster that either does not have available free space to accommodate the request, or cannot support the VM size being requested.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-128">It is not possible to mix different series of VMs in the same cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-128">It is not possible to mix different series of VMs in the same cloud service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-129">So if you want to create a new VM of a different size than what your cloud service can support, the compute request will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-129">So if you want to create a new VM of a different size than what your cloud service can support, the compute request will fail.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-130">Depending on the constraints of the cloud service you use to create the new VM, you might encounter an error caused by one of two situations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-130">Depending on the constraints of the cloud service you use to create the new VM, you might encounter an error caused by one of two situations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-131">**Cause 1:** The cloud service is pinned to a specific cluster, or it is linked to an affinity group, and hence pinned to a specific cluster by design.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-131">**Cause 1:** The cloud service is pinned to a specific cluster, or it is linked to an affinity group, and hence pinned to a specific cluster by design.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-132">So new compute resource requests in that affinity group are tried in the same cluster where the existing resources are hosted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-132">So new compute resource requests in that affinity group are tried in the same cluster where the existing resources are hosted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-133">However, the same cluster may either not support the requested VM size or have insufficient available space, resulting in an allocation error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-133">However, the same cluster may either not support the requested VM size or have insufficient available space, resulting in an allocation error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-134">This is true whether the new resources are created through a new cloud service or through an existing cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-134">This is true whether the new resources are created through a new cloud service or through an existing cloud service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-135">**Resolution 1:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-135">**Resolution 1:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-136">Create a new cloud service and associate it with either a region or a region-based virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-136">Create a new cloud service and associate it with either a region or a region-based virtual network.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-137">Create a new VM in the new cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-137">Create a new VM in the new cloud service.</span></span>
  <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-138">If you get an error when trying to create a new cloud service, either retry at a later time or change the region for the cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-138">If you get an error when trying to create a new cloud service, either retry at a later time or change the region for the cloud service.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-139">If you were trying to create a new VM in an existing cloud service but couldn’t, and had to create a new cloud service for your new VM, you can choose to consolidate all your VMs in the same cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-139">If you were trying to create a new VM in an existing cloud service but couldn’t, and had to create a new cloud service for your new VM, you can choose to consolidate all your VMs in the same cloud service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-140">To do so, delete the VMs in the existing cloud service, and recapture them from their disks in the new cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-140">To do so, delete the VMs in the existing cloud service, and recapture them from their disks in the new cloud service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-141">However, it is important to remember that the new cloud service will have a new name and VIP, so you will need to update these for all the dependencies that currently use this information for the existing cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-141">However, it is important to remember that the new cloud service will have a new name and VIP, so you will need to update these for all the dependencies that currently use this information for the existing cloud service.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-142">**Cause 2:** The cloud service is associated with a virtual network that is linked to an affinity group, so it is pinned to a specific cluster by design.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-142">**Cause 2:** The cloud service is associated with a virtual network that is linked to an affinity group, so it is pinned to a specific cluster by design.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-143">All new compute resource requests in that affinity group are therefore tried in the same cluster where the existing resources are hosted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-143">All new compute resource requests in that affinity group are therefore tried in the same cluster where the existing resources are hosted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-144">However, the same cluster may either not support the requested VM size or have insufficient available space, resulting in an allocation error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-144">However, the same cluster may either not support the requested VM size or have insufficient available space, resulting in an allocation error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-145">This is true whether the new resources are created through a new cloud service or through an existing cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-145">This is true whether the new resources are created through a new cloud service or through an existing cloud service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-146">**Resolution 2:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-146">**Resolution 2:**</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-147">Create a new regional virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-147">Create a new regional virtual network.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-148">Create the new VM in the new virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-148">Create the new VM in the new virtual network.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-149">[Connect your existing virtual network](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/vnet-to-vnet-connecting-virtual-networks-in-azure-across-different-regions/) to the new virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-149">[Connect your existing virtual network](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/vnet-to-vnet-connecting-virtual-networks-in-azure-across-different-regions/) to the new virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-150">See more about [regional virtual networks](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/05/14/regional-virtual-networks/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-150">See more about [regional virtual networks](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/05/14/regional-virtual-networks/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-151">Alternatively, you can [migrate your affinity-group-based virtual network to a regional virtual network](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/11/26/migrating-existing-services-to-regional-scope/), and then create the new VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-151">Alternatively, you can [migrate your affinity-group-based virtual network to a regional virtual network](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/11/26/migrating-existing-services-to-regional-scope/), and then create the new VM.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-152">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-152">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dfe9f-153">If you encounter issues when you start a stopped Linux VM or resize an existing Linux VM in Azure, see [Troubleshoot classic deployment issues with restarting or resizing an existing Linux Virtual Machine in Azure](restart-resize-error-troubleshooting.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dfe9f-153">If you encounter issues when you start a stopped Linux VM or resize an existing Linux VM in Azure, see [Troubleshoot classic deployment issues with restarting or resizing an existing Linux Virtual Machine in Azure](restart-resize-error-troubleshooting.md).</span></span>

