---
redirect_url: https://azure.microsoft.com/services/documentdb/
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
ms.openlocfilehash: 27880401ccfca4c2c504eecc1aeb128d40c501a3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552322"
---
# <a name="storage-and-predictable-performance-provisioning-in-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-101">Storage and predictable performance provisioning in DocumentDB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-101">Storage and predictable performance provisioning in DocumentDB</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-102">Azure DocumentDB is a fully managed, scalable document-oriented NoSQL database service for JSON documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-102">Azure DocumentDB is a fully managed, scalable document-oriented NoSQL database service for JSON documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-103">With DocumentDB, you don’t have to rent virtual machines, deploy software, or monitor databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-103">With DocumentDB, you don’t have to rent virtual machines, deploy software, or monitor databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-104">DocumentDB is operated and continuously monitored by Microsoft engineers to deliver world class availability, performance, and data protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-104">DocumentDB is operated and continuously monitored by Microsoft engineers to deliver world class availability, performance, and data protection.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-105">You can get started with DocumentDB by [creating a database account](documentdb-create-account.md) and then creating a [DocumentDB collection and database](documentdb-create-collection.md) through the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-105">You can get started with DocumentDB by [creating a database account](documentdb-create-account.md) and then creating a [DocumentDB collection and database](documentdb-create-collection.md) through the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-106">DocumentDB databases are offered in units of solid-state drive (SSD) backed storage and throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-106">DocumentDB databases are offered in units of solid-state drive (SSD) backed storage and throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-107">These storage units are provisioned when you create database collections, each collection with reserved throughput that can be scaled up or down at any time to meet the demands of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-107">These storage units are provisioned when you create database collections, each collection with reserved throughput that can be scaled up or down at any time to meet the demands of your application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-108">If your application exceeds your reserved throughput for one or multiple collections, requests are limited on a per collection basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-108">If your application exceeds your reserved throughput for one or multiple collections, requests are limited on a per collection basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-109">This means that some application requests may succeed while others may be throttled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-109">This means that some application requests may succeed while others may be throttled.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-110">This article provides an overview of the resources and metrics available to manage capacity and plan data storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-110">This article provides an overview of the resources and metrics available to manage capacity and plan data storage.</span></span>

## <a name="database-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-111">Database account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-111">Database account</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-112">As an Azure subscriber, you can provision one or more DocumentDB database accounts to manage your database resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-112">As an Azure subscriber, you can provision one or more DocumentDB database accounts to manage your database resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-113">Each subscription is associated with a single Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-113">Each subscription is associated with a single Azure subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-114">DocumentDB accounts can be created through the [Azure portal](documentdb-create-account.md), or by using [an ARM template or Azure CLI](documentdb-automation-resource-manager-cli.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-114">DocumentDB accounts can be created through the [Azure portal](documentdb-create-account.md), or by using [an ARM template or Azure CLI](documentdb-automation-resource-manager-cli.md).</span></span>

## <a name="databases"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-115">Databases</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-115">Databases</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-116">A single DocumentDB database can contain practically an unlimited amount of document storage grouped into collections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-116">A single DocumentDB database can contain practically an unlimited amount of document storage grouped into collections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-117">Collections provide performance isolation - each collection can be provisioned with throughput that is not shared with other collections in the same database or account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-117">Collections provide performance isolation - each collection can be provisioned with throughput that is not shared with other collections in the same database or account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-118">A DocumentDB database is elastic in size, ranging from GBs to TBs of SSD backed document storage and provisioned throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-118">A DocumentDB database is elastic in size, ranging from GBs to TBs of SSD backed document storage and provisioned throughput.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-119">Unlike a traditional RDBMS database, a database in DocumentDB is not scoped to a single machine and can span multiple machines or clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-119">Unlike a traditional RDBMS database, a database in DocumentDB is not scoped to a single machine and can span multiple machines or clusters.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-120">With DocumentDB, as you need to scale your applications, you can create more collections or databases or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-120">With DocumentDB, as you need to scale your applications, you can create more collections or databases or both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-121">Databases can be created through the [Azure portal](documentdb-create-database.md) or through any one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-dotnet-samples.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-121">Databases can be created through the [Azure portal](documentdb-create-database.md) or through any one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-dotnet-samples.md).</span></span>   

## <a name="database-collections"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-122">Database collections</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-122">Database collections</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-123">Each DocumentDB database can contain one or more collections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-123">Each DocumentDB database can contain one or more collections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-124">Collections act as highly available data partitions for document storage and processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-124">Collections act as highly available data partitions for document storage and processing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-125">Each collection can store documents with heterogeneous schema.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-125">Each collection can store documents with heterogeneous schema.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-126">DocumentDB's automatic indexing and query capabilities allow you to easily filter and retrieve documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-126">DocumentDB's automatic indexing and query capabilities allow you to easily filter and retrieve documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-127">A collection provides the scope for document storage and query execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-127">A collection provides the scope for document storage and query execution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-128">A collection is also a transaction domain for all the documents contained within it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-128">A collection is also a transaction domain for all the documents contained within it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-129">Collections are allocated throughput based on the value set in the Azure portal or via the SDKs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-129">Collections are allocated throughput based on the value set in the Azure portal or via the SDKs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-130">Collections are automatically partitioned into one or more physical servers by DocumentDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-130">Collections are automatically partitioned into one or more physical servers by DocumentDB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-131">When you create a collection, you can specify the provisioned throughput in terms of request units per second and a partition key property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-131">When you create a collection, you can specify the provisioned throughput in terms of request units per second and a partition key property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-132">The value of this property is used by DocumentDB to distribute documents among partitions and route requests like queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-132">The value of this property is used by DocumentDB to distribute documents among partitions and route requests like queries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-133">The partition key value also acts as the transaction boundary for stored procedures and triggers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-133">The partition key value also acts as the transaction boundary for stored procedures and triggers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-134">Each collection has a reserved amount of throughput specific to that collection, which is not shared with other collections in the same account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-134">Each collection has a reserved amount of throughput specific to that collection, which is not shared with other collections in the same account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-135">Therefore, you can scale out your application both in terms of storage and throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-135">Therefore, you can scale out your application both in terms of storage and throughput.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-136">Collections can be created through the [Azure portal](documentdb-create-collection.md) or through any one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-136">Collections can be created through the [Azure portal](documentdb-create-collection.md) or through any one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md).</span></span>   

## <a name="request-units-and-database-operations"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-137">Request units and database operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-137">Request units and database operations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-138">When you create a collection, you reserve throughput in terms of [request units (RU)](documentdb-request-units.md) per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-138">When you create a collection, you reserve throughput in terms of [request units (RU)](documentdb-request-units.md) per second.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-139">Instead of thinking about and managing hardware resources, you can think of a **request unit** as a single measure for the resources required to perform various database operations and service an application request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-139">Instead of thinking about and managing hardware resources, you can think of a **request unit** as a single measure for the resources required to perform various database operations and service an application request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-140">A read of a 1 KB document consumes the same 1 RU regardless of the number of items stored in the collection or the number of concurrent requests running at the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-140">A read of a 1 KB document consumes the same 1 RU regardless of the number of items stored in the collection or the number of concurrent requests running at the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-141">All requests against DocumentDB, including complex operations like SQL queries have a predictable RU value that can be determined at development time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-141">All requests against DocumentDB, including complex operations like SQL queries have a predictable RU value that can be determined at development time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-142">If you know the size of your documents and the frequency of each operation (reads, writes and queries) to support for your application, you can provision the exact amount of throughput to meet your application's needs, and scale your database up and down as your performance needs change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-142">If you know the size of your documents and the frequency of each operation (reads, writes and queries) to support for your application, you can provision the exact amount of throughput to meet your application's needs, and scale your database up and down as your performance needs change.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-143">Each collection can be reserved with throughput in blocks of 100 request units per second, from hundreds up to millions of request units per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-143">Each collection can be reserved with throughput in blocks of 100 request units per second, from hundreds up to millions of request units per second.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-144">The provisioned throughput can be adjusted throughout the life of a collection to adapt to the changing processing needs and access patterns of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-144">The provisioned throughput can be adjusted throughout the life of a collection to adapt to the changing processing needs and access patterns of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-145">For more information, see [DocumentDB performance levels](documentdb-performance-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-145">For more information, see [DocumentDB performance levels](documentdb-performance-levels.md).</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-146">Collections are billable entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-146">Collections are billable entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-147">The cost is determined by the provisioned throughput of the collection measured in request units per second along with the total consumed storage in gigabytes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-147">The cost is determined by the provisioned throughput of the collection measured in request units per second along with the total consumed storage in gigabytes.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-148">How many request units will a particular operation like insert, delete, query, or stored procedure execution consume?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-148">How many request units will a particular operation like insert, delete, query, or stored procedure execution consume?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-149">A request unit is a normalized measure of request processing cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-149">A request unit is a normalized measure of request processing cost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-150">A read of a 1 KB document is 1 RU, but a request to insert, replace or delete the same document will consume more processing from the service and thereby more request units.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-150">A read of a 1 KB document is 1 RU, but a request to insert, replace or delete the same document will consume more processing from the service and thereby more request units.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-151">Each response from the service includes a custom header (`x-ms-request-charge`) that reports the request units consumed for the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-151">Each response from the service includes a custom header (`x-ms-request-charge`) that reports the request units consumed for the request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-152">This header is also accessible through the [SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-152">This header is also accessible through the [SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-153">In the .NET SDK, [RequestCharge](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn933057.aspx#P:Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.ResourceResponse`1.RequestCharge) is a property of the [ResourceResponse](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn799209.aspx) object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-153">In the .NET SDK, [RequestCharge](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn933057.aspx#P:Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.ResourceResponse`1.RequestCharge) is a property of the [ResourceResponse](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn799209.aspx) object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-154">If you want to estimate your throughput needs before making a single call, you can use the [capacity planner](documentdb-request-units.md#estimating-throughput-needs) to help with this estimation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-154">If you want to estimate your throughput needs before making a single call, you can use the [capacity planner](documentdb-request-units.md#estimating-throughput-needs) to help with this estimation.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-155">The baseline of 1 request unit for a 1 KB document corresponds to a simple GET of the document with [Session Consistency](documentdb-consistency-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-155">The baseline of 1 request unit for a 1 KB document corresponds to a simple GET of the document with [Session Consistency](documentdb-consistency-levels.md).</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-156">There are several factors that impact the request units consumed for an operation against a DocumentDB database account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-156">There are several factors that impact the request units consumed for an operation against a DocumentDB database account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-157">These factors include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-157">These factors include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-158">Document size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-158">Document size.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-159">As document sizes increase the units consumed to read or write the data will also increase.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-159">As document sizes increase the units consumed to read or write the data will also increase.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-160">Property count.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-160">Property count.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-161">Assuming default indexing of all properties, the units consumed to write a document will increase as the property count increases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-161">Assuming default indexing of all properties, the units consumed to write a document will increase as the property count increases.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-162">Data consistency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-162">Data consistency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-163">When using data consistency levels of Strong or Bounded Staleness, additional units will be consumed to read documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-163">When using data consistency levels of Strong or Bounded Staleness, additional units will be consumed to read documents.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-164">Indexed properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-164">Indexed properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-165">An index policy on each collection determines which properties are indexed by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-165">An index policy on each collection determines which properties are indexed by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-166">You can reduce your request unit consumption by limiting the number of indexed properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-166">You can reduce your request unit consumption by limiting the number of indexed properties.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-167">Document indexing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-167">Document indexing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-168">By default each document is automatically indexed, you will consume fewer request units if you choose not to index some of your documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-168">By default each document is automatically indexed, you will consume fewer request units if you choose not to index some of your documents.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-169">For more information, see [DocumentDB request units](documentdb-request-units.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-169">For more information, see [DocumentDB request units](documentdb-request-units.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-170">For example, here's a table that shows how many request units to provision at three different document sizes (1KB, 4KB, and 64KB) and at two different performance levels (500 reads/second + 100 writes/second and 500 reads/second + 500 writes/second).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-170">For example, here's a table that shows how many request units to provision at three different document sizes (1KB, 4KB, and 64KB) and at two different performance levels (500 reads/second + 100 writes/second and 500 reads/second + 500 writes/second).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-171">The data consistency was configured at Session, and the indexing policy was set to None.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-171">The data consistency was configured at Session, and the indexing policy was set to None.</span></span>

<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-172"><strong>Document size</strong></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-172"><strong>Document size</strong></span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-173"><strong>Reads/second</strong></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-173"><strong>Reads/second</strong></span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-174"><strong>Writes/second</strong></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-174"><strong>Writes/second</strong></span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-175"><strong>Request units</strong></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-175"><strong>Request units</strong></span></span></p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-176">1 KB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-176">1 KB</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-177">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-177">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-178">100</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-178">100</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-179">(500 \* 1) + (100 \* 5) = 1,000 RU/s</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-179">(500 \* 1) + (100 \* 5) = 1,000 RU/s</span></span></p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-180">1 KB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-180">1 KB</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-181">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-181">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-182">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-182">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-183">(500 \* 5) + (100 \* 5) = 3,000 RU/s</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-183">(500 \* 5) + (100 \* 5) = 3,000 RU/s</span></span></p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-184">4 KB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-184">4 KB</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-185">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-185">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-186">100</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-186">100</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-187">(500 \* 1.3) + (100 \* 7) = 1,350 RU/s</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-187">(500 \* 1.3) + (100 \* 7) = 1,350 RU/s</span></span></p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-188">4 KB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-188">4 KB</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-189">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-189">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-190">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-190">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-191">(500 \* 1.3) + (500 \* 7) = 4,150 RU/s</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-191">(500 \* 1.3) + (500 \* 7) = 4,150 RU/s</span></span></p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-192">64 KB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-192">64 KB</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-193">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-193">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-194">100</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-194">100</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-195">(500 \* 10) + (100 \* 48) = 9,800 RU/s</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-195">(500 \* 10) + (100 \* 48) = 9,800 RU/s</span></span></p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-196">64 KB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-196">64 KB</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-197">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-197">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-198">500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-198">500</span></span></p></td>
            <td valign="top"><p><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-199">(500 \* 10) + (500 \* 48) = 29,000 RU/s</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-199">(500 \* 10) + (500 \* 48) = 29,000 RU/s</span></span></p></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-200">Queries, stored procedures, and triggers consume request units based on the complexity of the operations being performed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-200">Queries, stored procedures, and triggers consume request units based on the complexity of the operations being performed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-201">As you develop your application, inspect the request charge header to better understand how each operation is consuming request unit capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-201">As you develop your application, inspect the request charge header to better understand how each operation is consuming request unit capacity.</span></span>  

## <a name="choice-of-consistency-level-and-throughput"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-202">Choice of consistency level and throughput</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-202">Choice of consistency level and throughput</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-203">The choice of default consistency level has an impact on the throughput and latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-203">The choice of default consistency level has an impact on the throughput and latency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-204">You can set the default consistency level both programmatically and through the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-204">You can set the default consistency level both programmatically and through the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-205">You can also override the consistency level on a per request basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-205">You can also override the consistency level on a per request basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-206">By default, the consistency level is set to **Session**, which provides monotonic read/writes and read your write guarantees.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-206">By default, the consistency level is set to **Session**, which provides monotonic read/writes and read your write guarantees.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-207">Session consistency is great for user-centric applications and provides an ideal balance of consistency and performance trade-offs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-207">Session consistency is great for user-centric applications and provides an ideal balance of consistency and performance trade-offs.</span></span>    

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-208">For instructions on changing your consistency level on the Azure portal, see [How to Manage a DocumentDB Account](documentdb-manage-account.md#consistency).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-208">For instructions on changing your consistency level on the Azure portal, see [How to Manage a DocumentDB Account](documentdb-manage-account.md#consistency).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-209">Or, for more information on consistency levels, see [Using consistency levels](documentdb-consistency-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-209">Or, for more information on consistency levels, see [Using consistency levels](documentdb-consistency-levels.md).</span></span>

## <a name="provisioned-document-storage-and-index-overhead"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-210">Provisioned document storage and index overhead</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-210">Provisioned document storage and index overhead</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-211">DocumentDB supports the creation of both single-partition and partitioned collections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-211">DocumentDB supports the creation of both single-partition and partitioned collections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-212">Each partition in DocumentDB supports up to 10 GB of SSD backed storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-212">Each partition in DocumentDB supports up to 10 GB of SSD backed storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-213">The 10GB of document storage includes the documents plus storage for the index.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-213">The 10GB of document storage includes the documents plus storage for the index.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-214">By default, a DocumentDB collection is configured to automatically index all of the documents without explicitly requiring any secondary indices or schema.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-214">By default, a DocumentDB collection is configured to automatically index all of the documents without explicitly requiring any secondary indices or schema.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-215">Based on applications using DocumentDB, the typical index overhead is between 2-20%.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-215">Based on applications using DocumentDB, the typical index overhead is between 2-20%.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-216">The indexing technology used by DocumentDB ensures that regardless of the values of the properties, the index overhead does not exceed more than 80% of the size of the documents with default settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-216">The indexing technology used by DocumentDB ensures that regardless of the values of the properties, the index overhead does not exceed more than 80% of the size of the documents with default settings.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-217">By default all documents are indexed by DocumentDB automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-217">By default all documents are indexed by DocumentDB automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-218">However, if you want to fine-tune the index overhead, you can choose to remove certain documents from being indexed at the time of inserting or replacing a document, as described in [DocumentDB indexing policies](documentdb-indexing-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-218">However, if you want to fine-tune the index overhead, you can choose to remove certain documents from being indexed at the time of inserting or replacing a document, as described in [DocumentDB indexing policies](documentdb-indexing-policies.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-219">You can configure a DocumentDB collection to exclude all documents within the collection from being indexed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-219">You can configure a DocumentDB collection to exclude all documents within the collection from being indexed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-220">You can also configure a DocumentDB collection to selectively index only certain properties or paths with wildcards of your JSON documents, as described in [Configuring the indexing policy of a collection](documentdb-indexing-policies.md#CustomizingIndexingPolicy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-220">You can also configure a DocumentDB collection to selectively index only certain properties or paths with wildcards of your JSON documents, as described in [Configuring the indexing policy of a collection](documentdb-indexing-policies.md#CustomizingIndexingPolicy).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-221">Excluding properties or documents also improves the write throughput – which means you will consume fewer request units.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-221">Excluding properties or documents also improves the write throughput – which means you will consume fewer request units.</span></span>   

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="34a0c-222">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-222">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-223">To continue learning about how DocumentDB works, see [Partitioning and scaling in Azure DocumentDB](documentdb-partition-data.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-223">To continue learning about how DocumentDB works, see [Partitioning and scaling in Azure DocumentDB](documentdb-partition-data.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="34a0c-224">For instructions on monitoring performance levels on the Azure portal, see [Monitor a DocumentDB account](documentdb-monitor-accounts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-224">For instructions on monitoring performance levels on the Azure portal, see [Monitor a DocumentDB account](documentdb-monitor-accounts.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="34a0c-225">For more information on choosing performance levels for collections, see [Performance levels in DocumentDB](documentdb-performance-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="34a0c-225">For more information on choosing performance levels for collections, see [Performance levels in DocumentDB](documentdb-performance-levels.md).</span></span>
