---
title: DocumentDB Database Questions - Frequently Asked Questions | Microsoft Docs
description: Get answers to frequently asked questions about Azure DocumentDB a NoSQL document database service for JSON. Answer database questions about capacity, performance levels, and scaling.
keywords: Database questions, frequently asked questions, documentdb, azure, Microsoft azure
services: documentdb
author: mimig1
manager: jhubbard
editor: monicar
documentationcenter: ''
ms.assetid: b68d1831-35f9-443d-a0ac-dad0c89f245b
ms.service: documentdb
ms.workload: data-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/08/2017
ms.author: mimig
ms.openlocfilehash: 8ebc1aa663f298d1f3f495523d85bda8777d5d29
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552916"
---
# <a name="frequently-asked-questions-about-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-105">Frequently asked questions about DocumentDB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-105">Frequently asked questions about DocumentDB</span></span>
## <a name="database-questions-about-microsoft-azure-documentdb-fundamentals"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-106">Database questions about Microsoft Azure DocumentDB fundamentals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-106">Database questions about Microsoft Azure DocumentDB fundamentals</span></span>
### <a name="what-is-microsoft-azure-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-107">What is Microsoft Azure DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-107">What is Microsoft Azure DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-108">Microsoft Azure DocumentDB is a blazing fast, planet-scale NoSQL document database-as-a-service that offers rich querying over schema-free data, helps deliver configurable and reliable performance, and enables rapid development, all through a managed platform backed by the power and reach of Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-108">Microsoft Azure DocumentDB is a blazing fast, planet-scale NoSQL document database-as-a-service that offers rich querying over schema-free data, helps deliver configurable and reliable performance, and enables rapid development, all through a managed platform backed by the power and reach of Microsoft Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-109">DocumentDB is the right solution for web, mobile, gaming, and IoT applications when predictable throughput, high availability, low latency, and a schema-free data model are key requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-109">DocumentDB is the right solution for web, mobile, gaming, and IoT applications when predictable throughput, high availability, low latency, and a schema-free data model are key requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-110">DocumentDB delivers schema flexibility and rich indexing via a native JSON data model, and includes multi-document transactional support with integrated JavaScript.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-110">DocumentDB delivers schema flexibility and rich indexing via a native JSON data model, and includes multi-document transactional support with integrated JavaScript.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-111">For more database questions, answers, and instructions on deploying and using this service, see the [DocumentDB documentation page](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/documentdb/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-111">For more database questions, answers, and instructions on deploying and using this service, see the [DocumentDB documentation page](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/documentdb/).</span></span>

### <a name="what-kind-of-database-is-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-112">What kind of database is DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-112">What kind of database is DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-113">DocumentDB is a NoSQL document oriented database that stores data in JSON format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-113">DocumentDB is a NoSQL document oriented database that stores data in JSON format.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="43f70-114">DocumentDB supports nested, self-contained-data structures that can be queried through a rich DocumentDB [SQL query grammar](documentdb-sql-query.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-114">DocumentDB supports nested, self-contained-data structures that can be queried through a rich DocumentDB [SQL query grammar](documentdb-sql-query.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-115">DocumentDB provides high-performance transactional processing of server-side JavaScript through [stored procedures, triggers, and user defined functions](documentdb-programming.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-115">DocumentDB provides high-performance transactional processing of server-side JavaScript through [stored procedures, triggers, and user defined functions](documentdb-programming.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-116">The database also supports developer tunable consistency levels with associated [performance levels](documentdb-performance-levels.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-116">The database also supports developer tunable consistency levels with associated [performance levels](documentdb-performance-levels.md).</span></span>

### <a name="do-documentdb-databases-have-tables-like-a-relational-database-rdbms"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-117">Do DocumentDB databases have tables like a relational database (RDBMS)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-117">Do DocumentDB databases have tables like a relational database (RDBMS)?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-118">No, DocumentDB  stores data in collections of JSON documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-118">No, DocumentDB  stores data in collections of JSON documents.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="43f70-119">For information on DocumentDB resources, see [DocumentDB resource model and concepts](documentdb-resources.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-119">For information on DocumentDB resources, see [DocumentDB resource model and concepts](documentdb-resources.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-120">For more information about how NoSQL solutions such as DocumentDB differ from relational solutions, see [NoSQL vs SQL](documentdb-nosql-vs-sql.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-120">For more information about how NoSQL solutions such as DocumentDB differ from relational solutions, see [NoSQL vs SQL](documentdb-nosql-vs-sql.md).</span></span>

### <a name="do-documentdb-databases-support-schema-free-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-121">Do DocumentDB databases support schema-free data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-121">Do DocumentDB databases support schema-free data?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-122">Yes, DocumentDB allows applications to store arbitrary JSON documents without schema definition or hints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-122">Yes, DocumentDB allows applications to store arbitrary JSON documents without schema definition or hints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-123">Data is immediately available for query through the DocumentDB SQL query interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-123">Data is immediately available for query through the DocumentDB SQL query interface.</span></span>   

### <a name="does-documentdb-support-acid-transactions"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-124">Does DocumentDB support ACID transactions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-124">Does DocumentDB support ACID transactions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-125">Yes, DocumentDB supports cross-document transactions expressed as JavaScript stored procedures and triggers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-125">Yes, DocumentDB supports cross-document transactions expressed as JavaScript stored procedures and triggers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-126">Transactions are scoped to a single partition within each collection and executed with ACID semantics as all or nothing isolated from other concurrently executing code and user requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-126">Transactions are scoped to a single partition within each collection and executed with ACID semantics as all or nothing isolated from other concurrently executing code and user requests.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="43f70-127">If exceptions are thrown through the server-side execution of JavaScript application code, the entire transaction is rolled back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-127">If exceptions are thrown through the server-side execution of JavaScript application code, the entire transaction is rolled back.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-128">For more information about transactions, see [Database program transactions](documentdb-programming.md#database-program-transactions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-128">For more information about transactions, see [Database program transactions](documentdb-programming.md#database-program-transactions).</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-typical-use-cases-for-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-129">What are the typical use cases for DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-129">What are the typical use cases for DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-130">DocumentDB is a good choice for new web, mobile, gaming and IoT applications where automatic scale, predictable performance, fast order of millisecond response times, and the ability to query over schema-free data is important.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-130">DocumentDB is a good choice for new web, mobile, gaming and IoT applications where automatic scale, predictable performance, fast order of millisecond response times, and the ability to query over schema-free data is important.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-131">DocumentDB lends itself to rapid development and supporting the continuous iteration of application data models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-131">DocumentDB lends itself to rapid development and supporting the continuous iteration of application data models.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-132">Applications that manage user generated content and data are [common use cases for DocumentDB](documentdb-use-cases.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-132">Applications that manage user generated content and data are [common use cases for DocumentDB](documentdb-use-cases.md).</span></span>  

### <a name="how-does-documentdb-offer-predictable-performance"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-133">How does DocumentDB offer predictable performance?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-133">How does DocumentDB offer predictable performance?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-134">A [request unit](documentdb-request-units.md) is the measure of throughput in DocumentDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-134">A [request unit](documentdb-request-units.md) is the measure of throughput in DocumentDB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-135">1 RU corresponds to the throughput of the GET of a 1KB document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-135">1 RU corresponds to the throughput of the GET of a 1KB document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-136">Every operation in DocumentDB, including reads, writes, SQL queries, and stored procedure executions has a deterministic RU value based on the throughput required to complete the operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-136">Every operation in DocumentDB, including reads, writes, SQL queries, and stored procedure executions has a deterministic RU value based on the throughput required to complete the operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-137">Instead of thinking about CPU, IO and memory and how they each impact your application throughput, you can think in terms of a single RU measure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-137">Instead of thinking about CPU, IO and memory and how they each impact your application throughput, you can think in terms of a single RU measure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-138">Each DocumentDB collection can be reserved with provisioned throughput in terms of RUs of throughput per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-138">Each DocumentDB collection can be reserved with provisioned throughput in terms of RUs of throughput per second.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-139">For applications of any scale, you can benchmark individual requests to measure their RU values, and provision collections to handle the sum total of request units across all requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-139">For applications of any scale, you can benchmark individual requests to measure their RU values, and provision collections to handle the sum total of request units across all requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-140">You can also scale up or scale down your collection’s throughput as the needs of your application evolve.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-140">You can also scale up or scale down your collection’s throughput as the needs of your application evolve.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-141">For more information about request units and for help determining your collection needs, read [Estimating throughput needs](documentdb-request-units.md#estimating-throughput-needs) and try the [throughput calculator](https://www.documentdb.com/capacityplanner).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-141">For more information about request units and for help determining your collection needs, read [Estimating throughput needs](documentdb-request-units.md#estimating-throughput-needs) and try the [throughput calculator](https://www.documentdb.com/capacityplanner).</span></span>

### <a name="is-documentdb-hipaa-compliant"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-142">Is DocumentDB HIPAA compliant?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-142">Is DocumentDB HIPAA compliant?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-143">Yes, DocumentDB is HIPAA-compliant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-143">Yes, DocumentDB is HIPAA-compliant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-144">HIPAA establishes requirements for the use, disclosure, and safeguarding of individually identifiable health information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-144">HIPAA establishes requirements for the use, disclosure, and safeguarding of individually identifiable health information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-145">For more information, see the [Microsoft Trust Center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/HIPAA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-145">For more information, see the [Microsoft Trust Center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/HIPAA).</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-storage-limits-of-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-146">What are the storage limits of DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-146">What are the storage limits of DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-147">There is no limit to the total amount of data that a collection can store in DocumentDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-147">There is no limit to the total amount of data that a collection can store in DocumentDB.</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-throughput-limits-of-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-148">What are the throughput limits of DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-148">What are the throughput limits of DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-149">There is no limit to the total amount of throughput that a collection can support in DocumentDB, if your workload can be distributed roughly evenly among a sufficiently large number of partition keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-149">There is no limit to the total amount of throughput that a collection can support in DocumentDB, if your workload can be distributed roughly evenly among a sufficiently large number of partition keys.</span></span>

### <a name="how-much-does-microsoft-azure-documentdb-cost"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-150">How much does Microsoft Azure DocumentDB cost?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-150">How much does Microsoft Azure DocumentDB cost?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-151">Refer to the [DocumentDB pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/documentdb/) page for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-151">Refer to the [DocumentDB pricing details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/documentdb/) page for details.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-152">DocumentDB usage charges are determined by the number of collections provisioned, the number of hours the collections were online, and the provisioned throughput for each collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-152">DocumentDB usage charges are determined by the number of collections provisioned, the number of hours the collections were online, and the provisioned throughput for each collection.</span></span>

### <a name="is-there-a-free-account-available"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-153">Is there a free account available?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-153">Is there a free account available?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-154">If you are new to Azure, you can sign up for an [Azure free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), which gives you 30 days and $200 to try all the Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-154">If you are new to Azure, you can sign up for an [Azure free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), which gives you 30 days and $200 to try all the Azure services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-155">Or, if you have a Visual Studio subscription, you are eligible for [$150 in free Azure credits per month](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/) to use on any Azure service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-155">Or, if you have a Visual Studio subscription, you are eligible for [$150 in free Azure credits per month](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/) to use on any Azure service.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-156">You can also use the [Azure DocumentDB Emulator](documentdb-nosql-local-emulator.md) to develop and test your application locally for free, without creating an Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-156">You can also use the [Azure DocumentDB Emulator](documentdb-nosql-local-emulator.md) to develop and test your application locally for free, without creating an Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-157">When you're satisfied with how your application is working in the DocumentDB Emulator, you can switch to using an Azure DocumentDB account in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-157">When you're satisfied with how your application is working in the DocumentDB Emulator, you can switch to using an Azure DocumentDB account in the cloud.</span></span>

### <a name="how-can-i-get-additional-help-with-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-158">How can I get additional help with DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-158">How can I get additional help with DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-159">If you need any help, reach out to us on [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-documentdb), or schedule a 1:1 chat with the DocumentDB engineering team by sending mail to [askdocdb@microsoft.com](mailto:askdocdb@microsoft.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-159">If you need any help, reach out to us on [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-documentdb), or schedule a 1:1 chat with the DocumentDB engineering team by sending mail to [askdocdb@microsoft.com](mailto:askdocdb@microsoft.com).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-160">To stay up to date on the latest DocumentDB news and features, follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DocumentDB).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-160">To stay up to date on the latest DocumentDB news and features, follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DocumentDB).</span></span>

## <a name="set-up-microsoft-azure-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-161">Set up Microsoft Azure DocumentDB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-161">Set up Microsoft Azure DocumentDB</span></span>
### <a name="how-do-i-sign-up-for-microsoft-azure-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-162">How do I sign up for Microsoft Azure DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-162">How do I sign up for Microsoft Azure DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-163">Microsoft Azure DocumentDB is available in the [Azure Portal][azure-portal].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-163">Microsoft Azure DocumentDB is available in the [Azure Portal][azure-portal].</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="43f70-164">First you must sign up for a Microsoft Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-164">First you must sign up for a Microsoft Azure subscription.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="43f70-165">Once you sign up for a Microsoft Azure subscription, you can add a DocumentDB account to your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-165">Once you sign up for a Microsoft Azure subscription, you can add a DocumentDB account to your Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-166">For instructions on adding a DocumentDB account, see [Create a DocumentDB database account](documentdb-create-account.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-166">For instructions on adding a DocumentDB account, see [Create a DocumentDB database account](documentdb-create-account.md).</span></span>   

### <a name="what-is-a-master-key"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-167">What is a master key?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-167">What is a master key?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-168">A master key is a security token to access all resources for an account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-168">A master key is a security token to access all resources for an account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-169">Individuals with the key have read and write access to the all resources in the database account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-169">Individuals with the key have read and write access to the all resources in the database account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-170">Use caution when distributing master keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-170">Use caution when distributing master keys.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-171">The primary master key and secondary master key are available in the \*\*Keys \*\*blade of the [Azure Portal][azure-portal].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-171">The primary master key and secondary master key are available in the \*\*Keys \*\*blade of the [Azure Portal][azure-portal].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-172">For more information about keys, see [View, copy, and regenerate access keys](documentdb-manage-account.md#keys).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-172">For more information about keys, see [View, copy, and regenerate access keys](documentdb-manage-account.md#keys).</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-create-a-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-173">How do I create a database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-173">How do I create a database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-174">You can create databases using the [Azure Portal]() as described in [Create a DocumentDB collection and database](documentdb-create-collection.md), one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md), or through the [REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781481.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-174">You can create databases using the [Azure Portal]() as described in [Create a DocumentDB collection and database](documentdb-create-collection.md), one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md), or through the [REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781481.aspx).</span></span>  

### <a name="what-is-a-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-175">What is a collection?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-175">What is a collection?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-176">A collection is a container of JSON documents and the associated JavaScript application logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-176">A collection is a container of JSON documents and the associated JavaScript application logic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-177">A collection is a billable entity, where the [cost](documentdb-performance-levels.md) is determined by the throughput and storage used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-177">A collection is a billable entity, where the [cost](documentdb-performance-levels.md) is determined by the throughput and storage used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-178">Collections can span one or more partitions/servers and can scale to handle practically unlimited volumes of storage or throughput.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-178">Collections can span one or more partitions/servers and can scale to handle practically unlimited volumes of storage or throughput.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-179">Collections are also the billing entities for DocumentDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-179">Collections are also the billing entities for DocumentDB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-180">Each collection is billed hourly based on the provisioned throughput and the storage space used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-180">Each collection is billed hourly based on the provisioned throughput and the storage space used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-181">For more information, see [DocumentDB pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/documentdb/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-181">For more information, see [DocumentDB pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/documentdb/).</span></span>  

### <a name="how-do-i-set-up-users-and-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-182">How do I set up users and permissions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-182">How do I set up users and permissions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-183">You can create users and permissions using one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md) or through the [REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781481.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-183">You can create users and permissions using one of the [DocumentDB SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md) or through the [REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781481.aspx).</span></span>   

## <a name="database-questions-about-developing-against-microsoft-azure-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-184">Database questions about developing against Microsoft Azure DocumentDB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-184">Database questions about developing against Microsoft Azure DocumentDB</span></span>
### <a name="how-to-do-i-start-developing-against-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-185">How to do I start developing against DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-185">How to do I start developing against DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-186">[SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md) are available for .NET, Python, Node.js, JavaScript, and Java.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-186">[SDKs](documentdb-sdk-dotnet.md) are available for .NET, Python, Node.js, JavaScript, and Java.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="43f70-187">Developers can also use the [RESTful HTTP APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781481.aspx) to interact with DocumentDB resources from various platforms and languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-187">Developers can also use the [RESTful HTTP APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781481.aspx) to interact with DocumentDB resources from various platforms and languages.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-188">Samples for the DocumentDB [.NET](documentdb-dotnet-samples.md), [Java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-java), [Node.js](documentdb-nodejs-samples.md), and [Python](documentdb-python-samples.md) SDKs are available on GitHub.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-188">Samples for the DocumentDB [.NET](documentdb-dotnet-samples.md), [Java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-java), [Node.js](documentdb-nodejs-samples.md), and [Python](documentdb-python-samples.md) SDKs are available on GitHub.</span></span>

### <a name="does-documentdb-support-sql"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-189">Does DocumentDB support SQL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-189">Does DocumentDB support SQL?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-190">The DocumentDB SQL query language is an enhanced subset of the query functionality supported by SQL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-190">The DocumentDB SQL query language is an enhanced subset of the query functionality supported by SQL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-191">The DocumentDB SQL query language provides rich hierarchical and relational operators and extensibility via JavaScript based user-defined functions (UDFs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-191">The DocumentDB SQL query language provides rich hierarchical and relational operators and extensibility via JavaScript based user-defined functions (UDFs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-192">JSON grammar allows for modeling JSON documents as trees with labels as the tree nodes, which is used by both the DocumentDB automatic indexing techniques and the SQL query dialect of DocumentDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-192">JSON grammar allows for modeling JSON documents as trees with labels as the tree nodes, which is used by both the DocumentDB automatic indexing techniques and the SQL query dialect of DocumentDB.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="43f70-193">For details on how to use the SQL grammar, see the [Query DocumentDB][query] article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-193">For details on how to use the SQL grammar, see the [Query DocumentDB][query] article.</span></span>

### <a name="does-documentdb-support-sql-aggregation-functions"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-194">Does DocumentDB support SQL aggregation functions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-194">Does DocumentDB support SQL aggregation functions?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-195">DocumentDB supports low latency aggregation at any scale via aggregate functions `COUNT`, `MIN`, `MAX`, `AVG`, and `SUM` via the SQL grammar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-195">DocumentDB supports low latency aggregation at any scale via aggregate functions `COUNT`, `MIN`, `MAX`, `AVG`, and `SUM` via the SQL grammar.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-196">For more information, see [Aggregate functions](documentdb-sql-query.md#Aggregates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-196">For more information, see [Aggregate functions](documentdb-sql-query.md#Aggregates).</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-data-types-supported-by-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-197">What are the data types supported by DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-197">What are the data types supported by DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-198">The primitive data types supported in DocumentDB are the same as JSON.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-198">The primitive data types supported in DocumentDB are the same as JSON.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-199">JSON has a simple type system that consists of Strings, Numbers (IEEE754 double precision), and Booleans - true, false, and Nulls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-199">JSON has a simple type system that consists of Strings, Numbers (IEEE754 double precision), and Booleans - true, false, and Nulls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-200">DocumentDB natively supports spatial types Point, Polygon, and LineString expressed as GeoJSON.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-200">DocumentDB natively supports spatial types Point, Polygon, and LineString expressed as GeoJSON.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-201">More complex data types like DateTime, Guid, Int64, and Geometry can be represented both in JSON and DocumentDB through the creation of nested objects using the { } operator and arrays using the [ ] operator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-201">More complex data types like DateTime, Guid, Int64, and Geometry can be represented both in JSON and DocumentDB through the creation of nested objects using the { } operator and arrays using the [ ] operator.</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-documentdb-provide-concurrency"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-202">How does DocumentDB provide concurrency?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-202">How does DocumentDB provide concurrency?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-203">DocumentDB supports optimistic concurrency control (OCC) through HTTP entity tags or etags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-203">DocumentDB supports optimistic concurrency control (OCC) through HTTP entity tags or etags.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-204">Every DocumentDB resource has an etag, and the etag is set on the server every time a document is updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-204">Every DocumentDB resource has an etag, and the etag is set on the server every time a document is updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-205">The etag header and the current value are included in all response messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-205">The etag header and the current value are included in all response messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-206">Etags can be used with the If-Match header to allow the server to decide if a resource should be updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-206">Etags can be used with the If-Match header to allow the server to decide if a resource should be updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-207">The If-Match value is the etag value to be checked against.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-207">The If-Match value is the etag value to be checked against.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-208">If the etag value matches the server etag value, the resource will be updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-208">If the etag value matches the server etag value, the resource will be updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-209">If the etag is no longer current, the server rejects the operation with an "HTTP 412 Precondition failure" response code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-209">If the etag is no longer current, the server rejects the operation with an "HTTP 412 Precondition failure" response code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-210">The client will then have to refetch the resource to acquire the current etag value for the resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-210">The client will then have to refetch the resource to acquire the current etag value for the resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-211">In addition, etags can be used with If-None-Match header to determine if a re-fetch of a resource is needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-211">In addition, etags can be used with If-None-Match header to determine if a re-fetch of a resource is needed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-212">To use optimistic concurrency in .NET, use the [AccessCondition](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/microsoft.azure.documents.client.accesscondition.aspx) class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-212">To use optimistic concurrency in .NET, use the [AccessCondition](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/microsoft.azure.documents.client.accesscondition.aspx) class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-213">For a .NET sample, see [Program.cs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/blob/master/samples/code-samples/DocumentManagement/Program.cs) in the DocumentManagement sample on github.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-213">For a .NET sample, see [Program.cs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-documentdb-dotnet/blob/master/samples/code-samples/DocumentManagement/Program.cs) in the DocumentManagement sample on github.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-perform-transactions-in-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-214">How do I perform transactions in DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-214">How do I perform transactions in DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-215">DocumentDB supports language-integrated transactions via JavaScript stored procedures and triggers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-215">DocumentDB supports language-integrated transactions via JavaScript stored procedures and triggers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-216">All database operations inside scripts are executed under snapshot isolation scoped to the collection if it is a single-partition collection, or documents with the same partition key value within a collection, if the collection is partitioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-216">All database operations inside scripts are executed under snapshot isolation scoped to the collection if it is a single-partition collection, or documents with the same partition key value within a collection, if the collection is partitioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-217">A snapshot of the document versions (ETags) is taken at the start of the transaction and committed only if the script succeeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-217">A snapshot of the document versions (ETags) is taken at the start of the transaction and committed only if the script succeeds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-218">If the JavaScript throws an error, the transaction is rolled back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-218">If the JavaScript throws an error, the transaction is rolled back.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-219">See [DocumentDB server-side programming](documentdb-programming.md) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-219">See [DocumentDB server-side programming](documentdb-programming.md) for more details.</span></span>

### <a name="how-can-i-bulk-insert-documents-into-documentdb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-220">How can I bulk insert documents into DocumentDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-220">How can I bulk insert documents into DocumentDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-221">There are three ways to bulk insert documents into DocumentDB:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-221">There are three ways to bulk insert documents into DocumentDB:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="43f70-222">The data migration tool, as described in [Import data to DocumentDB](documentdb-import-data.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-222">The data migration tool, as described in [Import data to DocumentDB](documentdb-import-data.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="43f70-223">Document Explorer in the Azure Portal, as described in [Bulk add documents with Document Explorer](documentdb-view-json-document-explorer.md#bulk-add-documents).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-223">Document Explorer in the Azure Portal, as described in [Bulk add documents with Document Explorer](documentdb-view-json-document-explorer.md#bulk-add-documents).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="43f70-224">Stored procedures, as described in [DocumentDB server-side programming](documentdb-programming.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-224">Stored procedures, as described in [DocumentDB server-side programming](documentdb-programming.md).</span></span>

### <a name="does-documentdb-support-resource-link-caching"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-225">Does DocumentDB support resource link caching?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-225">Does DocumentDB support resource link caching?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-226">Yes, because DocumentDB is a RESTful service, resource links are immutable and can be cached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-226">Yes, because DocumentDB is a RESTful service, resource links are immutable and can be cached.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-227">DocumentDB clients can specify an "If-None-Match" header for reads against any resource like document or collection and update their local copies only when the server version has change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-227">DocumentDB clients can specify an "If-None-Match" header for reads against any resource like document or collection and update their local copies only when the server version has change.</span></span>

### <a name="is-a-local-instance-of-documentdb-available"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-228">Is a local instance of DocumentDB available?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-228">Is a local instance of DocumentDB available?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-229">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-229">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-230">The [Azure DocumentDB Emulator](documentdb-nosql-local-emulator.md) provides a high-fidelity emulation of the DocumentDB service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-230">The [Azure DocumentDB Emulator](documentdb-nosql-local-emulator.md) provides a high-fidelity emulation of the DocumentDB service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-231">It supports identical functionality as Azure DocumentDB, including support for creating and querying JSON documents, provisioning and scaling collections, and executing stored procedures and triggers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-231">It supports identical functionality as Azure DocumentDB, including support for creating and querying JSON documents, provisioning and scaling collections, and executing stored procedures and triggers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-232">You can develop and test applications using the DocumentDB Emulator, and deploy them to Azure at global scale by just making a single configuration change to the connection endpoint for DocumentDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-232">You can develop and test applications using the DocumentDB Emulator, and deploy them to Azure at global scale by just making a single configuration change to the connection endpoint for DocumentDB.</span></span>

## <a name="database-questions-about-developing-against-api-for-mongodb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-233">Database questions about developing against API for MongoDB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-233">Database questions about developing against API for MongoDB</span></span>
### <a name="what-is-documentdbs-api-for-mongodb"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-234">What is DocumentDB's API for MongoDB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-234">What is DocumentDB's API for MongoDB?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-235">Microsoft Azure DocumentDB's API for MongoDB is a compatability layer that allows applications to easily and transparently communicate with the native DocumentDB database engine using existing, community supported Apache MongoDB APIs and drivers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-235">Microsoft Azure DocumentDB's API for MongoDB is a compatability layer that allows applications to easily and transparently communicate with the native DocumentDB database engine using existing, community supported Apache MongoDB APIs and drivers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-236">Developers can now use existing MongoDB tool chains and skills to build applications that leverage DocumentDB, benefitting from DocumentDB's unique capabilities, which include auto-indexing, backup maintenance, financially backed service level agreements (SLAs), etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-236">Developers can now use existing MongoDB tool chains and skills to build applications that leverage DocumentDB, benefitting from DocumentDB's unique capabilities, which include auto-indexing, backup maintenance, financially backed service level agreements (SLAs), etc.</span></span>

### <a name="how-to-do-i-connect-to-my-api-for-mongodb-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-237">How to do I connect to my API for MongoDB database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-237">How to do I connect to my API for MongoDB database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-238">The quickest way to connect to DocumentDB's API for MongoDB is to head over to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-238">The quickest way to connect to DocumentDB's API for MongoDB is to head over to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-239">Navigate your way to your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-239">Navigate your way to your account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-240">In the account's *Left Navigation*, click on *Quick Start*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-240">In the account's *Left Navigation*, click on *Quick Start*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-241">*Quick Start* is the best way to get code snippets to connect to your database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-241">*Quick Start* is the best way to get code snippets to connect to your database.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-242">DocumentDB enforces strict security requirements and standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-242">DocumentDB enforces strict security requirements and standards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="43f70-243">DocumentDB accounts require authentication and secure communication via *SSL*, so make sure to use TLSv1.2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-243">DocumentDB accounts require authentication and secure communication via *SSL*, so make sure to use TLSv1.2.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="43f70-244">For more details, see [Connect to your API for MongoDB database](documentdb-connect-mongodb-account.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-244">For more details, see [Connect to your API for MongoDB database](documentdb-connect-mongodb-account.md).</span></span>

### <a name="are-there-additional-error-codes-for-an-api-for-mongodb-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="43f70-245">Are there additional error codes for an API for MongoDB database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-245">Are there additional error codes for an API for MongoDB database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="43f70-246">API for MongoDB has its own specific error codes in addition to the common MongoDB error codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-246">API for MongoDB has its own specific error codes in addition to the common MongoDB error codes.</span></span>


| <span data-ttu-id="43f70-247">Error</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-247">Error</span></span>               | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-248">Code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-248">Code</span></span>  | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-249">Description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-249">Description</span></span>  | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-250">Solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-250">Solution</span></span>  |
|---------------------|-------|--------------|-----------|
| <span data-ttu-id="43f70-251">TooManyRequests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-251">TooManyRequests</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-252">16500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-252">16500</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-253">The total number of request units consumed has exceeded the provisioned request unit rate for the collection and has been throttled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-253">The total number of request units consumed has exceeded the provisioned request unit rate for the collection and has been throttled.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-254">Consider scaling the throughput of the collection from the Azure Portal or retrying again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-254">Consider scaling the throughput of the collection from the Azure Portal or retrying again.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="43f70-255">ExceededMemoryLimit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-255">ExceededMemoryLimit</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-256">16501</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-256">16501</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-257">As a multi-tenant service, the operation has exceeded the client's memory allotment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-257">As a multi-tenant service, the operation has exceeded the client's memory allotment.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="43f70-258">Reduce the scope of the operation through a more restrictive query criteria or contact support from the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-258">Reduce the scope of the operation through a more restrictive query criteria or contact support from the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade).</span></span> <br><br><span data-ttu-id="43f70-259">*Ex:  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;db.getCollection('users').aggregate([<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$match: {name: "Andy"}}, <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$sort: {age: -1}}<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;])*)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="43f70-259">*Ex:  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;db.getCollection('users').aggregate([<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$match: {name: "Andy"}}, <br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{$sort: {age: -1}}<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;])*)</span></span> |

[azure-portal]: https://portal.azure.com
[query]: documentdb-sql-query.md
