---
title: Optimize your Linux VM on Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn some optimization tips to make sure you have set up your Linux VM for optimal performance on Azure
keywords: linux virtual machine,virtual machine linux,ubuntu virtual machine
services: virtual-machines-linux
documentationcenter: ''
author: rickstercdn
manager: timlt
editor: tysonn
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: 8baa30c8-d40e-41ac-93d0-74e96fe18d4c
ms.service: virtual-machines-linux
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-linux
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 09/06/2016
ms.author: rclaus
ms.openlocfilehash: 4dafc0822e33a5c14935037c7a04f2a22cb9a18c
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549120"
---
# <a name="optimize-your-linux-vm-on-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-104">Optimize your Linux VM on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-104">Optimize your Linux VM on Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-105">Creating a Linux virtual machine (VM) is easy to do from the command line or from the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-105">Creating a Linux virtual machine (VM) is easy to do from the command line or from the portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-106">This tutorial shows you how to ensure you have set it up to optimize its performance on the Microsoft Azure platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-106">This tutorial shows you how to ensure you have set it up to optimize its performance on the Microsoft Azure platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-107">This topic uses an Ubuntu Server VM, but you can also create Linux virtual machine using [your own images as templates](create-upload-generic.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-107">This topic uses an Ubuntu Server VM, but you can also create Linux virtual machine using [your own images as templates](create-upload-generic.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span></span>  

## <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-108">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-108">Prerequisites</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-109">This topic assumes you already have a working Azure subscription ([free trial signup](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/)) and have already provisioned a VM into your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-109">This topic assumes you already have a working Azure subscription ([free trial signup](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/)) and have already provisioned a VM into your Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-110">Make sure that you have the latest [Azure CLI 2.0](/cli/azure/install-az-cli2) installed and logged in to your Azure subscription with [az login](/cli/azure/#login) before you [create a VM](quick-create-cli.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-110">Make sure that you have the latest [Azure CLI 2.0](/cli/azure/install-az-cli2) installed and logged in to your Azure subscription with [az login](/cli/azure/#login) before you [create a VM](quick-create-cli.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

## <a name="azure-os-disk"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-111">Azure OS Disk</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-111">Azure OS Disk</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-112">Once you create a Linux VM in Azure, it has two disks associated with it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-112">Once you create a Linux VM in Azure, it has two disks associated with it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-113">**/dev/sda** is your OS disk, **/dev/sdb** is your temporary disk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-113">**/dev/sda** is your OS disk, **/dev/sdb** is your temporary disk.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-114">Do not use the main OS disk (**/dev/sda**) for anything except the operating system as it is optimized for fast VM boot time and does not provide good performance for your workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-114">Do not use the main OS disk (**/dev/sda**) for anything except the operating system as it is optimized for fast VM boot time and does not provide good performance for your workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-115">You want to attach one or more disks to your VM to get persistent and optimized storage for your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-115">You want to attach one or more disks to your VM to get persistent and optimized storage for your data.</span></span> 

## <a name="adding-disks-for-size-and-performance-targets"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-116">Adding Disks for Size and Performance targets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-116">Adding Disks for Size and Performance targets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-117">Based on the VM size, you can attach up to 16 additional disks on an A-Series, 32 disks on a D-Series and 64 disks on a G-Series machine - each up to 1 TB in size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-117">Based on the VM size, you can attach up to 16 additional disks on an A-Series, 32 disks on a D-Series and 64 disks on a G-Series machine - each up to 1 TB in size.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-118">You add extra disks as needed per your space and IOps requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-118">You add extra disks as needed per your space and IOps requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-119">Each disk has a performance target of 500 IOps for Standard Storage and up to 5000 IOps per disk for Premium Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-119">Each disk has a performance target of 500 IOps for Standard Storage and up to 5000 IOps per disk for Premium Storage.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-120">For more information about Premium Storage disks, see [Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure VMs](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-120">For more information about Premium Storage disks, see [Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure VMs](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-121">To achieve the highest IOps on Premium Storage disks where their cache settings have been set to either **ReadOnly** or **None**, you must disable **barriers** while mounting the file system in Linux.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-121">To achieve the highest IOps on Premium Storage disks where their cache settings have been set to either **ReadOnly** or **None**, you must disable **barriers** while mounting the file system in Linux.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-122">You do not need barriers because the writes to Premium Storage backed disks are durable for these cache settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-122">You do not need barriers because the writes to Premium Storage backed disks are durable for these cache settings.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="3271a-123">If you use **reiserFS**, disable barriers using the mount option `barrier=none` (For enabling barriers, use `barrier=flush`)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-123">If you use **reiserFS**, disable barriers using the mount option `barrier=none` (For enabling barriers, use `barrier=flush`)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3271a-124">If you use **ext3/ext4**, disable barriers using the mount option `barrier=0` (For enabling barriers, use `barrier=1`)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-124">If you use **ext3/ext4**, disable barriers using the mount option `barrier=0` (For enabling barriers, use `barrier=1`)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3271a-125">If you use **XFS**, disable barriers using the mount option `nobarrier` (For enabling barriers, use the option `barrier`)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-125">If you use **XFS**, disable barriers using the mount option `nobarrier` (For enabling barriers, use the option `barrier`)</span></span>

## <a name="unmanaged-storage-account-considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-126">Unmanaged storage account considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-126">Unmanaged storage account considerations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-127">The default action when you create a VM with the Azure CLI 2.0 is to use Azure Managed Disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-127">The default action when you create a VM with the Azure CLI 2.0 is to use Azure Managed Disks.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-128">These disks are handled by the Azure platform and do not require any preparation or location to store them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-128">These disks are handled by the Azure platform and do not require any preparation or location to store them.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-129">Unmanaged disks require a storage account and have some additional performance considerations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-129">Unmanaged disks require a storage account and have some additional performance considerations.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-130">For more information about managed disks, see [Azure Managed Disks overview](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-130">For more information about managed disks, see [Azure Managed Disks overview](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-131">The following section outlines performance considerations only when you use unmanaged disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-131">The following section outlines performance considerations only when you use unmanaged disks.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-132">Again, the default and recommended storage solution is to use managed disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-132">Again, the default and recommended storage solution is to use managed disks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-133">If you create a VM with unmanaged disks, make sure that you attach disks from storage accounts residing in the same region as your VM to ensure close proximity and minimize network latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-133">If you create a VM with unmanaged disks, make sure that you attach disks from storage accounts residing in the same region as your VM to ensure close proximity and minimize network latency.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-134">Each Standard storage account has a maximum of 20k IOps and a 500 TB size capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-134">Each Standard storage account has a maximum of 20k IOps and a 500 TB size capacity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-135">This  limit works out to approximately 40 heavily used disks including both the OS disk and any data disks you create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-135">This  limit works out to approximately 40 heavily used disks including both the OS disk and any data disks you create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-136">For Premium Storage accounts, there is no Maximum IOps limit but there is a 32 TB size limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-136">For Premium Storage accounts, there is no Maximum IOps limit but there is a 32 TB size limit.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-137">When dealing with high IOps workloads and you have chosen Standard Storage for your disks, you might need to split the disks across multiple storage accounts to make sure you have not hit the 20,000 IOps limit for Standard Storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-137">When dealing with high IOps workloads and you have chosen Standard Storage for your disks, you might need to split the disks across multiple storage accounts to make sure you have not hit the 20,000 IOps limit for Standard Storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-138">Your VM can contain a mix of disks from across different storage accounts and storage account types to achieve your optimal configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-138">Your VM can contain a mix of disks from across different storage accounts and storage account types to achieve your optimal configuration.</span></span>
 

## <a name="your-vm-temporary-drive"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-139">Your VM Temporary drive</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-139">Your VM Temporary drive</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-140">By default when you create a VM, Azure provides you with an OS disk (**/dev/sda**) and a temporary disk (**/dev/sdb**).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-140">By default when you create a VM, Azure provides you with an OS disk (**/dev/sda**) and a temporary disk (**/dev/sdb**).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-141">All additional disks you add show up as **/dev/sdc**, **/dev/sdd**, **/dev/sde** and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-141">All additional disks you add show up as **/dev/sdc**, **/dev/sdd**, **/dev/sde** and so on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-142">All data on your temporary disk (**/dev/sdb**) is not durable, and can be lost if specific events like VM Resizing, redeployment, or maintenance forces a restart of your VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-142">All data on your temporary disk (**/dev/sdb**) is not durable, and can be lost if specific events like VM Resizing, redeployment, or maintenance forces a restart of your VM.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-143">The size and type of your temporary disk is related to the VM size you chose at deployment time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-143">The size and type of your temporary disk is related to the VM size you chose at deployment time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-144">All of the premium size VMs (DS, G, and DS_V2 series) the temporary drive are backed by a local SSD for additional performance of up to 48k IOps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-144">All of the premium size VMs (DS, G, and DS_V2 series) the temporary drive are backed by a local SSD for additional performance of up to 48k IOps.</span></span> 

## <a name="linux-swap-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-145">Linux Swap File</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-145">Linux Swap File</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-146">If your Azure VM is from an Ubuntu or CoreOS image, then you can use CustomData to send a cloud-config to cloud-init.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-146">If your Azure VM is from an Ubuntu or CoreOS image, then you can use CustomData to send a cloud-config to cloud-init.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-147">If you [uploaded a custom Linux image](upload-vhd.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) that uses cloud-init, you also configure swap partitions using cloud-init.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-147">If you [uploaded a custom Linux image](upload-vhd.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) that uses cloud-init, you also configure swap partitions using cloud-init.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-148">On Ubuntu Cloud Images, you must use cloud-init to configure the swap partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-148">On Ubuntu Cloud Images, you must use cloud-init to configure the swap partition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-149">For more information, see [AzureSwapPartitions](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AzureSwapPartitions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-149">For more information, see [AzureSwapPartitions](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AzureSwapPartitions).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-150">For images without cloud-init support, VM images deployed from the Azure Marketplace have a VM Linux Agent integrated with the OS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-150">For images without cloud-init support, VM images deployed from the Azure Marketplace have a VM Linux Agent integrated with the OS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-151">This agent allows the VM to interact with various Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-151">This agent allows the VM to interact with various Azure services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-152">Assuming you have deployed a standard image from the Azure Marketplace, you would need to do the following to correctly configure your Linux swap file settings:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-152">Assuming you have deployed a standard image from the Azure Marketplace, you would need to do the following to correctly configure your Linux swap file settings:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-153">Locate and modify two entries in the **/etc/waagent.conf** file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-153">Locate and modify two entries in the **/etc/waagent.conf** file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-154">They control the existence of a dedicated swap file and size of the swap file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-154">They control the existence of a dedicated swap file and size of the swap file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-155">The parameters you are looking to modify are `ResourceDisk.EnableSwap=N` and `ResourceDisk.SwapSizeMB=0`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-155">The parameters you are looking to modify are `ResourceDisk.EnableSwap=N` and `ResourceDisk.SwapSizeMB=0`</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-156">Change the parameters to the following settings:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-156">Change the parameters to the following settings:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="3271a-157">ResourceDisk.EnableSwap=Y</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-157">ResourceDisk.EnableSwap=Y</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3271a-158">ResourceDisk.SwapSizeMB={size in MB to meet your needs}</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-158">ResourceDisk.SwapSizeMB={size in MB to meet your needs}</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-159">Once you have made the change, you need to restart the waagent or restart your Linux VM to reflect those changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-159">Once you have made the change, you need to restart the waagent or restart your Linux VM to reflect those changes.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-160">You know the changes have been implemented and a swap file has been created when you use the `free` command to view free space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-160">You know the changes have been implemented and a swap file has been created when you use the `free` command to view free space.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-161">The following example has a 512MB swap file created as a result of modifying the **waagent.conf** file:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-161">The following example has a 512MB swap file created as a result of modifying the **waagent.conf** file:</span></span>

```bash
azuseruser@myVM:~$ free
            total       used       free     shared    buffers     cached
Mem:       3525156     804168    2720988        408       8428     633192
-/+ buffers/cache:     162548    3362608
Swap:       524284          0     524284
```

## <a name="io-scheduling-algorithm-for-premium-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-162">I/O scheduling algorithm for Premium Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-162">I/O scheduling algorithm for Premium Storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-163">With the 2.6.18 Linux kernel, the default I/O scheduling algorithm was changed from Deadline to CFQ (Completely fair queuing algorithm).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-163">With the 2.6.18 Linux kernel, the default I/O scheduling algorithm was changed from Deadline to CFQ (Completely fair queuing algorithm).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-164">For random access I/O patterns, there is negligible difference in performance differences between CFQ and Deadline.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-164">For random access I/O patterns, there is negligible difference in performance differences between CFQ and Deadline.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-165">For SSD-based disks where the disk I/O pattern is predominantly sequential, switching back to the NOOP or Deadline algorithm can achieve better I/O performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-165">For SSD-based disks where the disk I/O pattern is predominantly sequential, switching back to the NOOP or Deadline algorithm can achieve better I/O performance.</span></span>

### <a name="view-the-current-io-scheduler"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-166">View the current I/O scheduler</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-166">View the current I/O scheduler</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-167">Use the following command:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-167">Use the following command:</span></span>  

```bash
cat /sys/block/sda/queue/scheduler
```

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-168">You see following output, which indicates the current scheduler.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-168">You see following output, which indicates the current scheduler.</span></span>  

```bash
noop [deadline] cfq
```

### <a name="change-the-current-device-devsda-of-io-scheduling-algorithm"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-169">Change the current device (/dev/sda) of I/O scheduling algorithm</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-169">Change the current device (/dev/sda) of I/O scheduling algorithm</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-170">Use the following commands:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-170">Use the following commands:</span></span>  

```bash
azureuser@myVM:~$ sudo su -
root@myVM:~# echo "noop" >/sys/block/sda/queue/scheduler
root@myVM:~# sed -i 's/GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX=""/GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="quiet splash elevator=noop"/g' /etc/default/grub
root@myVM:~# update-grub
```

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-171">Applying this setting for **/dev/sda** alone is not useful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-171">Applying this setting for **/dev/sda** alone is not useful.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-172">Set on all data disks where sequential I/O dominates the I/O pattern.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-172">Set on all data disks where sequential I/O dominates the I/O pattern.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-173">You should see the following output, indicating that **grub.cfg** has been rebuilt successfully and that the default scheduler has been updated to NOOP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-173">You should see the following output, indicating that **grub.cfg** has been rebuilt successfully and that the default scheduler has been updated to NOOP.</span></span>  

```bash
Generating grub configuration file ...
Found linux image: /boot/vmlinuz-3.13.0-34-generic
Found initrd image: /boot/initrd.img-3.13.0-34-generic
Found linux image: /boot/vmlinuz-3.13.0-32-generic
Found initrd image: /boot/initrd.img-3.13.0-32-generic
Found memtest86+ image: /memtest86+.elf
Found memtest86+ image: /memtest86+.bin
done
```

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-174">For the Redhat distribution family, you only need the following command:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-174">For the Redhat distribution family, you only need the following command:</span></span>   

```bash
echo 'echo noop >/sys/block/sda/queue/scheduler' >> /etc/rc.local
```

## <a name="using-software-raid-to-achieve-higher-iops"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-175">Using Software RAID to achieve higher I/Ops</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-175">Using Software RAID to achieve higher I/Ops</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-176">If your workloads require more IOps than a single disk can provide, you need to use a software RAID configuration of multiple disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-176">If your workloads require more IOps than a single disk can provide, you need to use a software RAID configuration of multiple disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3271a-177">Because Azure already performs disk resiliency at the local fabric layer, you achieve the highest level of performance from a RAID-0 striping configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-177">Because Azure already performs disk resiliency at the local fabric layer, you achieve the highest level of performance from a RAID-0 striping configuration.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-178">Provision and create disks in the Azure environment and attach them to your Linux VM before partitioning, formatting and mounting the drives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-178">Provision and create disks in the Azure environment and attach them to your Linux VM before partitioning, formatting and mounting the drives.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-179">More details on configuring a software RAID setup on your Linux VM in azure can be found in the **[Configuring Software RAID on Linux](configure-raid.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)** document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-179">More details on configuring a software RAID setup on your Linux VM in azure can be found in the **[Configuring Software RAID on Linux](configure-raid.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)** document.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="3271a-180">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-180">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3271a-181">Remember, as with all optimization discussions, you need to perform tests before and after each change to measure the impact the change has.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-181">Remember, as with all optimization discussions, you need to perform tests before and after each change to measure the impact the change has.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-182">Optimization is a step by step process that has different results across different machines in your environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-182">Optimization is a step by step process that has different results across different machines in your environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3271a-183">What works for one configuration may not work for others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-183">What works for one configuration may not work for others.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3271a-184">Some useful links to additional resources:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-184">Some useful links to additional resources:</span></span> 

* [<span data-ttu-id="3271a-185">Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure Virtual Machine Workloads</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-185">Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure Virtual Machine Workloads</span></span>](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="3271a-186">Azure Linux Agent User Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-186">Azure Linux Agent User Guide</span></span>](../windows/agent-user-guide.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="3271a-187">Optimizing MySQL Performance on Azure Linux VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-187">Optimizing MySQL Performance on Azure Linux VMs</span></span>](classic/optimize-mysql.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2fclassic%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="3271a-188">Configure Software RAID on Linux</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3271a-188">Configure Software RAID on Linux</span></span>](configure-raid.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

