---
title: Overview of Linux VMs in Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes Azure Compute, Storage, and Networking services with Linux virtual machines.
services: virtual-machines-linux
documentationcenter: virtual-machines-linux
author: rickstercdn
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 7965a80f-ea24-4cc2-bc43-60b574101902
ms.service: virtual-machines-linux
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-linux
ms.workload: infrastructure
ms.date: 09/14/2016
ms.author: rclaus
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.openlocfilehash: c55f7e405f3055ec401497bb18c9130f30cd1632
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555690"
---
# <a name="azure-and-linux"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-103">Azure and Linux</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-103">Azure and Linux</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-104">Microsoft Azure is a growing collection of integrated public cloud services including analytics, Virtual Machines, databases, mobile, networking, storage, and web&mdash;ideal for hosting your solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-104">Microsoft Azure is a growing collection of integrated public cloud services including analytics, Virtual Machines, databases, mobile, networking, storage, and web&mdash;ideal for hosting your solutions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-105">Microsoft Azure provides a scalable computing platform that allows you to only pay for what you use, when you want it - without having to invest in on-premises hardware.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-105">Microsoft Azure provides a scalable computing platform that allows you to only pay for what you use, when you want it - without having to invest in on-premises hardware.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-106">Azure is ready when you are to scale your solutions up and out to whatever scale you require to service the needs of your clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-106">Azure is ready when you are to scale your solutions up and out to whatever scale you require to service the needs of your clients.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="41342-107">If you are familiar with the various features of Amazon's AWS, you can examine the Azure vs AWS [definition mapping document](https://azure.microsoft.com/campaigns/azure-vs-aws/mapping/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-107">If you are familiar with the various features of Amazon's AWS, you can examine the Azure vs AWS [definition mapping document](https://azure.microsoft.com/campaigns/azure-vs-aws/mapping/).</span></span>

## <a name="regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-108">Regions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-108">Regions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-109">Microsoft Azure resources are distributed across multiple geographical regions around the world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-109">Microsoft Azure resources are distributed across multiple geographical regions around the world.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-110">A "region" represents multiple data centers in a single geographical area.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-110">A "region" represents multiple data centers in a single geographical area.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-111">We have 34 regions generally available around the world with an additional 4 regions announced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-111">We have 34 regions generally available around the world with an additional 4 regions announced.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-112">Because we are continuing to expand our global coverage - we maintain an updated list of existing and newly announced regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-112">Because we are continuing to expand our global coverage - we maintain an updated list of existing and newly announced regions.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-113">Azure Regions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-113">Azure Regions</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/)

## <a name="availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-114">Availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-114">Availability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-115">We announced an industry leading single instance virtual machine Service Level Agreement of 99.9% provided you deploy the VM with premium storage for all disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-115">We announced an industry leading single instance virtual machine Service Level Agreement of 99.9% provided you deploy the VM with premium storage for all disks.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-116">In order for your deployment to qualify for our standard 99.95% VM Service Level Agreement, you still need to deploy two or more VMs running your workload inside of an availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-116">In order for your deployment to qualify for our standard 99.95% VM Service Level Agreement, you still need to deploy two or more VMs running your workload inside of an availability set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-117">This will ensure your VMs are distributed across multiple fault domains in our data centers as well as deployed onto hosts with different maintenance windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-117">This will ensure your VMs are distributed across multiple fault domains in our data centers as well as deployed onto hosts with different maintenance windows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-118">The full [Azure SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/virtual-machines/v1_0/) explains the guaranteed availability of Azure as a whole.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-118">The full [Azure SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/virtual-machines/v1_0/) explains the guaranteed availability of Azure as a whole.</span></span>

## <a name="managed-disks"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-119">Managed Disks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-119">Managed Disks</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="41342-120">Managed Disks handles Azure Storage account creation and management in the background for you, and ensures that you do not have to worry about the scalability limits of the storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-120">Managed Disks handles Azure Storage account creation and management in the background for you, and ensures that you do not have to worry about the scalability limits of the storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-121">You simply specify the disk size and the performance tier (Standard or Premium), and Azure creates and manages the disk for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-121">You simply specify the disk size and the performance tier (Standard or Premium), and Azure creates and manages the disk for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-122">Even as you add disks or scale the VM up and down, you don't have to worry about the storage being used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-122">Even as you add disks or scale the VM up and down, you don't have to worry about the storage being used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-123">If you're creating new VMs, [use the Azure CLI 2.0](quick-create-cli.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) or the Azure portal to create VMs with Managed OS and data disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-123">If you're creating new VMs, [use the Azure CLI 2.0](quick-create-cli.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) or the Azure portal to create VMs with Managed OS and data disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-124">If you have VMs with unmanaged disks, you can [convert your VMs to be backed with Managed Disks](convert-unmanaged-to-managed-disks.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-124">If you have VMs with unmanaged disks, you can [convert your VMs to be backed with Managed Disks](convert-unmanaged-to-managed-disks.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="41342-125">You can also manage your custom images in one storage account per Azure region, and use them to create hundreds of VMs in the same subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-125">You can also manage your custom images in one storage account per Azure region, and use them to create hundreds of VMs in the same subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-126">For more information about Managed Disks, please see the [Managed Disks Overview](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-126">For more information about Managed Disks, please see the [Managed Disks Overview](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md).</span></span>

## <a name="azure-virtual-machines--instances"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-127">Azure Virtual Machines & Instances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-127">Azure Virtual Machines & Instances</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-128">Microsoft Azure supports running a number of popular Linux distributions provided and maintained by a number of partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-128">Microsoft Azure supports running a number of popular Linux distributions provided and maintained by a number of partners.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-129">You will find distributions such as Red Hat Enterprise, CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu, CoreOS, RancherOS, FreeBSD, and more in the Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-129">You will find distributions such as Red Hat Enterprise, CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu, CoreOS, RancherOS, FreeBSD, and more in the Azure Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-130">We actively work with various Linux communities to add even more flavors to the [Azure endorsed Linux Distros](endorsed-distros.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-130">We actively work with various Linux communities to add even more flavors to the [Azure endorsed Linux Distros](endorsed-distros.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) list.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="41342-131">If your preferred Linux distro of choice is not currently present in the gallery, you can "Bring your own Linux" VM by [creating and uploading a Linux VHD in Azure](create-upload-generic.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-131">If your preferred Linux distro of choice is not currently present in the gallery, you can "Bring your own Linux" VM by [creating and uploading a Linux VHD in Azure](create-upload-generic.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="41342-132">Azure virtual machines allow you to deploy a wide range of computing solutions in an agile way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-132">Azure virtual machines allow you to deploy a wide range of computing solutions in an agile way.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-133">You can deploy virtually any workload and any language on nearly any operating system - Windows, Linux, or a custom created one from any one of our growing list of partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-133">You can deploy virtually any workload and any language on nearly any operating system - Windows, Linux, or a custom created one from any one of our growing list of partners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-134">Still don't see what you are looking for?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-134">Still don't see what you are looking for?</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-135">Don't worry - you can also bring your own images from on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-135">Don't worry - you can also bring your own images from on-premises.</span></span>

## <a name="vm-sizes"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-136">VM Sizes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-136">VM Sizes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-137">When you deploy a VM in Azure, you are going to select a VM size within one of our series of sizes that is suitable to your workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-137">When you deploy a VM in Azure, you are going to select a VM size within one of our series of sizes that is suitable to your workload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-138">The size also affects the processing power, memory, and storage capacity of the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-138">The size also affects the processing power, memory, and storage capacity of the virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-139">You are billed based on the amount of time the VM is running and consuming its allocated resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-139">You are billed based on the amount of time the VM is running and consuming its allocated resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-140">A complete list of [sizes of Virtual Machines](sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-140">A complete list of [sizes of Virtual Machines](sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="41342-141">Here are some basic guidelines for selecting a VM size from one of our series (A, D, DS, G and GS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-141">Here are some basic guidelines for selecting a VM size from one of our series (A, D, DS, G and GS).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="41342-142">A-series VMs are our value priced entry-level VMs for light workloads and Dev/Test scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-142">A-series VMs are our value priced entry-level VMs for light workloads and Dev/Test scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-143">They are widely available in all regions and can connect and use all standard resources available to virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-143">They are widely available in all regions and can connect and use all standard resources available to virtual machines.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-144">A-series sizes (A8 - A11) are special compute intensive configurations suitable for high-performance computing cluster applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-144">A-series sizes (A8 - A11) are special compute intensive configurations suitable for high-performance computing cluster applications.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-145">D-series VMs are designed to run applications that demand higher compute power and temporary disk performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-145">D-series VMs are designed to run applications that demand higher compute power and temporary disk performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-146">D-series VMs provide faster processors, a higher memory-to-core ratio, and a solid-state drive (SSD) for the temporary disk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-146">D-series VMs provide faster processors, a higher memory-to-core ratio, and a solid-state drive (SSD) for the temporary disk.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-147">Dv2-series, is the latest version of our D-series, features a more powerful CPU.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-147">Dv2-series, is the latest version of our D-series, features a more powerful CPU.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-148">The Dv2-series CPU is about 35% faster than the D-series CPU.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-148">The Dv2-series CPU is about 35% faster than the D-series CPU.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-149">It is based on the latest generation 2.4 GHz Intel Xeon® E5-2673 v3 (Haskell) processor, and with the Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2.0, can go up to 3.2 GHz.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-149">It is based on the latest generation 2.4 GHz Intel Xeon® E5-2673 v3 (Haskell) processor, and with the Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2.0, can go up to 3.2 GHz.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-150">The Dv2-series has the same memory and disk configurations as the D-series.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-150">The Dv2-series has the same memory and disk configurations as the D-series.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-151">G-series VMs offer the most memory and run on hosts that have Intel Xeon E5 V3 family processors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-151">G-series VMs offer the most memory and run on hosts that have Intel Xeon E5 V3 family processors.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="41342-152">Note: DS-series and GS-series VMs have access to Premium Storage - our SSD backed high-performance, low-latency storage for I/O intensive workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-152">Note: DS-series and GS-series VMs have access to Premium Storage - our SSD backed high-performance, low-latency storage for I/O intensive workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-153">Premium Storage is available in certain regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-153">Premium Storage is available in certain regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-154">For details, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-154">For details, see:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-155">Premium Storage: High-performance storage for Azure virtual machine workloads</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-155">Premium Storage: High-performance storage for Azure virtual machine workloads</span></span>](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md)

## <a name="automation"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-156">Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-156">Automation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-157">To achieve a proper DevOps culture, all infrastructure must be code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-157">To achieve a proper DevOps culture, all infrastructure must be code.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-158">When all the infrastructure lives in code it can easily be recreated (Phoenix Servers).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-158">When all the infrastructure lives in code it can easily be recreated (Phoenix Servers).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-159">Azure works with all the major automation tooling like Ansible, Chef, SaltStack, and Puppet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-159">Azure works with all the major automation tooling like Ansible, Chef, SaltStack, and Puppet.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-160">Azure also has its own tooling for automation:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-160">Azure also has its own tooling for automation:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-161">Azure Templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-161">Azure Templates</span></span>](create-ssh-secured-vm-from-template.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-162">Azure VMAccess</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-162">Azure VMAccess</span></span>](using-vmaccess-extension.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

<span data-ttu-id="41342-163">Azure is rolling out support for [cloud-init](http://cloud-init.io/) across most Linux Distros that support it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-163">Azure is rolling out support for [cloud-init](http://cloud-init.io/) across most Linux Distros that support it.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-164">Currently Canonical's Ubuntu VMs are deployed with cloud-init enabled by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-164">Currently Canonical's Ubuntu VMs are deployed with cloud-init enabled by default.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-165">RedHats RHEL, CentOS, and Fedora support cloud-init, however the Azure images maintained by RedHat do not have cloud-init installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-165">RedHats RHEL, CentOS, and Fedora support cloud-init, however the Azure images maintained by RedHat do not have cloud-init installed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-166">To use cloud-init on a RedHat family OS, you must create a custom image with cloud-init installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-166">To use cloud-init on a RedHat family OS, you must create a custom image with cloud-init installed.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-167">Using cloud-init on Azure Linux VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-167">Using cloud-init on Azure Linux VMs</span></span>](using-cloud-init.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

## <a name="quotas"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-168">Quotas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-168">Quotas</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-169">Each Azure Subscription has default quota limits in place that could impact the deployment of a large number of VMs for your project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-169">Each Azure Subscription has default quota limits in place that could impact the deployment of a large number of VMs for your project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-170">The current limit on a per subscription basis is 20 VMs per region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-170">The current limit on a per subscription basis is 20 VMs per region.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-171">Quota limits can be raised quickly and easily by filing a support ticket requesting a limit increase.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-171">Quota limits can be raised quickly and easily by filing a support ticket requesting a limit increase.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-172">For more details on quota limits:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-172">For more details on quota limits:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-173">Azure Subscription Service Limits</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-173">Azure Subscription Service Limits</span></span>](../../azure-subscription-service-limits.md)

## <a name="partners"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-174">Partners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-174">Partners</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-175">Microsoft works closely with our partners to ensure the images available are updated and optimized for an Azure runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-175">Microsoft works closely with our partners to ensure the images available are updated and optimized for an Azure runtime.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-176">For more information on our partners check their marketplace pages below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-176">For more information on our partners check their marketplace pages below.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="41342-177">Linux on Azure - [Endorsed Distributions](endorsed-distros.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-177">Linux on Azure - [Endorsed Distributions](endorsed-distros.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-178">SUSE - [Azure Marketplace - SUSE Linux Enterprise Server](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps?search=%27SUSE%27)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-178">SUSE - [Azure Marketplace - SUSE Linux Enterprise Server](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps?search=%27SUSE%27)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-179">Redhat - [Azure Marketplace - RedHat Enterprise Linux 7.2](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/redhat/redhatenterpriselinux72/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-179">Redhat - [Azure Marketplace - RedHat Enterprise Linux 7.2](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/redhat/redhatenterpriselinux72/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-180">Canonical - [Azure Marketplace - Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/canonical/ubuntuserver1604lts/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-180">Canonical - [Azure Marketplace - Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/canonical/ubuntuserver1604lts/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-181">Debian - [Azure Marketplace - Debian 8 "Jessie"](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/credativ/debian8/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-181">Debian - [Azure Marketplace - Debian 8 "Jessie"](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/credativ/debian8/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-182">FreeBSD - [Azure Marketplace - FreeBSD 10.3](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/microsoft/freebsd103/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-182">FreeBSD - [Azure Marketplace - FreeBSD 10.3](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/microsoft/freebsd103/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-183">CoreOS - [Azure Marketplace - CoreOS (Stable)](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/coreos/coreosstable/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-183">CoreOS - [Azure Marketplace - CoreOS (Stable)](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/coreos/coreosstable/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-184">RancherOS - [Azure Marketplace - RancherOS](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/rancher/rancheros/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-184">RancherOS - [Azure Marketplace - RancherOS](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/rancher/rancheros/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-185">Bitnami - [Bitnami Library for Azure](https://azure.bitnami.com/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-185">Bitnami - [Bitnami Library for Azure](https://azure.bitnami.com/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-186">Mesosphere - [Azure Marketplace - Mesosphere DC/OS on Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/mesosphere/dcosdcos/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-186">Mesosphere - [Azure Marketplace - Mesosphere DC/OS on Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/mesosphere/dcosdcos/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-187">Docker - [Azure Marketplace - Azure Container Service with Docker Swarm](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/microsoft/acsswarms/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-187">Docker - [Azure Marketplace - Azure Container Service with Docker Swarm](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/microsoft/acsswarms/)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="41342-188">Jenkins - [Azure Marketplace - CloudBees Jenkins Platform](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/cloudbees/jenkins-platformjenkins-platform/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-188">Jenkins - [Azure Marketplace - CloudBees Jenkins Platform](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/cloudbees/jenkins-platformjenkins-platform/)</span></span>

## <a name="getting-setup-on-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-189">Getting Setup on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-189">Getting Setup on Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-190">To begin using Azure you need an Azure account, the Azure CLI installed, and a pair of SSH public and private keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-190">To begin using Azure you need an Azure account, the Azure CLI installed, and a pair of SSH public and private keys.</span></span>

### <a name="sign-up-for-an-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-191">Sign up for an account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-191">Sign up for an account</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-192">The first step in using the Azure Cloud is to sign up for an Azure account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-192">The first step in using the Azure Cloud is to sign up for an Azure account.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-193">Go to the [Azure Account Signup](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/) page to get started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-193">Go to the [Azure Account Signup](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/) page to get started.</span></span>

### <a name="install-the-cli"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-194">Install the CLI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-194">Install the CLI</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-195">With your new Azure account, you can get started immediately using the Azure portal, which is a web-based admin panel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-195">With your new Azure account, you can get started immediately using the Azure portal, which is a web-based admin panel.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-196">To manage the Azure Cloud via the command-line, you install the `azure-cli`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-196">To manage the Azure Cloud via the command-line, you install the `azure-cli`.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-197">Install the [Azure CLI 2.0](/cli/azure/install)on your Mac or Linux workstation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-197">Install the [Azure CLI 2.0](/cli/azure/install)on your Mac or Linux workstation.</span></span>

### <a name="create-an-ssh-key-pair"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-198">Create an SSH key pair</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-198">Create an SSH key pair</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-199">Now you have an Azure account, the Azure web portal, and the Azure CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-199">Now you have an Azure account, the Azure web portal, and the Azure CLI.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-200">The next step is to create an SSH key pair that is used to SSH into Linux without using a password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-200">The next step is to create an SSH key pair that is used to SSH into Linux without using a password.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-201">[Create SSH keys on Linux and Mac](mac-create-ssh-keys.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) to enable password-less logins and better security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-201">[Create SSH keys on Linux and Mac](mac-create-ssh-keys.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) to enable password-less logins and better security.</span></span>

### <a name="create-a-vm-using-the-cli"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-202">Create a VM using the CLI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-202">Create a VM using the CLI</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-203">Creating a Linux VM using the CLI is a quick way to deploy a VM without leaving the terminal you are working in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-203">Creating a Linux VM using the CLI is a quick way to deploy a VM without leaving the terminal you are working in.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-204">Everything you can specify on the web portal is available via a command-line flag or switch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-204">Everything you can specify on the web portal is available via a command-line flag or switch.</span></span>  

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-205">Create a Linux VM using the CLI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-205">Create a Linux VM using the CLI</span></span>](quick-create-cli.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

### <a name="create-a-vm-in-the-portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-206">Create a VM in the portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-206">Create a VM in the portal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-207">Creating a Linux VM in the Azure web portal is a way to easily point and click through the various options to get to a deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-207">Creating a Linux VM in the Azure web portal is a way to easily point and click through the various options to get to a deployment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-208">Instead of using command-line flags or switches, you are able to view a nice web layout of various options and settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-208">Instead of using command-line flags or switches, you are able to view a nice web layout of various options and settings.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-209">Everything available via the command-line interface is also available in the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-209">Everything available via the command-line interface is also available in the portal.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-210">Create a Linux VM using the Portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-210">Create a Linux VM using the Portal</span></span>](quick-create-portal.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

### <a name="login-using-ssh-without-a-password"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-211">Login using SSH without a password</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-211">Login using SSH without a password</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-212">The VM is now running on Azure and you are ready to log in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-212">The VM is now running on Azure and you are ready to log in.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-213">Using passwords to log in via SSH is insecure and time consuming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-213">Using passwords to log in via SSH is insecure and time consuming.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-214">Using SSH keys is the most secure way and also the quickest way to login.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-214">Using SSH keys is the most secure way and also the quickest way to login.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-215">When you create you Linux VM via the portal or the CLI, you have two authentication choices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-215">When you create you Linux VM via the portal or the CLI, you have two authentication choices.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-216">If you choose a password for SSH, Azure configures the VM to allow logins via passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-216">If you choose a password for SSH, Azure configures the VM to allow logins via passwords.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-217">If you chose to use an SSH public key, Azure configures the VM to only allow logins via SSH keys and disables password logins.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-217">If you chose to use an SSH public key, Azure configures the VM to only allow logins via SSH keys and disables password logins.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="41342-218">To secure your Linux VM by only allowing SSH key logins, use the SSH public key option during the VM creation in the portal or CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-218">To secure your Linux VM by only allowing SSH key logins, use the SSH public key option during the VM creation in the portal or CLI.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-219">Disable SSH passwords on your Linux VM by configuring SSHD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-219">Disable SSH passwords on your Linux VM by configuring SSHD</span></span>](mac-disable-ssh-password-usage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

## <a name="related-azure-components"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-220">Related Azure components</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-220">Related Azure components</span></span>
## <a name="storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-221">Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-221">Storage</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-222">Introduction to Microsoft Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-222">Introduction to Microsoft Azure Storage</span></span>](../../storage/storage-introduction.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-223">Add a disk to a Linux VM using the azure-cli</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-223">Add a disk to a Linux VM using the azure-cli</span></span>](add-disk.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-224">How to attach a data disk to a Linux VM in the Azure portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-224">How to attach a data disk to a Linux VM in the Azure portal</span></span>](attach-disk-portal.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

## <a name="networking"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-225">Networking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-225">Networking</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-226">Virtual Network Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-226">Virtual Network Overview</span></span>](../../virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-227">IP addresses in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-227">IP addresses in Azure</span></span>](../../virtual-network/virtual-network-ip-addresses-overview-arm.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-228">Opening ports to a Linux VM in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-228">Opening ports to a Linux VM in Azure</span></span>](nsg-quickstart.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-229">Create a Fully Qualified Domain Name in the Azure portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-229">Create a Fully Qualified Domain Name in the Azure portal</span></span>](portal-create-fqdn.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

## <a name="containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-230">Containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-230">Containers</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-231">Virtual Machines and Containers in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-231">Virtual Machines and Containers in Azure</span></span>](containers.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-232">Azure Container Service introduction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-232">Azure Container Service introduction</span></span>](../../container-service/container-service-intro.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-233">Deploy an Azure Container Service cluster</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-233">Deploy an Azure Container Service cluster</span></span>](../../container-service/container-service-deployment.md)

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="41342-234">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-234">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="41342-235">You now have an overview of Linux on Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-235">You now have an overview of Linux on Azure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="41342-236">The next step is to dive in and create a few VMs!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-236">The next step is to dive in and create a few VMs!</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="41342-237">Explore our growing list of Sample Scripts for common tasks via AzureCLI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="41342-237">Explore our growing list of Sample Scripts for common tasks via AzureCLI</span></span>](cli-samples.md)
