---
title: Cognitive Services Speech SDK License
description: License page for the Cognitive Services Speech SDK
titleSuffix: Microsoft Cognitive Services
services: cognitive-services
author: wolfma61
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.topic: article
ms.component: speech-service
ms.date: 05/01/2018
ms.author: wolfma
ms.openlocfilehash: c21f4511fa995d47c90a65555d3b8f77976e7fe0
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44965676"
---
# <a name="microsoft-software-license-termsbrmicrosoft-cognitive-services-speech-sdk-preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-103">Microsoft Software License Terms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-103">Microsoft Software License Terms</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-104">Microsoft Cognitive Services Speech SDK Preview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-104">Microsoft Cognitive Services Speech SDK Preview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-105">IF YOU LIVE IN (OR ARE A BUSINESS WITH YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE “BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER” SECTION BELOW.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-105">IF YOU LIVE IN (OR ARE A BUSINESS WITH YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE “BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER” SECTION BELOW.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-106">IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-106">IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-107">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-107">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-108">They apply to the preview software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-108">They apply to the preview software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-109">IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-109">IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-110">BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-110">BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.</span></span>

## <a name="1-installation-and-use-rights"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-111">1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-111">1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-112">a) General.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-112">a) General.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-113">You may install and use any number of copies of the software to develop and test your applications and integration with Cognitive Services Speech Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-113">You may install and use any number of copies of the software to develop and test your applications and integration with Cognitive Services Speech Services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-114">b) Third Party Software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-114">b) Third Party Software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-115">The software may include third party applications that are licensed to you under this agreement or under their own terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-115">The software may include third party applications that are licensed to you under this agreement or under their own terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-116">License terms, notices, and acknowledgements, if any, for the third party applications may be accessible online at http://aka.ms/thirdpartynotices or in an accompanying notices file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-116">License terms, notices, and acknowledgements, if any, for the third party applications may be accessible online at http://aka.ms/thirdpartynotices or in an accompanying notices file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-117">Even if such applications are governed by other agreements, the disclaimer, limitations on, and exclusions of damages below also apply to the extent allowed by applicable law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-117">Even if such applications are governed by other agreements, the disclaimer, limitations on, and exclusions of damages below also apply to the extent allowed by applicable law.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-118">c) Package Managers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-118">c) Package Managers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-119">The software may include package managers, like NuGet, that give you the option to download other Microsoft and third-party software packages to use with your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-119">The software may include package managers, like NuGet, that give you the option to download other Microsoft and third-party software packages to use with your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-120">Those packages are under their own licenses, and not this agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-120">Those packages are under their own licenses, and not this agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-121">Microsoft does not distribute, license or provide any warranties for any of the third-party packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-121">Microsoft does not distribute, license or provide any warranties for any of the third-party packages.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-122">d) Competitive Benchmarking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-122">d) Competitive Benchmarking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-123">If you are a direct competitor, and you access or use the software for purposes of competitive benchmarking, analysis, or intelligence gathering, you waive as against Microsoft, its subsidiaries, and its affiliated companies (including prospectively) any competitive use, access, and benchmarking test restrictions in the terms governing your software to the extent your terms of use are, or purport to be, more restrictive than Microsoft’s terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-123">If you are a direct competitor, and you access or use the software for purposes of competitive benchmarking, analysis, or intelligence gathering, you waive as against Microsoft, its subsidiaries, and its affiliated companies (including prospectively) any competitive use, access, and benchmarking test restrictions in the terms governing your software to the extent your terms of use are, or purport to be, more restrictive than Microsoft’s terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-124">If you do not waive any such purported restrictions in the terms governing your software, you are not allowed to access or use this software, and will not do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-124">If you do not waive any such purported restrictions in the terms governing your software, you are not allowed to access or use this software, and will not do so.</span></span>

## <a name="2-distributable-code"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-125">2. DISTRIBUTABLE CODE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-125">2. DISTRIBUTABLE CODE.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-126">The software may contain code you are permitted to distribute (i.e. make available for third parties) in applications you develop, as described in this Section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-126">The software may contain code you are permitted to distribute (i.e. make available for third parties) in applications you develop, as described in this Section.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-127">a) Distribution Rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-127">a) Distribution Rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-128">The code and test files described below are distributable if included with the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-128">The code and test files described below are distributable if included with the software.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-129">i.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-129">i.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-130">REDIST.TXT Files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-130">REDIST.TXT Files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-131">You may copy and distribute the object code form of code listed on the REDIST list in the software, if any, or in the notice files;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-131">You may copy and distribute the object code form of code listed on the REDIST list in the software, if any, or in the notice files;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-132">ii.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-132">ii.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-133">Sample Code, Templates, and Styles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-133">Sample Code, Templates, and Styles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-134">You may copy, modify, and distribute the source and object code form of code marked as “sample”, “template”, “simple styles”, and “sketch styles”; and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-134">You may copy, modify, and distribute the source and object code form of code marked as “sample”, “template”, “simple styles”, and “sketch styles”; and</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-135">iii.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-135">iii.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-136">Third Party Distribution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-136">Third Party Distribution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-137">You may permit distributors of your applications to copy and distribute any of this distributable code you elect to distribute with your applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-137">You may permit distributors of your applications to copy and distribute any of this distributable code you elect to distribute with your applications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-138">b) Distribution Requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-138">b) Distribution Requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-139">For any code you distribute, you must:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-139">For any code you distribute, you must:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-140">i.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-140">i.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-141">add significant primary functionality to it in your applications;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-141">add significant primary functionality to it in your applications;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-142">ii.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-142">ii.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-143">require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it and Microsoft at least as much as this agreement; and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-143">require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it and Microsoft at least as much as this agreement; and</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-144">iii.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-144">iii.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-145">indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your applications, except to the extent that any claim is based solely on the unmodified distributable code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-145">indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your applications, except to the extent that any claim is based solely on the unmodified distributable code.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-146">c) Distribution Restrictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-146">c) Distribution Restrictions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-147">You may not:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-147">You may not:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-148">i.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-148">i.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-149">use Microsoft’s trademarks or trade dress in your application in any way that suggests your application comes from or is endorsed by Microsoft; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-149">use Microsoft’s trademarks or trade dress in your application in any way that suggests your application comes from or is endorsed by Microsoft; or</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-150">ii.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-150">ii.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-151">modify or distribute the source code of any distributable code so that any part of it becomes subject to any license that requires that the distributable code, any other part of the software, or any of Microsoft’s other intellectual property be disclosed or distributed in source code form, or that others have the right to modify it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-151">modify or distribute the source code of any distributable code so that any part of it becomes subject to any license that requires that the distributable code, any other part of the software, or any of Microsoft’s other intellectual property be disclosed or distributed in source code form, or that others have the right to modify it.</span></span>

## <a name="3-data-collection"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-152">3. DATA COLLECTION.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-152">3. DATA COLLECTION.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-153">The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send that to Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-153">The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send that to Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-154">Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve Microsoft’s products and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-154">Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve Microsoft’s products and services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-155">Your opt-out rights, if any, are described in the product documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-155">Your opt-out rights, if any, are described in the product documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-156">Some features in the software may enable collection of data from users of your applications that access or use the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-156">Some features in the software may enable collection of data from users of your applications that access or use the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-157">If you use these features to enable data collection in your applications, you must comply with applicable law, including getting any required user consent, and maintain a prominent privacy policy that accurately informs users about how you use, collect, and share their data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-157">If you use these features to enable data collection in your applications, you must comply with applicable law, including getting any required user consent, and maintain a prominent privacy policy that accurately informs users about how you use, collect, and share their data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-158">You can learn more about Microsoft’s data collection and use in the product documentation and the Microsoft Privacy Statement at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-158">You can learn more about Microsoft’s data collection and use in the product documentation and the Microsoft Privacy Statement at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=512132.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-159">You agree to comply with all applicable provisions of the Microsoft Privacy Statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-159">You agree to comply with all applicable provisions of the Microsoft Privacy Statement.</span></span>

## <a name="4-scope-of-license"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-160">4. SCOPE OF LICENSE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-160">4. SCOPE OF LICENSE.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-161">The software is licensed, not sold.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-161">The software is licensed, not sold.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-162">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-162">Microsoft reserves all other rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-163">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-163">Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-164">a) work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-164">a) work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-165">b) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the software, or attempt to do so, except and only to the extent permitted by licensing terms governing the use of open-source components that may be included with the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-165">b) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the software, or attempt to do so, except and only to the extent permitted by licensing terms governing the use of open-source components that may be included with the software;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-166">c) remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-166">c) remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-167">d) use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-167">d) use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-168">e) share, publish, distribute, or lend the software (except for any distributable code, subject to the terms above), provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-168">e) share, publish, distribute, or lend the software (except for any distributable code, subject to the terms above), provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span></span>

## <a name="5-preview-software"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-169">5. PREVIEW SOFTWARE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-169">5. PREVIEW SOFTWARE.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-170">The software is a pre-release version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-170">The software is a pre-release version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-171">It may not operate correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-171">It may not operate correctly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-172">It may be different from the commercially released version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-172">It may be different from the commercially released version.</span></span>

## <a name="6-feedback"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-173">6. FEEDBACK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-173">6. FEEDBACK.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-174">If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your feedback in any way and for any purpose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-174">If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your feedback in any way and for any purpose.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-175">You will not give feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties because Microsoft includes your feedback in them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-175">You will not give feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties because Microsoft includes your feedback in them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-176">These rights survive this agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-176">These rights survive this agreement.</span></span>

## <a name="7-export-restrictions"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-177">7. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-177">7. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-178">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-178">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-179">For further information on export restrictions, visit http://aka.ms/exporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-179">For further information on export restrictions, visit http://aka.ms/exporting.</span></span>

## <a name="8-support-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-180">8. SUPPORT SERVICES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-180">8. SUPPORT SERVICES.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-181">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-181">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-182">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-182">Any support provided is “as is”, “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.</span></span>

## <a name="9-updates"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-183">9. UPDATES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-183">9. UPDATES.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-184">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-184">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-185">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-185">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-186">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-186">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-187">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-187">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-188">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-188">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span></span>

## <a name="10-binding-arbitration-and-class-action-waiver"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-189">10. BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-189">10. BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-190">This Section applies if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-190">This Section applies if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-191">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-191">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-192">If you and Microsoft can’t, you and Microsoft agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association under the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-192">If you and Microsoft can’t, you and Microsoft agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association under the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-193">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-193">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-194">Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed; nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-194">Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed; nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-195">The complete Arbitration Agreement contains more terms and is at http://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-195">The complete Arbitration Agreement contains more terms and is at http://aka.ms/arb-agreement-1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-196">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-196">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span></span>

## <a name="11-entire-agreement"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-197">11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-197">11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-198">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-198">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span></span>

## <a name="12-applicable-law-and-place-to-resolve-disputes"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-199">12. APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-199">12. APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-200">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-200">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-201">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-201">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-202">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-202">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-203">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-203">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span>

## <a name="13-consumer-rights-regional-variations"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-204">13. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-204">13. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-205">This agreement describes certain legal rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-205">This agreement describes certain legal rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-206">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state or country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-206">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state or country.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-207">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-207">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-208">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-208">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-209">For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-209">For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-210">a) Australia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-210">a) Australia.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-211">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-211">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-212">b) Canada.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-212">b) Canada.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-213">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-213">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-214">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-214">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-215">c) Germany and Austria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-215">c) Germany and Austria.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-216">i.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-216">i.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-217">Warranty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-217">Warranty.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-218">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-218">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-219">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-219">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-220">ii.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-220">ii.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-221">Limitation of Liability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-221">Limitation of Liability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-222">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-222">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-223">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-223">Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-224">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-224">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span></span>

## <a name="14-disclaimer-of-warranty"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-225">14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-225">14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-226">THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS IS.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-226">THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS IS.”</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-227">YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-227">YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-228">MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-228">MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-229">TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-229">TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.</span></span>

## <a name="15-limitation-on-and-exclusion-of-damages"></a><span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-230">15. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-230">15. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-231">IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR RECOVERING DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-231">IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR RECOVERING DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-232">YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-232">YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-233">This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-233">This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-234">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-234">It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-235">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-235">The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-236">Please note: As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-236">Please note: As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-237">Remarque: Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-237">Remarque: Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-238">EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-238">EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-239">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-239">Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ».</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-240">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-240">Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-241">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-241">Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-242">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-242">Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-243">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-243">La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-244">LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-244">LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-245">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-245">Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-246">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-246">Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-247">Cette limitation concerne:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-247">Cette limitation concerne:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-248">• tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-248">• tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-249">• les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-249">• les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-250">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-250">Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-251">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-251">Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-252">EFFET JURIDIQUE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-252">EFFET JURIDIQUE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-253">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-253">Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-254">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-254">Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6b0f0-255">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6b0f0-255">Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.</span></span>
