---
title: Speech Devices SDK license agreement
description: Speech Devices SDK license agreement.
titleSuffix: Microsoft Cognitive Services
services: cognitive-services
author: v-jerkin
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.technology: speech
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/28/2018
ms.author: v-jerkin
ms.openlocfilehash: 5d9fd0669302dbfbd4f1c3082643d6c03abc7019
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44866936"
---
# <a name="speech-devices-sdk-license-agreement"></a><span data-ttu-id="1da7c-103">Speech Devices SDK license agreement</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-103">Speech Devices SDK license agreement</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-software-license-termsbrspeech-devices-software-development-kit-sdk"></a><span data-ttu-id="1da7c-104">MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-104">MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="1da7c-105">SPEECH DEVICES SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT (SDK)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-105">SPEECH DEVICES SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT (SDK)</span></span> 

> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-106">IF YOU LIVE IN (OR ARE A BUSINESS WITH YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE "BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER" SECTION BELOW.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-106">IF YOU LIVE IN (OR ARE A BUSINESS WITH YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE "BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER" SECTION BELOW.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-107">IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-107">IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-108">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-108">These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-109">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft's rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-109">They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft's rights relating to pre-updated software or services).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-110">**IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-110">**IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-111">**1\. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-111">**1\. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-112">a)  General.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-112">a)  General.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-113">You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices, solely to evaluate and test it for your internal business purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-113">You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices, solely to evaluate and test it for your internal business purposes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-114">You may not use the software in a live operating environment unless Microsoft permits you to do so under another agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-114">You may not use the software in a live operating environment unless Microsoft permits you to do so under another agreement.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-115">b)  Included Microsoft Applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-115">b)  Included Microsoft Applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-116">The software may include other Microsoft applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-116">The software may include other Microsoft applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-117">These license terms apply to those included applications, if any, unless other license terms are provided with the other Microsoft applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-117">These license terms apply to those included applications, if any, unless other license terms are provided with the other Microsoft applications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-118">c)  Third Party Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-118">c)  Third Party Components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-119">The software may include third party components with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in the Third Party Notices file(s) accompanying the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-119">The software may include third party components with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in the Third Party Notices file(s) accompanying the software.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-120">d)  Package Managers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-120">d)  Package Managers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-121">The software may include package managers, like NuGet, that give you the option to download other Microsoft and third-party software packages to use with your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-121">The software may include package managers, like NuGet, that give you the option to download other Microsoft and third-party software packages to use with your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-122">Those packages are under their own licenses, and not this agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-122">Those packages are under their own licenses, and not this agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-123">Microsoft does not distribute, license or provide any warranties for any of the third-party packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-123">Microsoft does not distribute, license or provide any warranties for any of the third-party packages.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-124">e)  If you are a direct competitor, and you access or use the software for purposes of competitive benchmarking, analysis, or intelligence gathering, you waive as against Microsoft, its subsidiaries, and its affiliated companies (including prospectively) any competitive use, access, and benchmarking test restrictions in the terms governing your software to the extent your terms of use are, or purport to be, more restrictive than Microsoft's terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-124">e)  If you are a direct competitor, and you access or use the software for purposes of competitive benchmarking, analysis, or intelligence gathering, you waive as against Microsoft, its subsidiaries, and its affiliated companies (including prospectively) any competitive use, access, and benchmarking test restrictions in the terms governing your software to the extent your terms of use are, or purport to be, more restrictive than Microsoft's terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-125">If you do not waive any such purported restrictions in the terms governing your software, you are not allowed to access or use this software, and will not do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-125">If you do not waive any such purported restrictions in the terms governing your software, you are not allowed to access or use this software, and will not do so.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-126">**2\. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-126">**2\. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you will not (and have no right to):**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-127">a)  work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-127">a)  work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-128">b)  reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-128">b)  reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-129">c)  remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-129">c)  remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-130">d)  use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-130">d)  use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or propagate malware; or</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-131">e)  share, publish, or lend the software (except for any distributable code, and then subject to the applicable terms above), provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-131">e)  share, publish, or lend the software (except for any distributable code, and then subject to the applicable terms above), provide the software as a stand-alone hosted solution for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-132">f)  You must use the software only in combination with Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services, Speech service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-132">f)  You must use the software only in combination with Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services, Speech service</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-133">**3\. DATA COLLECTION.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-133">**3\. DATA COLLECTION.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-134">This software may interact with other Microsoft products that collect data that is transmitted to Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-134">This software may interact with other Microsoft products that collect data that is transmitted to Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-135">To learn more about how Microsoft processes personal data we collect, please see the Microsoft Privacy Statement at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=248681.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-135">To learn more about how Microsoft processes personal data we collect, please see the Microsoft Privacy Statement at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=248681.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-136">**4\. PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-136">**4\. PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-137">The software is a pre-release version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-137">The software is a pre-release version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-138">It may not operate correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-138">It may not operate correctly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-139">It may be different from the commercially released version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-139">It may be different from the commercially released version.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-140">**5\. FEEDBACK.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-140">**5\. FEEDBACK.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-141">If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your feedback in any way and for any purpose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-141">If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your feedback in any way and for any purpose.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-142">You will not give feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties because Microsoft includes your feedback in them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-142">You will not give feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties because Microsoft includes your feedback in them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-143">These rights survive this agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-143">These rights survive this agreement.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-144">**6\. PERIOD.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-144">**6\. PERIOD.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-145">This agreement is effective on your acceptance and may be terminated by you or Microsoft at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-145">This agreement is effective on your acceptance and may be terminated by you or Microsoft at any time.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-146">**7\. TERMINATION.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-146">**7\. TERMINATION.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-147">Without prejudice to any other rights, Microsoft may terminate this agreement if you fail to comply with any of its terms or conditions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-147">Without prejudice to any other rights, Microsoft may terminate this agreement if you fail to comply with any of its terms or conditions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-148">In such event, you must destroy all copies of the software and all of its component parts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-148">In such event, you must destroy all copies of the software and all of its component parts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-149">**8\.EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-149">**8\.EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-150">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-150">You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-151">For further information on export restrictions, visit (aka.ms/exporting).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-151">For further information on export restrictions, visit (aka.ms/exporting).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-152">**9\. SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-152">**9\. SUPPORT SERVICES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-153">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-153">Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide any support services for the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-154">Any support provided is "as is", "with all faults", and without warranty of any kind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-154">Any support provided is "as is", "with all faults", and without warranty of any kind.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-155">**10\. UPDATES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-155">**10\. UPDATES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-156">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-156">The software may periodically check for updates, and download and install them for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-157">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-157">You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-158">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-158">Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-159">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-159">You agree to receive these automatic updates without any additional notice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-160">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-160">Updates may not include or support all existing software features, services, or peripheral devices.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-161">**11\. BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-161">**11\. BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-162">This Section applies if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-162">This Section applies if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-163">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-163">If you and Microsoft have a dispute, you and Microsoft agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-164">If you and Microsoft can't, you and Microsoft agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association under the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA"), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-164">If you and Microsoft can't, you and Microsoft agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association under the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA"), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-165">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-165">Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-166">Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed; nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-166">Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed; nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-167">The complete Arbitration Agreement contains more terms and is at aka.ms/arb-agreement-1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-167">The complete Arbitration Agreement contains more terms and is at aka.ms/arb-agreement-1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-168">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-168">You and Microsoft agree to these terms.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-169">**12\. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-169">**12\. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-170">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-170">This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the software.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-171">**13\. APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-171">**13\. APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-172">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-172">If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-173">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-173">If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply, except that the FAA governs everything related to arbitration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-174">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-174">If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-175">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-175">If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court (excluding arbitration).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-176">**14\. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-176">**14\. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-177">This agreement describes certain legal rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-177">This agreement describes certain legal rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-178">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-178">You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state, province, or country.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-179">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-179">Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-180">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-180">This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state, province, or country do not permit it to do so.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-181">For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-181">For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-182">a)  Australia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-182">a)  Australia.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-183">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-183">You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-184">b)  Canada.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-184">b)  Canada.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-185">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-185">If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-186">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-186">The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-187">c)  Germany and Austria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-187">c)  Germany and Austria.</span></span>

> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-188">(i)   Warranty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-188">(i)   Warranty.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-189">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-189">The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-190">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-190">However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.</span></span>

> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-191">(ii)  Limitation of Liability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-191">(ii)  Limitation of Liability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-192">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-192">In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.</span></span>

> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-193">Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-193">Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1da7c-194">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-194">In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-195">**15\. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS IS." YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-195">**15\. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS IS." YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-196">**16\. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR RECOVERING DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-196">**16\. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR RECOVERING DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-197">**This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third-party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-197">**This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third-party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1da7c-198">**It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1da7c-198">**It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.**</span></span>
