---
title: Azure Advisor High Availability recommendations | Microsoft Docs
description: Use Azure Advisor to improve high availability of your Azure deployments.
services: advisor
documentationcenter: NA
author: manbeenkohli
manager: carmonm
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: advisor
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 11/16/2016
ms.author: makohli
ms.openlocfilehash: 541ab91bf3a79b1b91fa237880f48bd8e0ccc152
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44775560"
---
# <a name="advisor-high-availability-recommendations"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-103">Advisor High Availability recommendations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-103">Advisor High Availability recommendations</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-104">Azure Advisor helps you ensure and improve the continuity of your business-critical applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-104">Azure Advisor helps you ensure and improve the continuity of your business-critical applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-105">You can get high availability recommendations by Advisor from the **High Availability** tab of the Advisor dashboard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-105">You can get high availability recommendations by Advisor from the **High Availability** tab of the Advisor dashboard.</span></span>

## <a name="ensure-virtual-machine-fault-tolerance"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-106">Ensure virtual machine fault tolerance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-106">Ensure virtual machine fault tolerance</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-107">To provide redundancy to your application, we recommend that you group two or more virtual machines in an availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-107">To provide redundancy to your application, we recommend that you group two or more virtual machines in an availability set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-108">Advisor identifies virtual machines that are not part of an availability set and recommends moving them into an availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-108">Advisor identifies virtual machines that are not part of an availability set and recommends moving them into an availability set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-109">This configuration ensures that during either a planned or unplanned maintenance event, at least one virtual machine is available and meets the Azure virtual machine SLA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-109">This configuration ensures that during either a planned or unplanned maintenance event, at least one virtual machine is available and meets the Azure virtual machine SLA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-110">You can choose to create an availability set for the virtual machine or to add the virtual machine to an existing availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-110">You can choose to create an availability set for the virtual machine or to add the virtual machine to an existing availability set.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-111">If you choose to create an availability set, you must add at least one more virtual machine into it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-111">If you choose to create an availability set, you must add at least one more virtual machine into it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-112">We recommend that you group two or more virtual machines in an availability set to ensure that at least one machine is available during an outage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-112">We recommend that you group two or more virtual machines in an availability set to ensure that at least one machine is available during an outage.</span></span>

## <a name="ensure-availability-set-fault-tolerance"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-113">Ensure availability set fault tolerance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-113">Ensure availability set fault tolerance</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-114">To provide redundancy to your application, we recommend that you group two or more virtual machines in an availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-114">To provide redundancy to your application, we recommend that you group two or more virtual machines in an availability set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-115">Advisor identifies availability sets that contain a single virtual machine and recommends adding one or more virtual machines to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-115">Advisor identifies availability sets that contain a single virtual machine and recommends adding one or more virtual machines to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-116">This configuration ensures that during either a planned or unplanned maintenance event, at least one virtual machine is available and meets the Azure virtual machine SLA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-116">This configuration ensures that during either a planned or unplanned maintenance event, at least one virtual machine is available and meets the Azure virtual machine SLA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-117">You can choose to create a virtual machine or to add an existing virtual machine to the availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-117">You can choose to create a virtual machine or to add an existing virtual machine to the availability set.</span></span>  

## <a name="ensure-application-gateway-fault-tolerance"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-118">Ensure application gateway fault tolerance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-118">Ensure application gateway fault tolerance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cb865-119">To ensure the business continuity of mission-critical applications that are powered by application gateways, Advisor identifies application gateway instances that are not configured for fault tolerance, and it suggests remediation actions that you can take.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-119">To ensure the business continuity of mission-critical applications that are powered by application gateways, Advisor identifies application gateway instances that are not configured for fault tolerance, and it suggests remediation actions that you can take.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-120">Advisor identifies medium or large single-instance application gateways, and it recommends adding at least one more instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-120">Advisor identifies medium or large single-instance application gateways, and it recommends adding at least one more instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-121">It also identifies single- or multi-instance small application gateways and recommends migrating to medium or large SKUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-121">It also identifies single- or multi-instance small application gateways and recommends migrating to medium or large SKUs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-122">Advisor recommends these actions to ensure that your application gateway instances are configured to satisfy the current SLA requirements for these resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-122">Advisor recommends these actions to ensure that your application gateway instances are configured to satisfy the current SLA requirements for these resources.</span></span>

## <a name="improve-the-performance-and-reliability-of-virtual-machine-disks"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-123">Improve the performance and reliability of virtual machine disks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-123">Improve the performance and reliability of virtual machine disks</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-124">Advisor identifies virtual machines with standard disks and recommends upgrading to premium disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-124">Advisor identifies virtual machines with standard disks and recommends upgrading to premium disks.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="cb865-125">Azure Premium Storage delivers high-performance, low-latency disk support for virtual machines that run I/O-intensive workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-125">Azure Premium Storage delivers high-performance, low-latency disk support for virtual machines that run I/O-intensive workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-126">Virtual machine disks that use premium storage accounts store data on solid-state drives (SSDs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-126">Virtual machine disks that use premium storage accounts store data on solid-state drives (SSDs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-127">For the best performance for your application, we recommend that you migrate any virtual machine disks requiring high IOPS to premium storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-127">For the best performance for your application, we recommend that you migrate any virtual machine disks requiring high IOPS to premium storage.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-128">If your disks do not require high IOPS, you can limit costs by maintaining them in standard storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-128">If your disks do not require high IOPS, you can limit costs by maintaining them in standard storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-129">Standard storage stores virtual machine disk data on hard disk drives (HDDs) instead of SSDs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-129">Standard storage stores virtual machine disk data on hard disk drives (HDDs) instead of SSDs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-130">You can choose to migrate your virtual machine disks to premium disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-130">You can choose to migrate your virtual machine disks to premium disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-131">Premium disks are supported on most virtual machine SKUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-131">Premium disks are supported on most virtual machine SKUs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-132">However, in some cases, if you want to use premium disks, you might need to upgrade your virtual machine SKUs as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-132">However, in some cases, if you want to use premium disks, you might need to upgrade your virtual machine SKUs as well.</span></span>

## <a name="protect-your-virtual-machine-data-from-accidental-deletion"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-133">Protect your virtual machine data from accidental deletion</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-133">Protect your virtual machine data from accidental deletion</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-134">Setting up virtual machine backup ensures the availability of your business-critical data and offers protection against accidental deletion or corruption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-134">Setting up virtual machine backup ensures the availability of your business-critical data and offers protection against accidental deletion or corruption.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="cb865-135">Advisor identifies virtual machines where backup is not enabled, and it recommends enabling backup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-135">Advisor identifies virtual machines where backup is not enabled, and it recommends enabling backup.</span></span> 

## <a name="ensure-you-have-access-to-azure-cloud-experts-when-you-need-it"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-136">Ensure you have access to Azure cloud experts when you need it</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-136">Ensure you have access to Azure cloud experts when you need it</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-137">When running a business-critical workload, it's important to have access to technical support when needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-137">When running a business-critical workload, it's important to have access to technical support when needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-138">Advisor identifies potential business-critical subscriptions that do not have technical support included in their support plan and recommends upgrading to an option that includes technical support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-138">Advisor identifies potential business-critical subscriptions that do not have technical support included in their support plan and recommends upgrading to an option that includes technical support.</span></span>

## <a name="create-azure-service-health-alerts-to-be-notified-when-azure-issues-affect-you"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-139">Create Azure Service Health alerts to be notified when Azure issues affect you</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-139">Create Azure Service Health alerts to be notified when Azure issues affect you</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-140">We recommend setting up Azure Service Health alerts to be notified when Azure service issues affect you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-140">We recommend setting up Azure Service Health alerts to be notified when Azure service issues affect you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-141">[Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/service-health/) is a free service that provides personalized guidance and support when you are impacted by an Azure service issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-141">[Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/service-health/) is a free service that provides personalized guidance and support when you are impacted by an Azure service issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-142">Advisor identifies subscriptions that do not have alerts configured and recommends creating one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-142">Advisor identifies subscriptions that do not have alerts configured and recommends creating one.</span></span>

## <a name="configure-traffic-manager-endpoints-for-resiliency"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-143">Configure Traffic Manager endpoints for resiliency</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-143">Configure Traffic Manager endpoints for resiliency</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-144">Traffic Manager profiles with more than one endpoint experience higher availability if any given endpoint fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-144">Traffic Manager profiles with more than one endpoint experience higher availability if any given endpoint fails.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-145">Placing endpoints in different regions further improves service reliability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-145">Placing endpoints in different regions further improves service reliability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-146">Advisor identifies Traffic Manger profiles where there is only one endpoint and recommends adding at least one more endpoint in another region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-146">Advisor identifies Traffic Manger profiles where there is only one endpoint and recommends adding at least one more endpoint in another region.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-147">If all endpoints in a Traffic Manager profile that is configured for proximity routing are in the same region, users from other regions may experience connection delays.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-147">If all endpoints in a Traffic Manager profile that is configured for proximity routing are in the same region, users from other regions may experience connection delays.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-148">Adding or moving an endpoint to another region will improve overall performance and provide better availability if all endpoints in one region fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-148">Adding or moving an endpoint to another region will improve overall performance and provide better availability if all endpoints in one region fail.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-149">Advisor identifies Traffic Manager profiles configured for proximity routing where all the endpoints are in the same region and recommends adding or moving an endpoint to another Azure region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-149">Advisor identifies Traffic Manager profiles configured for proximity routing where all the endpoints are in the same region and recommends adding or moving an endpoint to another Azure region.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-150">If a Traffic Manager profile is configured for geographic routing, then traffic is routed to endpoints based on defined regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-150">If a Traffic Manager profile is configured for geographic routing, then traffic is routed to endpoints based on defined regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-151">If a region fails, there is no pre-defined failover.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-151">If a region fails, there is no pre-defined failover.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-152">Having an endpoint where the Regional Grouping is configured to "All (World)" will avoid traffic being dropped and improve service availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-152">Having an endpoint where the Regional Grouping is configured to "All (World)" will avoid traffic being dropped and improve service availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-153">Advisor identifies Traffic Manager profiles configured for geographic routing where there is no endpoint configured to have the Regional Grouping as "All (World)" and recommends making that configuration change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-153">Advisor identifies Traffic Manager profiles configured for geographic routing where there is no endpoint configured to have the Regional Grouping as "All (World)" and recommends making that configuration change.</span></span>

## <a name="use-soft-delete-on-your-azure-storage-account-to-save-and-recover-data-in-the-event-of-accidental-overwrite-or-deletion"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-154">Use soft delete on your Azure Storage Account to save and recover data in the event of accidental overwrite or deletion</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-154">Use soft delete on your Azure Storage Account to save and recover data in the event of accidental overwrite or deletion</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-155">Enable [soft delete](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-soft-delete) on your storage account so that deleted blobs transition to a soft deleted state instead of being permanently deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-155">Enable [soft delete](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-soft-delete) on your storage account so that deleted blobs transition to a soft deleted state instead of being permanently deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-156">When data is overwritten, a soft deleted snapshot is generated to save the state of the overwritten data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-156">When data is overwritten, a soft deleted snapshot is generated to save the state of the overwritten data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-157">This allows you to recover in the event of accidental deletion or overwrites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-157">This allows you to recover in the event of accidental deletion or overwrites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cb865-158">Advisor identifies Azure Storage Accounts that don't have soft delete enabled and suggests you enable it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-158">Advisor identifies Azure Storage Accounts that don't have soft delete enabled and suggests you enable it.</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-access-high-availability-recommendations-in-advisor"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-159">How to access High Availability recommendations in Advisor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-159">How to access High Availability recommendations in Advisor</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="cb865-160">Sign in to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), and then open [Advisor](https://aka.ms/azureadvisordashboard).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-160">Sign in to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), and then open [Advisor](https://aka.ms/azureadvisordashboard).</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="cb865-161">On the Advisor dashboard, click the **High Availability** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-161">On the Advisor dashboard, click the **High Availability** tab.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="cb865-162">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-162">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cb865-163">For more information about Advisor recommendations, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-163">For more information about Advisor recommendations, see:</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="cb865-164">Introduction to Azure Advisor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-164">Introduction to Azure Advisor</span></span>](advisor-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cb865-165">Get started with Advisor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-165">Get started with Advisor</span></span>](advisor-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cb865-166">Advisor Cost recommendations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-166">Advisor Cost recommendations</span></span>](advisor-performance-recommendations.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cb865-167">Advisor Performance recommendations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-167">Advisor Performance recommendations</span></span>](advisor-performance-recommendations.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cb865-168">Advisor Security recommendations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cb865-168">Advisor Security recommendations</span></span>](advisor-security-recommendations.md)

