---
title: Using SAP on Windows virtual machines | Microsoft Docs
description: Lear about using SAP on Windows virtual machines (VMs) in Microsoft Azure
services: virtual-machines-windows,virtual-network,storage
documentationcenter: saponazure
author: MSSedusch
manager: timlt
editor: ''
tags: azure-service-management
keywords: ''
ms.assetid: 1b455be4-c02f-43e3-8d39-c2d5f216e646
ms.service: virtual-machines-windows
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: campaign-page
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-windows
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 10/04/2016
ms.author: sedusch
ms.openlocfilehash: 304cdb9b97b9274c3d761f56e1d7fdf5fe6e8450
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44669874"
---
# <a name="using-sap-on-windows-virtual-machines-in-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="76448-103">Using SAP on Windows virtual machines in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-103">Using SAP on Windows virtual machines in Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="76448-104">Cloud Computing is a widely used term which is gaining more and more importance within the IT industry, from small companies up to large and multinational corporations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-104">Cloud Computing is a widely used term which is gaining more and more importance within the IT industry, from small companies up to large and multinational corporations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-105">Microsoft Azure is the Cloud Services Platform from Microsoft which offers a wide spectrum of new possibilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-105">Microsoft Azure is the Cloud Services Platform from Microsoft which offers a wide spectrum of new possibilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-106">Now customers are able to rapidly provision and de-provision applications as Cloud-Services, so they are not limited to technical or budgeting restrictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-106">Now customers are able to rapidly provision and de-provision applications as Cloud-Services, so they are not limited to technical or budgeting restrictions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-107">Instead of investing time and budget into hardware infrastructure, companies can focus on the application, business processes and its benefits for customers and users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-107">Instead of investing time and budget into hardware infrastructure, companies can focus on the application, business processes and its benefits for customers and users.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="76448-108">With Microsoft Azure virtual machines, Microsoft offers a comprehensive Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-108">With Microsoft Azure virtual machines, Microsoft offers a comprehensive Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-109">SAP NetWeaver based applications are supported on Azure Virtual Machines (IaaS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-109">SAP NetWeaver based applications are supported on Azure Virtual Machines (IaaS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-110">The whitepapers below describe how to plan and implement SAP NetWeaver based applications on Windows virtual machines in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-110">The whitepapers below describe how to plan and implement SAP NetWeaver based applications on Windows virtual machines in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-111">You can also implement SAP NetWeaver based applications on [Linux virtual machines](../../linux/classic/sap-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-111">You can also implement SAP NetWeaver based applications on [Linux virtual machines](../../linux/classic/sap-get-started.md).</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-common-classic-sap-get-started](../../../../includes/virtual-machines-common-classic-sap-get-started.md)]

## <a name="sap-netweaver-on-azure---ha"></a><span data-ttu-id="76448-112">SAP NetWeaver on Azure - HA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-112">SAP NetWeaver on Azure - HA</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="76448-113">Title: SAP NetWeaver on Azure - Clustering SAP ASCS/SCS Instances using Windows Server Failover Cluster on Azure with SIOS DataKeeper</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-113">Title: SAP NetWeaver on Azure - Clustering SAP ASCS/SCS Instances using Windows Server Failover Cluster on Azure with SIOS DataKeeper</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="76448-114">Summary: 'This document describes how to use SIOS DataKeeper to set up a highly available SAP ASCS/SCS configuration on Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-114">Summary: 'This document describes how to use SIOS DataKeeper to set up a highly available SAP ASCS/SCS configuration on Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-115">SAP protects their single point of failure components like SAP ASCS/SCS or Enqueue Replication Services with Windows Server Failover Cluster configurations that require shared disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-115">SAP protects their single point of failure components like SAP ASCS/SCS or Enqueue Replication Services with Windows Server Failover Cluster configurations that require shared disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-116">These SAP components are essential for the functionality of a SAP system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-116">These SAP components are essential for the functionality of a SAP system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-117">Therefore high-availability functionality needs to be put in place to make sure that those components can sustain a failure of a server or a VM as done with Windows Cluster configurations for bare-metal and Hyper-V environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-117">Therefore high-availability functionality needs to be put in place to make sure that those components can sustain a failure of a server or a VM as done with Windows Cluster configurations for bare-metal and Hyper-V environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-118">As of August 2015 Azure on itself cannot provide shared disks that would be required for the Windows based highly available configurations required for these critical SAP components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-118">As of August 2015 Azure on itself cannot provide shared disks that would be required for the Windows based highly available configurations required for these critical SAP components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-119">However with the help of the product DataKeeper by SIOS, Windows Server Failover Cluster configurations as needed for SAP ASCS/SCS can be built on the Azure IaaS platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-119">However with the help of the product DataKeeper by SIOS, Windows Server Failover Cluster configurations as needed for SAP ASCS/SCS can be built on the Azure IaaS platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-120">This paper describes in a step-to-step approach how to install a Windows Server Failover Cluster configuration with shared disk provided by SIOS Datakeeper in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-120">This paper describes in a step-to-step approach how to install a Windows Server Failover Cluster configuration with shared disk provided by SIOS Datakeeper in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-121">The paper will explain details in configurations on the Azure, Windows and SAP side which make the high availability configuration work in an optimal manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-121">The paper will explain details in configurations on the Azure, Windows and SAP side which make the high availability configuration work in an optimal manner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76448-122">The paper complements the SAP Installation Documentation and SAP Notes which represent the primary resources for installations and deployments of SAP software on given platforms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-122">The paper complements the SAP Installation Documentation and SAP Notes which represent the primary resources for installations and deployments of SAP software on given platforms.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="76448-123">Updated: August 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-123">Updated: August 2015</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="76448-124">Download this guide now</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76448-124">Download this guide now</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=613056)

