---
title: Business continuity - Microsoft Genomics | Microsoft Docs
titleSuffix: Azure
description: Learn how Microsoft Genomics supports business continuity
keywords: business continuity, disaster recovery
services: microsoft-genomics
author: grhuynh
manager: jhubbard
editor: jasonwhowell
ms.author: grhuynh
ms.service: microsoft-genomics
ms.workload: genomics
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 04/06/2018
ms.openlocfilehash: cb3825cb89aff386c4f7c3f3b0d771d73fe637b1
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44867778"
---
# <a name="overview-of-business-continuity-with-microsoft-genomics"></a><span data-ttu-id="63103-104">Overview of business continuity with Microsoft Genomics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-104">Overview of business continuity with Microsoft Genomics</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="63103-105">This overview describes the capabilities that Microsoft Genomics provides for business continuity and disaster recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-105">This overview describes the capabilities that Microsoft Genomics provides for business continuity and disaster recovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-106">Learn about options for recovering from disruptive events, such as an Azure region outage, that could cause data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-106">Learn about options for recovering from disruptive events, such as an Azure region outage, that could cause data loss.</span></span> 


## <a name="microsoft-genomics-features-that-support-business-continuity"></a><span data-ttu-id="63103-107">Microsoft Genomics features that support business continuity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-107">Microsoft Genomics features that support business continuity</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="63103-108">Although rare, an Azure data center can have an outage, which could cause a business disruption that might last a few minutes to a few hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-108">Although rare, an Azure data center can have an outage, which could cause a business disruption that might last a few minutes to a few hours.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-109">When an outage occurs, all jobs currently running in the data center will fail, and the Microsoft Genomics service will not automatically resubmit jobs to a secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-109">When an outage occurs, all jobs currently running in the data center will fail, and the Microsoft Genomics service will not automatically resubmit jobs to a secondary region.</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="63103-110">One option is to wait for the data center to come back online when the data center outage is over.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-110">One option is to wait for the data center to come back online when the data center outage is over.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-111">If the outage is short, the Microsoft Genomics service will automatically detect the failed jobs and the workflow will be automatically restarted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-111">If the outage is short, the Microsoft Genomics service will automatically detect the failed jobs and the workflow will be automatically restarted.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="63103-112">Another option is to proactively submit the workflow in another data region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-112">Another option is to proactively submit the workflow in another data region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-113">Microsoft Genomics deploys instances in several [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/), and each region-specific instance is independent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-113">Microsoft Genomics deploys instances in several [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/), and each region-specific instance is independent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-114">If one of the Microsoft Genomics instances does experience a region local failure, other regions running instances of Microsoft Genomics will continue to process jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-114">If one of the Microsoft Genomics instances does experience a region local failure, other regions running instances of Microsoft Genomics will continue to process jobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-115">This transfer to an alternative region is under the control of the user and available at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-115">This transfer to an alternative region is under the control of the user and available at any time.</span></span>


### <a name="manually-failover-microsoft-genomics-workflows-to-another-region"></a><span data-ttu-id="63103-116">Manually failover Microsoft Genomics workflows to another region</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-116">Manually failover Microsoft Genomics workflows to another region</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="63103-117">In the case of a regional data center outage, you may elect to submit Microsoft Genomics workflows in a secondary region, based on your individual data sovereignty and business continuity requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-117">In the case of a regional data center outage, you may elect to submit Microsoft Genomics workflows in a secondary region, based on your individual data sovereignty and business continuity requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-118">To manually failover Microsoft Genomics workflows, you would use a different region-specific.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-118">To manually failover Microsoft Genomics workflows, you would use a different region-specific.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-119">Genomics account and submit the job with appropriate region-specific Genomics and storage account credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-119">Genomics account and submit the job with appropriate region-specific Genomics and storage account credentials.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="63103-120">Specifically, you will need to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-120">Specifically, you will need to:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="63103-121">Create a Genomics account in the secondary region, using the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-121">Create a Genomics account in the secondary region, using the Azure portal.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="63103-122">Migrate your input data to a storage account in the secondary region, and set up an output folder in the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-122">Migrate your input data to a storage account in the secondary region, and set up an output folder in the secondary region.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="63103-123">Submit the workflow in the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-123">Submit the workflow in the secondary region.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="63103-124">When the original region is restored, the Microsoft Genomics service does not migrate the data from the secondary region back to the original region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-124">When the original region is restored, the Microsoft Genomics service does not migrate the data from the secondary region back to the original region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-125">You may elect to move the input and output files from the secondary region back to original region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-125">You may elect to move the input and output files from the secondary region back to original region.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="63103-126">If you elect to move their data, this is outside the Genomics service and all charges related to the data movement would be your responsibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-126">If you elect to move their data, this is outside the Genomics service and all charges related to the data movement would be your responsibility.</span></span> 

### <a name="preparing-for-a-possible-region-specific-outage"></a><span data-ttu-id="63103-127">Preparing for a possible region-specific outage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-127">Preparing for a possible region-specific outage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="63103-128">If you are concerned about faster recovery in the case of a data center outage, there are a few steps you can take to reduce the time it takes for you to manually resubmit your Microsoft Genomics workflows to a secondary region:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-128">If you are concerned about faster recovery in the case of a data center outage, there are a few steps you can take to reduce the time it takes for you to manually resubmit your Microsoft Genomics workflows to a secondary region:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="63103-129">Identify an appropriate secondary region and pro-actively create a Genomics account in that region</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-129">Identify an appropriate secondary region and pro-actively create a Genomics account in that region</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="63103-130">Duplicate your data in the primary and secondary region so that your data is immediately available in the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-130">Duplicate your data in the primary and secondary region so that your data is immediately available in the secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-131">This could be done manually or using the [geo-redundant storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-redundancy) feature available in Azure storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-131">This could be done manually or using the [geo-redundant storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-redundancy) feature available in Azure storage.</span></span> 

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="63103-132">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-132">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="63103-133">In this article, you learned about your options for business continuity and disaster recovery when using the Microsoft Genomics service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-133">In this article, you learned about your options for business continuity and disaster recovery when using the Microsoft Genomics service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63103-134">For more information about business continuity and disaster recovery within Azure in general, see [Azure resiliency technical guidance.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/resiliency/recovery-loss-azure-region)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63103-134">For more information about business continuity and disaster recovery within Azure in general, see [Azure resiliency technical guidance.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/resiliency/recovery-loss-azure-region)</span></span> 