---
title: Add monitoring & diagnostics to an Azure virtual machine | Microsoft Docs
description: Use a Azure resource manager template to create a new Windows virtual machine with Azure diagnostics extension.
services: virtual-machines-windows
documentationcenter: ''
author: sbtron
manager: timlt
editor: ''
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: 8cde8fe7-977b-43d2-be74-ad46dc946058
ms.service: virtual-machines-windows
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-windows
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 1/23/2017
ms.author: saurabh
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.openlocfilehash: 3e44b672fd2eb54798737d6c3f64afc3ab374aa8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553169"
---
# <a name="use-monitoring-and-diagnostics-with-a-windows-vm-and-azure-resource-manager-templates"></a><span data-ttu-id="66886-103">Use monitoring and diagnostics with a Windows VM and Azure Resource Manager templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-103">Use monitoring and diagnostics with a Windows VM and Azure Resource Manager templates</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="66886-104">The Azure Diagnostics Extension provides the monitoring and diagnostics capabilities on a Windows based Azure virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-104">The Azure Diagnostics Extension provides the monitoring and diagnostics capabilities on a Windows based Azure virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-105">You can enable these capabilities on the virtual machine by including the extension as part of the azure resource manager template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-105">You can enable these capabilities on the virtual machine by including the extension as part of the azure resource manager template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-106">See [Authoring Azure Resource Manager Templates with VM Extensions](extensions-authoring-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) for more information on including any extension as part of a virtual machine template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-106">See [Authoring Azure Resource Manager Templates with VM Extensions](extensions-authoring-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) for more information on including any extension as part of a virtual machine template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-107">This article describes how you can add the Azure Diagnostics extension to a windows virtual machine template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-107">This article describes how you can add the Azure Diagnostics extension to a windows virtual machine template.</span></span>  

## <a name="add-the-azure-diagnostics-extension-to-the-vm-resource-definition"></a><span data-ttu-id="66886-108">Add the Azure Diagnostics extension to the VM resource definition</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-108">Add the Azure Diagnostics extension to the VM resource definition</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="66886-109">To enable the diagnostics extension on a Windows Virtual Machine you need to add the extension as a VM resource in the Resource manager template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-109">To enable the diagnostics extension on a Windows Virtual Machine you need to add the extension as a VM resource in the Resource manager template.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-110">For a simple Resource Manager based Virtual Machine add the extension configuration to the *resources* array for the Virtual Machine:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-110">For a simple Resource Manager based Virtual Machine add the extension configuration to the *resources* array for the Virtual Machine:</span></span> 

    "resources": [
                {
                    "name": "Microsoft.Insights.VMDiagnosticsSettings",
                    "type": "extensions",
                    "location": "[resourceGroup().location]",
                    "apiVersion": "2015-06-15",
                    "dependsOn": [
                        "[concat('Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/', variables('vmName'))]"
                    ],
                    "tags": {
                        "displayName": "AzureDiagnostics"
                    },
                    "properties": {
                        "publisher": "Microsoft.Azure.Diagnostics",
                        "type": "IaaSDiagnostics",
                        "typeHandlerVersion": "1.5",
                        "autoUpgradeMinorVersion": true,
                        "settings": {
                            "xmlCfg": "[base64(concat(variables('wadcfgxstart'), variables('wadmetricsresourceid'), variables('vmName'), variables('wadcfgxend')))]",
                            "storageAccount": "[parameters('existingdiagnosticsStorageAccountName')]"
                        },
                        "protectedSettings": {
                            "storageAccountName": "[parameters('existingdiagnosticsStorageAccountName')]",
                            "storageAccountKey": "[listkeys(variables('accountid'), '2015-05-01-preview').key1]",
                            "storageAccountEndPoint": "https://core.windows.net"
                        }
                    }
                }
            ]


<span data-ttu-id="66886-111">Another common convention is add the extension configuration at the root resources node of the template instead of defining it under the virtual machine's resources node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-111">Another common convention is add the extension configuration at the root resources node of the template instead of defining it under the virtual machine's resources node.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-112">With this approach you have to explicitly specify a hierarchical relation between the extension and the virtual machine with the *name* and *type* values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-112">With this approach you have to explicitly specify a hierarchical relation between the extension and the virtual machine with the *name* and *type* values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-113">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-113">For example:</span></span> 

    "name": "[concat(variables('vmName'),'Microsoft.Insights.VMDiagnosticsSettings')]",
    "type": "Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/extensions",

<span data-ttu-id="66886-114">The extension is always associated with the virtual machine, you can either directly define it under the virtual machine's resource node directly or define it at the base level and use the hierarchical naming convention to associate it with the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-114">The extension is always associated with the virtual machine, you can either directly define it under the virtual machine's resource node directly or define it at the base level and use the hierarchical naming convention to associate it with the virtual machine.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-115">For Virtual Machine Scale Sets the extensions configuration is specified in the *extensionProfile* property of the *VirtualMachineProfile*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-115">For Virtual Machine Scale Sets the extensions configuration is specified in the *extensionProfile* property of the *VirtualMachineProfile*.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-116">The *publisher* property with the value of **Microsoft.Azure.Diagnostics** and the *type* property with the value of **IaaSDiagnostics** uniquely identify the Azure Diagnostics extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-116">The *publisher* property with the value of **Microsoft.Azure.Diagnostics** and the *type* property with the value of **IaaSDiagnostics** uniquely identify the Azure Diagnostics extension.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-117">The value of the *name* property can be used to refer to the extension in the resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-117">The value of the *name* property can be used to refer to the extension in the resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-118">Setting it specifically to **Microsoft.Insights.VMDiagnosticsSettings** will enable it to be easily identified by the Azure classic portal portal ensuring that the monitoring charts show up correctly in the Azure classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-118">Setting it specifically to **Microsoft.Insights.VMDiagnosticsSettings** will enable it to be easily identified by the Azure classic portal portal ensuring that the monitoring charts show up correctly in the Azure classic portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-119">The *typeHandlerVersion* specifies the version of the extension you would like to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-119">The *typeHandlerVersion* specifies the version of the extension you would like to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-120">Setting *autoUpgradeMinorVersion* minor version to **true** ensures that you will get the latest Minor version of the extension that is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-120">Setting *autoUpgradeMinorVersion* minor version to **true** ensures that you will get the latest Minor version of the extension that is available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-121">It is highly recommended that you always set *autoUpgradeMinorVersion* to always be **true** so that you always get to use the latest available diagnostics extension with all the new features and bug fixes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-121">It is highly recommended that you always set *autoUpgradeMinorVersion* to always be **true** so that you always get to use the latest available diagnostics extension with all the new features and bug fixes.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="66886-122">The *settings* element contains configurations properties for the extension that can be set and read back from the extension (sometimes referred to as public configuration).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-122">The *settings* element contains configurations properties for the extension that can be set and read back from the extension (sometimes referred to as public configuration).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-123">The *xmlcfg* property contains xml based configuration for the diagnostics logs, performance counters etc that will be collected by the diagnostics agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-123">The *xmlcfg* property contains xml based configuration for the diagnostics logs, performance counters etc that will be collected by the diagnostics agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-124">See [Diagnostics Configuration Schema](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn782207.aspx) for more information about the xml schema itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-124">See [Diagnostics Configuration Schema](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn782207.aspx) for more information about the xml schema itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-125">A common practice is to store the actual xml configuration as a variable in the Azure Resource Manager template and then concatenate and base64 encode them to set the value for *xmlcfg*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-125">A common practice is to store the actual xml configuration as a variable in the Azure Resource Manager template and then concatenate and base64 encode them to set the value for *xmlcfg*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-126">See the section on [diagnostics configuration variables](#diagnostics-configuration-variables) to understand more about how to store the xml in variables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-126">See the section on [diagnostics configuration variables](#diagnostics-configuration-variables) to understand more about how to store the xml in variables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-127">The *storageAccount* property specifies the name of the storage account to which diagnostics data will be transferred.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-127">The *storageAccount* property specifies the name of the storage account to which diagnostics data will be transferred.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="66886-128">The properties in *protectedSettings* (sometimes referred to as private configuration) can be set but cannot be read back after being set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-128">The properties in *protectedSettings* (sometimes referred to as private configuration) can be set but cannot be read back after being set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-129">The write-only nature of *protectedSettings* makes it useful for storing secrets like the storage account key where the diagnostics data will be written.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-129">The write-only nature of *protectedSettings* makes it useful for storing secrets like the storage account key where the diagnostics data will be written.</span></span>    

## <a name="specifying-diagnostics-storage-account-as-parameters"></a><span data-ttu-id="66886-130">Specifying diagnostics storage account as parameters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-130">Specifying diagnostics storage account as parameters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="66886-131">The diagnostics extension json snippet above assumes two parameters *existingdiagnosticsStorageAccountName* and *existingdiagnosticsStorageResourceGroup* to specify the diagnostics storage account where diagnostics data will be stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-131">The diagnostics extension json snippet above assumes two parameters *existingdiagnosticsStorageAccountName* and *existingdiagnosticsStorageResourceGroup* to specify the diagnostics storage account where diagnostics data will be stored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-132">Specifying the diagnostics storage account as a parameter makes it easy to change the diagnostics storage account across different environments e.g. you may want to use a different diagnostics storage account for testing and a different one for your production deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-132">Specifying the diagnostics storage account as a parameter makes it easy to change the diagnostics storage account across different environments e.g. you may want to use a different diagnostics storage account for testing and a different one for your production deployment.</span></span>  

        "existingdiagnosticsStorageAccountName": {
            "type": "string",
            "metadata": {
        "description": "The name of an existing storage account to which diagnostics data will be transfered."
            }        
        },
        "existingdiagnosticsStorageResourceGroup": {
            "type": "string",
            "metadata": {
        "description": "The resource group for the storage account specified in existingdiagnosticsStorageAccountName"
              }
        }

<span data-ttu-id="66886-133">It is best practice to specify a diagnostics storage account in a different resource group than the resource group for the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-133">It is best practice to specify a diagnostics storage account in a different resource group than the resource group for the virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-134">A resource group can be considered to be a deployment unit with its own lifetime, a virtual machine can be deployed and redeployed as new configurations updates are made it to it but you may want to continue storing the diagnostics data in the same storage account across those virtual machine deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-134">A resource group can be considered to be a deployment unit with its own lifetime, a virtual machine can be deployed and redeployed as new configurations updates are made it to it but you may want to continue storing the diagnostics data in the same storage account across those virtual machine deployments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-135">Having the storage account in a different resource enables the storage account to accept data from various virtual machine deployments making it easy to troubleshoot issues across the various versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-135">Having the storage account in a different resource enables the storage account to accept data from various virtual machine deployments making it easy to troubleshoot issues across the various versions.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="66886-136">If you create a windows virtual machine template from Visual Studio the default storage account might be set to use the same storage account where the virtual machine VHD is uploaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-136">If you create a windows virtual machine template from Visual Studio the default storage account might be set to use the same storage account where the virtual machine VHD is uploaded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-137">This is to simplify initial setup of the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-137">This is to simplify initial setup of the VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-138">You should re-factor the template to use a different storage account that can be passed in as a parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-138">You should re-factor the template to use a different storage account that can be passed in as a parameter.</span></span> 
> 
> 

## <a name="diagnostics-configuration-variables"></a><span data-ttu-id="66886-139">Diagnostics configuration variables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-139">Diagnostics configuration variables</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="66886-140">The diagnostics extension json snippet above defines an *accountid* variable to simplify getting the storage account key for the diagnostics storage:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-140">The diagnostics extension json snippet above defines an *accountid* variable to simplify getting the storage account key for the diagnostics storage:</span></span>   

    "accountid": "[concat('/subscriptions/', subscription().subscriptionId, '/resourceGroups/',parameters('existingdiagnosticsStorageResourceGroup'), '/providers/','Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/', parameters('existingdiagnosticsStorageAccountName'))]"


<span data-ttu-id="66886-141">The *xmlcfg* property for the diagnostics extension is defined using multiple variables that are concatenated together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-141">The *xmlcfg* property for the diagnostics extension is defined using multiple variables that are concatenated together.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-142">The values of these variables are in xml so they need to be escaped correctly when setting the json variables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-142">The values of these variables are in xml so they need to be escaped correctly when setting the json variables.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-143">The following describes the diagnostics configuration xml that collects standard system level performance counters along with some windows event logs and diagnostics infrastructure logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-143">The following describes the diagnostics configuration xml that collects standard system level performance counters along with some windows event logs and diagnostics infrastructure logs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-144">It has been escaped and formatted correctly so that the configuration can directly be pasted into the variables section of your template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-144">It has been escaped and formatted correctly so that the configuration can directly be pasted into the variables section of your template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-145">See the [Diagnostics Configuration Schema](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn782207.aspx) for a more human readable example of the configuration xml.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-145">See the [Diagnostics Configuration Schema](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn782207.aspx) for a more human readable example of the configuration xml.</span></span>

        "wadlogs": "<WadCfg> <DiagnosticMonitorConfiguration overallQuotaInMB=\"4096\" xmlns=\"http://schemas.microsoft.com/ServiceHosting/2010/10/DiagnosticsConfiguration\"> <DiagnosticInfrastructureLogs scheduledTransferLogLevelFilter=\"Error\"/> <WindowsEventLog scheduledTransferPeriod=\"PT1M\" > <DataSource name=\"Application!*[System[(Level = 1 or Level = 2)]]\" /> <DataSource name=\"Security!*[System[(Level = 1 or Level = 2)]]\" /> <DataSource name=\"System!*[System[(Level = 1 or Level = 2)]]\" /></WindowsEventLog>",
        "wadperfcounters1": "<PerformanceCounters scheduledTransferPeriod=\"PT1M\"><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Processor(_Total)\\% Processor Time\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"CPU utilization\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Processor(_Total)\\% Privileged Time\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"CPU privileged time\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Processor(_Total)\\% User Time\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"CPU user time\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Processor Information(_Total)\\Processor Frequency\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Count\"><annotation displayName=\"CPU frequency\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\System\\Processes\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Count\"><annotation displayName=\"Processes\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Process(_Total)\\Thread Count\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Count\"><annotation displayName=\"Threads\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Process(_Total)\\Handle Count\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Count\"><annotation displayName=\"Handles\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Memory\\% Committed Bytes In Use\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"Memory usage\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Memory\\Available Bytes\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Bytes\"><annotation displayName=\"Memory available\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Memory\\Committed Bytes\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Bytes\"><annotation displayName=\"Memory committed\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\Memory\\Commit Limit\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Bytes\"><annotation displayName=\"Memory commit limit\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\% Disk Time\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk active time\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration>",
        "wadperfcounters2": "<PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\% Disk Read Time\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk active read time\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\% Disk Write Time\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk active write time\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\Disk Transfers/sec\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"CountPerSecond\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk operations\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\Disk Reads/sec\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"CountPerSecond\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk read operations\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\Disk Writes/sec\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"CountPerSecond\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk write operations\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\Disk Bytes/sec\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"BytesPerSecond\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk speed\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\Disk Read Bytes/sec\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"BytesPerSecond\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk read speed\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\PhysicalDisk(_Total)\\Disk Write Bytes/sec\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"BytesPerSecond\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk write speed\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration><PerformanceCounterConfiguration counterSpecifier=\"\\LogicalDisk(_Total)\\% Free Space\" sampleRate=\"PT15S\" unit=\"Percent\"><annotation displayName=\"Disk free space (percentage)\" locale=\"en-us\"/></PerformanceCounterConfiguration></PerformanceCounters>",
        "wadcfgxstart": "[concat(variables('wadlogs'), variables('wadperfcounters1'), variables('wadperfcounters2'), '<Metrics resourceId=\"')]",
        "wadmetricsresourceid": "[concat('/subscriptions/', subscription().subscriptionId, '/resourceGroups/', resourceGroup().name , '/providers/', 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/')]",
        "wadcfgxend": "\"><MetricAggregation scheduledTransferPeriod=\"PT1H\"/><MetricAggregation scheduledTransferPeriod=\"PT1M\"/></Metrics></DiagnosticMonitorConfiguration></WadCfg>"

<span data-ttu-id="66886-146">The Metrics definition xml node in the above configuration is an important configuration element as it defines how the performance counters defined earlier in the xml in *PerformanceCounter* node will be aggregated and stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-146">The Metrics definition xml node in the above configuration is an important configuration element as it defines how the performance counters defined earlier in the xml in *PerformanceCounter* node will be aggregated and stored.</span></span> 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="66886-147">These metrics drive the monitoring charts and alerts in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-147">These metrics drive the monitoring charts and alerts in the Azure portal.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="66886-148">The **Metrics** node with the *resourceID* and **MetricAggregation** must be included in the diagnostics configuration for your VM if you want to see the VM monitoring data in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-148">The **Metrics** node with the *resourceID* and **MetricAggregation** must be included in the diagnostics configuration for your VM if you want to see the VM monitoring data in the Azure portal.</span></span> 
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="66886-149">The following is an example of the xml for metrics definitions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-149">The following is an example of the xml for metrics definitions:</span></span> 

        <Metrics resourceId="/subscriptions/subscription().subscriptionId/resourceGroups/resourceGroup().name/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/vmName">
            <MetricAggregation scheduledTransferPeriod="PT1H"/>
            <MetricAggregation scheduledTransferPeriod="PT1M"/>
        </Metrics>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-150">The *resourceID* attribute uniquely identifies the virtual machine in your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-150">The *resourceID* attribute uniquely identifies the virtual machine in your subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-151">Make sure to use the subscription() and resourceGroup() functions so that the template automatically updates those values based on the subscription and resource group you are deploying to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-151">Make sure to use the subscription() and resourceGroup() functions so that the template automatically updates those values based on the subscription and resource group you are deploying to.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-152">If you are creating multiple Virtual Machines in a loop then you will have to populate the *resourceID* value with an copyIndex() function to correctly differentiate each individual VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-152">If you are creating multiple Virtual Machines in a loop then you will have to populate the *resourceID* value with an copyIndex() function to correctly differentiate each individual VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-153">The *xmlCfg* value can be updated to support this as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-153">The *xmlCfg* value can be updated to support this as follows:</span></span>  

    "xmlCfg": "[base64(concat(variables('wadcfgxstart'), variables('wadmetricsresourceid'), concat(parameters('vmNamePrefix'), copyindex()), variables('wadcfgxend')))]", 

<span data-ttu-id="66886-154">The MetricAggregation value of *PT1H* and *PT1M* signify an aggregation over a minute and an aggregation over an hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-154">The MetricAggregation value of *PT1H* and *PT1M* signify an aggregation over a minute and an aggregation over an hour.</span></span>

## <a name="wadmetrics-tables-in-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="66886-155">WADMetrics tables in storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-155">WADMetrics tables in storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="66886-156">The Metrics configuration above will generate tables in your diagnostics storage account with the following naming conventions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-156">The Metrics configuration above will generate tables in your diagnostics storage account with the following naming conventions:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="66886-157">**WADMetrics** : Standard prefix for all WADMetrics tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-157">**WADMetrics** : Standard prefix for all WADMetrics tables</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-158">**PT1H** or **PT1M** : Signifies that the table contains aggregate data over 1 hour or 1 minute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-158">**PT1H** or **PT1M** : Signifies that the table contains aggregate data over 1 hour or 1 minute</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-159">**P10D** : Signifies the table will contain data for 10 days from when the table started collecting data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-159">**P10D** : Signifies the table will contain data for 10 days from when the table started collecting data</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-160">**V2S** : String constant</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-160">**V2S** : String constant</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-161">**yyyymmdd** : The date at which the table started collecting data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-161">**yyyymmdd** : The date at which the table started collecting data</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="66886-162">Example: *WADMetricsPT1HP10DV2S20151108* will contain metrics data aggregated over an hour for 10 days starting on 11-Nov-2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-162">Example: *WADMetricsPT1HP10DV2S20151108* will contain metrics data aggregated over an hour for 10 days starting on 11-Nov-2015</span></span>    

<span data-ttu-id="66886-163">Each WADMetrics table will contain the following columns:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-163">Each WADMetrics table will contain the following columns:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="66886-164">**PartitionKey**: The partitionkey is constructed based on the *resourceID* value to uniquely identify the VM resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-164">**PartitionKey**: The partitionkey is constructed based on the *resourceID* value to uniquely identify the VM resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-165">for e.g. : 002Fsubscriptions:<subscriptionID>:002FresourceGroups:002F<ResourceGroupName>:002Fproviders:002FMicrosoft:002ECompute:002FvirtualMachines:002F<vmName></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-165">for e.g. : 002Fsubscriptions:<subscriptionID>:002FresourceGroups:002F<ResourceGroupName>:002Fproviders:002FMicrosoft:002ECompute:002FvirtualMachines:002F<vmName></span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-166">**RowKey** : Follows the format <Descending time tick>:<Performance Counter Name>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-166">**RowKey** : Follows the format <Descending time tick>:<Performance Counter Name>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-167">The descending time tick calculation is max time ticks minus the time of the beginning of the aggregation period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-167">The descending time tick calculation is max time ticks minus the time of the beginning of the aggregation period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-168">E.g.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-168">E.g.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-169">if the sample period started on 10-Nov-2015 and 00:00Hrs UTC then the calculation would be: DateTime.MaxValue.Ticks - (new DateTime(2015,11,10,0,0,0,DateTimeKind.Utc).Ticks).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-169">if the sample period started on 10-Nov-2015 and 00:00Hrs UTC then the calculation would be: DateTime.MaxValue.Ticks - (new DateTime(2015,11,10,0,0,0,DateTimeKind.Utc).Ticks).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-170">For the memory available bytes performance counter the row key will look like: 2519551871999999999__:005CMemory:005CAvailable:0020Bytes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-170">For the memory available bytes performance counter the row key will look like: 2519551871999999999__:005CMemory:005CAvailable:0020Bytes</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-171">**CounterName** : Is the name of the performance counter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-171">**CounterName** : Is the name of the performance counter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="66886-172">This matches the *counterSpecifier* defined in the xml config.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-172">This matches the *counterSpecifier* defined in the xml config.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-173">**Maximum** : The maximum value of the performance counter over the aggregation period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-173">**Maximum** : The maximum value of the performance counter over the aggregation period.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-174">**Minimum** : The minimum value of the performance counter over the aggregation period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-174">**Minimum** : The minimum value of the performance counter over the aggregation period.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-175">**Total** : The sum of all values of the performance counter reported over the aggregation period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-175">**Total** : The sum of all values of the performance counter reported over the aggregation period.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-176">**Count** : The total number of values reported for the performance counter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-176">**Count** : The total number of values reported for the performance counter.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-177">**Average** : The average (total/count) value of the performance counter over the aggregation period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-177">**Average** : The average (total/count) value of the performance counter over the aggregation period.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="66886-178">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-178">Next Steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-179">For a complete sample template of a Windows virtual machine with diagnostics extension see [201-vm-monitoring-diagnostics-extension](https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates/tree/master/201-vm-monitoring-diagnostics-extension)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-179">For a complete sample template of a Windows virtual machine with diagnostics extension see [201-vm-monitoring-diagnostics-extension](https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates/tree/master/201-vm-monitoring-diagnostics-extension)</span></span>   
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-180">Deploy the resource manager template using [Azure PowerShell](ps-manage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) or [Azure Command Line](../linux/cli-deploy-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-180">Deploy the resource manager template using [Azure PowerShell](ps-manage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) or [Azure Command Line](../linux/cli-deploy-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="66886-181">Learn more about [authoring Azure Resource Manager templates](../../resource-group-authoring-templates.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="66886-181">Learn more about [authoring Azure Resource Manager templates](../../resource-group-authoring-templates.md)</span></span>

