---
title: Storage solutions for Windows VMs in Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about the key design and implementation guidelines for deploying storage solutions in Azure infrastructure services.
documentationcenter: ''
services: virtual-machines-windows
author: iainfoulds
manager: timlt
editor: ''
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: 4ceb7d32-7a0d-4004-b701-c2bbcaff6b0b
ms.service: virtual-machines-windows
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-windows
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/17/2017
ms.author: iainfou
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.openlocfilehash: 4191f31c50601906056152e0b1b55937832dc04b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553096"
---
# <a name="azure-storage-infrastructure-guidelines-for-windows-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="f50de-103">Azure storage infrastructure guidelines for Windows VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-103">Azure storage infrastructure guidelines for Windows VMs</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-intro](../../../includes/virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-intro.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-104">This article focuses on understanding storage needs and design considerations for achieving optimum virtual machine (VM) performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-104">This article focuses on understanding storage needs and design considerations for achieving optimum virtual machine (VM) performance.</span></span>

## <a name="implementation-guidelines-for-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="f50de-105">Implementation guidelines for storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-105">Implementation guidelines for storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f50de-106">Decisions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-106">Decisions:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-107">Are you going to use Azure Managed Disks or unmanaged disks?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-107">Are you going to use Azure Managed Disks or unmanaged disks?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-108">Do you need to use Standard or Premium storage for your workload?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-108">Do you need to use Standard or Premium storage for your workload?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-109">Do you need disk striping to create disks larger than 1023 GB?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-109">Do you need disk striping to create disks larger than 1023 GB?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-110">Do you need disk striping to achieve optimal I/O performance for your workload?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-110">Do you need disk striping to achieve optimal I/O performance for your workload?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-111">What set of storage accounts do you need to host your IT workload or infrastructure?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-111">What set of storage accounts do you need to host your IT workload or infrastructure?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-112">Tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-112">Tasks:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-113">Review I/O demands of the applications you are deploying and plan the appropriate number and type of storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-113">Review I/O demands of the applications you are deploying and plan the appropriate number and type of storage accounts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-114">Create the set of storage accounts using your naming convention.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-114">Create the set of storage accounts using your naming convention.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-115">You can use Azure PowerShell or the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-115">You can use Azure PowerShell or the portal.</span></span>

## <a name="storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="f50de-116">Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-116">Storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f50de-117">Azure Storage is a key part of deploying and managing virtual machines (VMs) and applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-117">Azure Storage is a key part of deploying and managing virtual machines (VMs) and applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-118">Azure Storage provides services for storing file data, unstructured data, and messages, and it is also part of the infrastructure supporting VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-118">Azure Storage provides services for storing file data, unstructured data, and messages, and it is also part of the infrastructure supporting VMs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-119">[Azure Managed Disks](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md) handles storage for you behind the scenes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-119">[Azure Managed Disks](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md) handles storage for you behind the scenes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-120">With unmanaged disks, you create storage accounts to hold the disks (VHD files) for your Azure VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-120">With unmanaged disks, you create storage accounts to hold the disks (VHD files) for your Azure VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-121">When scaling up, you must make sure you created additional storage accounts so you don’t exceed the IOPS limit for storage with any of your disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-121">When scaling up, you must make sure you created additional storage accounts so you don’t exceed the IOPS limit for storage with any of your disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-122">With Managed Disks handling storage, you are no longer limited by the storage account limits (such as 20,000 IOPS / account).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-122">With Managed Disks handling storage, you are no longer limited by the storage account limits (such as 20,000 IOPS / account).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-123">You also no longer have to copy your custom images (VHD files) to multiple storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-123">You also no longer have to copy your custom images (VHD files) to multiple storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-124">You can manage them in a central location – one storage account per Azure region – and use them to create hundreds of VMs in a subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-124">You can manage them in a central location – one storage account per Azure region – and use them to create hundreds of VMs in a subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-125">We recommend you use Managed Disks for new deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-125">We recommend you use Managed Disks for new deployments.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-126">There are two types of storage accounts available for supporting VMs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-126">There are two types of storage accounts available for supporting VMs:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-127">Standard storage accounts give you access to blob storage (used for storing Azure VM disks), table storage, queue storage, and file storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-127">Standard storage accounts give you access to blob storage (used for storing Azure VM disks), table storage, queue storage, and file storage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-128">[Premium storage](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md) accounts deliver high-performance, low-latency disk support for I/O intensive workloads, such as SQL Servers in an AlwaysOn cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-128">[Premium storage](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md) accounts deliver high-performance, low-latency disk support for I/O intensive workloads, such as SQL Servers in an AlwaysOn cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-129">Premium storage currently supports Azure VM disks only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-129">Premium storage currently supports Azure VM disks only.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-130">Azure creates VMs with an operating system disk, a temporary disk, and zero or more optional data disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-130">Azure creates VMs with an operating system disk, a temporary disk, and zero or more optional data disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-131">The operating system disk and data disks are Azure page blobs, whereas the temporary disk is stored locally on the node where the machine lives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-131">The operating system disk and data disks are Azure page blobs, whereas the temporary disk is stored locally on the node where the machine lives.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-132">Take care when designing applications to only use this temporary disk for non-persistent data as the VM may be migrated between hosts during a maintenance event.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-132">Take care when designing applications to only use this temporary disk for non-persistent data as the VM may be migrated between hosts during a maintenance event.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-133">Any data stored on the temporary disk would be lost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-133">Any data stored on the temporary disk would be lost.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-134">Durability and high availability is provided by the underlying Azure Storage environment to ensure that your data remains protected against unplanned maintenance or hardware failures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-134">Durability and high availability is provided by the underlying Azure Storage environment to ensure that your data remains protected against unplanned maintenance or hardware failures.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-135">As you design your Azure Storage environment, you can choose to replicate VM storage:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-135">As you design your Azure Storage environment, you can choose to replicate VM storage:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-136">locally within a given Azure datacenter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-136">locally within a given Azure datacenter</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-137">across Azure datacenters within a given region</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-137">across Azure datacenters within a given region</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-138">across Azure datacenters across different regions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-138">across Azure datacenters across different regions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-139">You can read [more about the replication options for high availability](../../storage/storage-introduction.md#replication-for-durability-and-high-availability).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-139">You can read [more about the replication options for high availability](../../storage/storage-introduction.md#replication-for-durability-and-high-availability).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-140">Operating system disks and data disks have a maximum size of 1023 gigabytes (GB).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-140">Operating system disks and data disks have a maximum size of 1023 gigabytes (GB).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-141">The maximum size of a blob is 1024 GB and that must contain the metadata (footer) of the VHD file (a GB is 1024<sup>3</sup> bytes).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-141">The maximum size of a blob is 1024 GB and that must contain the metadata (footer) of the VHD file (a GB is 1024<sup>3</sup> bytes).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-142">You can use Storage Spaces in Windows Server 2012 to surpass this limit by pooling together data disks to present logical volumes larger than 1023GB to your VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-142">You can use Storage Spaces in Windows Server 2012 to surpass this limit by pooling together data disks to present logical volumes larger than 1023GB to your VM.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-143">There are some scalability limits when designing your Azure Storage deployments - for more information, see [Microsoft Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints](../../azure-subscription-service-limits.md#storage-limits).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-143">There are some scalability limits when designing your Azure Storage deployments - for more information, see [Microsoft Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints](../../azure-subscription-service-limits.md#storage-limits).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-144">Also see [Azure storage scalability and performance targets](../../storage/storage-scalability-targets.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-144">Also see [Azure storage scalability and performance targets](../../storage/storage-scalability-targets.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-145">For application storage, you can store unstructured object data such as documents, images, backups, configuration data, logs, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-145">For application storage, you can store unstructured object data such as documents, images, backups, configuration data, logs, etc.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-146">using blob storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-146">using blob storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-147">Rather than your application writing to a virtual disk attached to the VM, the application can write directly to Azure blob storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-147">Rather than your application writing to a virtual disk attached to the VM, the application can write directly to Azure blob storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-148">Blob storage also provides the option of [hot and cool storage tiers](../../storage/storage-blob-storage-tiers.md) depending on your availability needs and cost constraints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-148">Blob storage also provides the option of [hot and cool storage tiers](../../storage/storage-blob-storage-tiers.md) depending on your availability needs and cost constraints.</span></span>

## <a name="striped-disks"></a><span data-ttu-id="f50de-149">Striped disks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-149">Striped disks</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f50de-150">Besides allowing you to create disks larger than 1023 GB, in many instances, using striping for data disks enhances performance by allowing multiple blobs to back the storage for a single volume.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-150">Besides allowing you to create disks larger than 1023 GB, in many instances, using striping for data disks enhances performance by allowing multiple blobs to back the storage for a single volume.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-151">With striping, the I/O required to write and read data from a single logical disk proceeds in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-151">With striping, the I/O required to write and read data from a single logical disk proceeds in parallel.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-152">Azure imposes limits on the number of data disks and amount of bandwidth available, depending on the VM size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-152">Azure imposes limits on the number of data disks and amount of bandwidth available, depending on the VM size.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-153">For details, see [Sizes for virtual machines](sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-153">For details, see [Sizes for virtual machines](sizes.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-154">If you are using disk striping for Azure data disks, consider the following guidelines:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-154">If you are using disk striping for Azure data disks, consider the following guidelines:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-155">Data disks should always be the maximum size (1023 GB).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-155">Data disks should always be the maximum size (1023 GB).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-156">Attach the maximum data disks allowed for the VM size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-156">Attach the maximum data disks allowed for the VM size.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-157">Use Storage Spaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-157">Use Storage Spaces.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f50de-158">Avoid using Azure data disk caching options (caching policy = None).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-158">Avoid using Azure data disk caching options (caching policy = None).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-159">For more information, see [Storage spaces - designing for performance](http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/15200.storage-spaces-designing-for-performance.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-159">For more information, see [Storage spaces - designing for performance](http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/15200.storage-spaces-designing-for-performance.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="multiple-storage-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="f50de-160">Multiple storage accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-160">Multiple storage accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f50de-161">This section does not apply to [Azure Managed Disks](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json), as you do not create separate storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-161">This section does not apply to [Azure Managed Disks](../../storage/storage-managed-disks-overview.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json), as you do not create separate storage accounts.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-162">When designing your Azure Storage environment for unmanaged disks, you can use multiple storage accounts as the number of VMs you deploy increases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-162">When designing your Azure Storage environment for unmanaged disks, you can use multiple storage accounts as the number of VMs you deploy increases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-163">This approach helps distribute out the I/O across the underlying Azure Storage infrastructure to maintain optimum performance for your VMs and applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-163">This approach helps distribute out the I/O across the underlying Azure Storage infrastructure to maintain optimum performance for your VMs and applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-164">As you design the applications that you are deploying, consider the I/O requirements each VM has and balance out those VMs across Azure Storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-164">As you design the applications that you are deploying, consider the I/O requirements each VM has and balance out those VMs across Azure Storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f50de-165">Try to avoid grouping all the high I/O demanding VMs in to just one or two storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-165">Try to avoid grouping all the high I/O demanding VMs in to just one or two storage accounts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f50de-166">For more information about the I/O capabilities of the different Azure Storage options and some recommend maximums, see [Azure storage scalability and performance targets](../../storage/storage-scalability-targets.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-166">For more information about the I/O capabilities of the different Azure Storage options and some recommend maximums, see [Azure storage scalability and performance targets](../../storage/storage-scalability-targets.md).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f50de-167">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f50de-167">Next steps</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-next-steps](../../../includes/virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-next-steps.md)]

