---
title: Availability sets for Windows VMs in Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about the key design and implementation guidelines for deploying Availability Sets in Azure infrastructure services.
documentationcenter: ''
services: virtual-machines-windows
author: iainfoulds
manager: timlt
editor: ''
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: f9449f58-664b-4d5d-82f6-84c5d083047f
ms.service: virtual-machines-windows
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.tgt_pltfrm: vm-windows
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/17/2017
ms.author: iainfou
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.openlocfilehash: aa572b5d55e9909294c1b5046138f78d64b82aa3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551270"
---
# <a name="azure-availability-sets-guidelines-for-windows-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="8b86a-103">Azure availability sets guidelines for Windows VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-103">Azure availability sets guidelines for Windows VMs</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-intro](../../../includes/virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-intro.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-104">This article focuses on understanding the required planning steps for availability sets to ensure your applications remains accessible during planned or unplanned events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-104">This article focuses on understanding the required planning steps for availability sets to ensure your applications remains accessible during planned or unplanned events.</span></span>

## <a name="implementation-guidelines-for-availability-sets"></a><span data-ttu-id="8b86a-105">Implementation guidelines for availability sets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-105">Implementation guidelines for availability sets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-106">Decisions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-106">Decisions:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-107">How many availability sets do you need for the various roles and tiers in your application infrastructure?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-107">How many availability sets do you need for the various roles and tiers in your application infrastructure?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-108">Tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-108">Tasks:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-109">Define the number of VMs in each application tier you require.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-109">Define the number of VMs in each application tier you require.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-110">Determine if you need to adjust the number of fault or update domains to be used for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-110">Determine if you need to adjust the number of fault or update domains to be used for your application.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-111">Define the required availability sets using your naming convention and what VMs reside in them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-111">Define the required availability sets using your naming convention and what VMs reside in them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-112">A VM can only reside in one availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-112">A VM can only reside in one availability set.</span></span> 

## <a name="availability-sets"></a><span data-ttu-id="8b86a-113">Availability sets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-113">Availability sets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-114">In Azure, virtual machines (VMs) can be placed in to a logical grouping called an availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-114">In Azure, virtual machines (VMs) can be placed in to a logical grouping called an availability set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-115">When you create VMs within an availability set, the Azure platform distributes the placement of those VMs across the underlying infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-115">When you create VMs within an availability set, the Azure platform distributes the placement of those VMs across the underlying infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-116">Should there be a planned maintenance event to the Azure platform or an underlying hardware / infrastructure fault, the use of availability sets ensures that at least one VM remains running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-116">Should there be a planned maintenance event to the Azure platform or an underlying hardware / infrastructure fault, the use of availability sets ensures that at least one VM remains running.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-117">As a best practice, applications should not reside on a single VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-117">As a best practice, applications should not reside on a single VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-118">An availability set that contains a single VM doesn't gain any protection from planned or unplanned events within the Azure platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-118">An availability set that contains a single VM doesn't gain any protection from planned or unplanned events within the Azure platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-119">The [Azure SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/virtual-machines) requires two or more VMs within an availability set to allow the distribution of VMs across the underlying infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-119">The [Azure SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/virtual-machines) requires two or more VMs within an availability set to allow the distribution of VMs across the underlying infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-120">If you are using [Azure Premium Storage](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json), the Azure SLA applies to a single VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-120">If you are using [Azure Premium Storage](../../storage/storage-premium-storage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json), the Azure SLA applies to a single VM.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-121">The underlying infrastructure in Azure is divided in to multiple hardware clusters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-121">The underlying infrastructure in Azure is divided in to multiple hardware clusters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-122">Each hardware cluster can support a range of VM sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-122">Each hardware cluster can support a range of VM sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-123">An availability set can only be hosted on a single hardware cluster at any point in time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-123">An availability set can only be hosted on a single hardware cluster at any point in time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-124">Therefore, the range of VM sizes that can exist in a single availability set is limited to the range of VM sizes supported by the hardware cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-124">Therefore, the range of VM sizes that can exist in a single availability set is limited to the range of VM sizes supported by the hardware cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-125">The hardware cluster for the availability set is selected when the first VM in the availability set is deployed or when starting the first VM in an availability set where all VMs are currently in the stopped-deallocated state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-125">The hardware cluster for the availability set is selected when the first VM in the availability set is deployed or when starting the first VM in an availability set where all VMs are currently in the stopped-deallocated state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-126">The following PowerShell command can be used to determine the range of VM sizes available for an availability set: "Get-AzureRmVMSize -ResourceGroupName \<string\> -AvailabilitySetName \<string\>"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-126">The following PowerShell command can be used to determine the range of VM sizes available for an availability set: "Get-AzureRmVMSize -ResourceGroupName \<string\> -AvailabilitySetName \<string\>"</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-127">Each hardware cluster is divided in to multiple update domains and fault domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-127">Each hardware cluster is divided in to multiple update domains and fault domains.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-128">These domains are defined by what hosts share a common update cycle, or share similar physical infrastructure such as power and networking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-128">These domains are defined by what hosts share a common update cycle, or share similar physical infrastructure such as power and networking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-129">Azure automatically distributes your VMs within an availability set across domains to maintain availability and fault tolerance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-129">Azure automatically distributes your VMs within an availability set across domains to maintain availability and fault tolerance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-130">Depending on the size of your application and the number of VMs within an availability set, you can adjust the number of domains you wish to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-130">Depending on the size of your application and the number of VMs within an availability set, you can adjust the number of domains you wish to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-131">You can read more about [managing availability and use of update and fault domains](manage-availability.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-131">You can read more about [managing availability and use of update and fault domains](manage-availability.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-132">When designing your application infrastructure, plan the application tiers that you use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-132">When designing your application infrastructure, plan the application tiers that you use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-133">Group VMs that serve the same purpose in to availability sets, such as an availability set for your front-end VMs running IIS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-133">Group VMs that serve the same purpose in to availability sets, such as an availability set for your front-end VMs running IIS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-134">Create a separate availability set for your back-end VMs running SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-134">Create a separate availability set for your back-end VMs running SQL Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-135">The goal is to ensure that each component of your application is protected by an availability set and at least once instance always remains running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-135">The goal is to ensure that each component of your application is protected by an availability set and at least once instance always remains running.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-136">Load balancers can be utilized in front of each application tier to work alongside an availability set and ensure traffic can always be routed to a running instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-136">Load balancers can be utilized in front of each application tier to work alongside an availability set and ensure traffic can always be routed to a running instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-137">Without a load balancer, your VMs may continue running throughout planned and unplanned maintenance events, but your end user may not be able to resolve them if the primary VM is unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-137">Without a load balancer, your VMs may continue running throughout planned and unplanned maintenance events, but your end user may not be able to resolve them if the primary VM is unavailable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8b86a-138">Design your application for high availability at storage layer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-138">Design your application for high availability at storage layer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-139">The best practice is to [use Managed Disks for VMs in an Availability Set](../windows/manage-availability.md#use-managed-disks-for-vms-in-availability-set).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-139">The best practice is to [use Managed Disks for VMs in an Availability Set](../windows/manage-availability.md#use-managed-disks-for-vms-in-availability-set).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8b86a-140">If you are currently using unmanaged disks, we highly recommend you to [convert VMs in Availability Set to use Managed Disks](../windows/convert-unmanaged-to-managed-disks.md#convert-vms-in-an-availability-set-to-managed-disks-in-a-managed-availability-set).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-140">If you are currently using unmanaged disks, we highly recommend you to [convert VMs in Availability Set to use Managed Disks](../windows/convert-unmanaged-to-managed-disks.md#convert-vms-in-an-availability-set-to-managed-disks-in-a-managed-availability-set).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="8b86a-141">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8b86a-141">Next steps</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-next-steps](../../../includes/virtual-machines-windows-infrastructure-guidelines-next-steps.md)]

