---
title: Create multiple virtual machines | Microsoft Docs
description: Options for creating multiple virtual machines on Windows
services: virtual-machines-windows
documentationcenter: ''
author: gbowerman
manager: timlt
editor: ''
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: dfc1d1bb-a47d-4d7c-9fd2-f12050baacab
ms.service: virtual-machines-windows
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/25/2016
ms.author: guybo
ms.openlocfilehash: 5e96805f8880a30a5fc8779d8f07addb6d068c09
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551836"
---
# <a name="create-multiple-azure-virtual-machines"></a><span data-ttu-id="f052c-103">Create multiple Azure virtual machines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-103">Create multiple Azure virtual machines</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f052c-104">There are many scenarios where you need to create a large number of similar virtual machines (VMs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-104">There are many scenarios where you need to create a large number of similar virtual machines (VMs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-105">Some examples include high-performance computing (HPC), large-scale data analysis, scalable and often stateless middle-tier or backend servers (such as webservers), and distributed databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-105">Some examples include high-performance computing (HPC), large-scale data analysis, scalable and often stateless middle-tier or backend servers (such as webservers), and distributed databases.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f052c-106">This article discusses the available options to create multiple VMs in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-106">This article discusses the available options to create multiple VMs in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-107">These options go beyond the simple cases where you manually create a series of VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-107">These options go beyond the simple cases where you manually create a series of VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-108">To create many VMs, the processes that you typically use don't scale well if you need to create more than a handful of VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-108">To create many VMs, the processes that you typically use don't scale well if you need to create more than a handful of VMs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f052c-109">One way to create many similar VMs is to use the Azure Resource Manager construct of *resource loops*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-109">One way to create many similar VMs is to use the Azure Resource Manager construct of *resource loops*.</span></span>

## <a name="resource-loops"></a><span data-ttu-id="f052c-110">Resource loops</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-110">Resource loops</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f052c-111">Resource loops are a syntactical shorthand in Azure Resource Manager templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-111">Resource loops are a syntactical shorthand in Azure Resource Manager templates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-112">Resource loops can create a set of similarly configured resources in a loop.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-112">Resource loops can create a set of similarly configured resources in a loop.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-113">You can use resource loops to create multiple storage accounts, network interfaces, or virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-113">You can use resource loops to create multiple storage accounts, network interfaces, or virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-114">For more information about resource loops, refer to [Create VMs in availability sets using resource loops](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/templates/201-vm-copy-index-loops/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-114">For more information about resource loops, refer to [Create VMs in availability sets using resource loops](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/templates/201-vm-copy-index-loops/).</span></span>

## <a name="challenges-of-scale"></a><span data-ttu-id="f052c-115">Challenges of scale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-115">Challenges of scale</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f052c-116">Although resource loops make it easier to build out a cloud infrastructure at scale and produce more concise templates, certain challenges remain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-116">Although resource loops make it easier to build out a cloud infrastructure at scale and produce more concise templates, certain challenges remain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-117">For example, if you use a resource loop to create 100 virtual machines, you need to correlate network interface controllers (NICs) with corresponding VMs and storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-117">For example, if you use a resource loop to create 100 virtual machines, you need to correlate network interface controllers (NICs) with corresponding VMs and storage accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-118">Because the number of VMs is likely to be different from the number of storage accounts, you'll have to deal with different resource loop sizes, too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-118">Because the number of VMs is likely to be different from the number of storage accounts, you'll have to deal with different resource loop sizes, too.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-119">These are solvable problems, but the complexity increases significantly with scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-119">These are solvable problems, but the complexity increases significantly with scale.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f052c-120">Another challenge occurs when you need an infrastructure that scales elastically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-120">Another challenge occurs when you need an infrastructure that scales elastically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-121">For example, you might want an autoscale infrastructure that automatically increases or decreases the number of VMs in response to workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-121">For example, you might want an autoscale infrastructure that automatically increases or decreases the number of VMs in response to workload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-122">VMs don't provide an integrated mechanism to vary in number (scale out and scale in).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-122">VMs don't provide an integrated mechanism to vary in number (scale out and scale in).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-123">If you scale in by removing VMs, it's difficult to guarantee high availability by making sure that VMs are balanced across update and fault domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-123">If you scale in by removing VMs, it's difficult to guarantee high availability by making sure that VMs are balanced across update and fault domains.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f052c-124">Finally, when you use a resource loop, multiple calls to create resources go to the underlying fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-124">Finally, when you use a resource loop, multiple calls to create resources go to the underlying fabric.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-125">When multiple calls create similar resources, Azure has an implicit opportunity to improve upon this design and optimize deployment reliability and performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-125">When multiple calls create similar resources, Azure has an implicit opportunity to improve upon this design and optimize deployment reliability and performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-126">This is where *virtual machine scale sets* come in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-126">This is where *virtual machine scale sets* come in.</span></span>

## <a name="virtual-machine-scale-sets"></a><span data-ttu-id="f052c-127">Virtual machine scale sets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-127">Virtual machine scale sets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f052c-128">Virtual machine scale sets are an Azure Compute resource to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-128">Virtual machine scale sets are an Azure Compute resource to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-129">With all VMs configured the same, VM scale sets are easy to scale in and scale out. You simply change the number of VMs in the set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-129">With all VMs configured the same, VM scale sets are easy to scale in and scale out. You simply change the number of VMs in the set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-130">You can also configure VM scale sets to autoscale based on the demands of the workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-130">You can also configure VM scale sets to autoscale based on the demands of the workload.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f052c-131">For applications that need to scale Compute resources out and in, scale operations are implicitly balanced across fault and update domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-131">For applications that need to scale Compute resources out and in, scale operations are implicitly balanced across fault and update domains.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f052c-132">Instead of correlating multiple resources such as NICs and VMs, a VM scale set has network, storage, virtual machine, and extension properties that you can configure centrally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-132">Instead of correlating multiple resources such as NICs and VMs, a VM scale set has network, storage, virtual machine, and extension properties that you can configure centrally.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f052c-133">For an introduction to VM scale sets, refer to the [Virtual machine scale sets product page](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machine-scale-sets/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-133">For an introduction to VM scale sets, refer to the [Virtual machine scale sets product page](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machine-scale-sets/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f052c-134">For more detailed information, go to the [Virtual machines scale sets documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/virtual-machine-scale-sets/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f052c-134">For more detailed information, go to the [Virtual machines scale sets documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/virtual-machine-scale-sets/).</span></span>

