---
title: Approach and process for adopting Azure Data Catalog | Microsoft Docs
description: This article presents an approach and process for organizations considering adopting Azure Data Catalog, including defining a vision, identifying key business use cases, and choosing a pilot project.
services: data-catalog
documentationcenter: ''
author: steelanddata
manager: NA
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: 0c771e7a-6fcd-417f-9247-897177719567
ms.service: data-catalog
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: hero-article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-catalog
ms.date: 01/23/2017
ms.author: maroche
ms.openlocfilehash: 646a7611f5680a4c08e9a5f5ff4e2a3e5631276f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44563784"
---
# <a name="approach-and-process-for-adopting-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-103">Approach and process for adopting Azure Data Catalog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-103">Approach and process for adopting Azure Data Catalog</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-104">This article helps you get started adopting **Azure Data Catalog** in your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-104">This article helps you get started adopting **Azure Data Catalog** in your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-105">To successfully adopt **Azure Data Catalog**, you focus on three key items: define your vision, identify key business use cases within your organization, and choose a pilot project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-105">To successfully adopt **Azure Data Catalog**, you focus on three key items: define your vision, identify key business use cases within your organization, and choose a pilot project.</span></span>

## <a name="introducing-the-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-106">Introducing the Azure Data Catalog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-106">Introducing the Azure Data Catalog</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-107">Within the world of work, people's expectations of how they should be able to find expert information about data assets have changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-107">Within the world of work, people's expectations of how they should be able to find expert information about data assets have changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-108">Today, with the widespread workplace use of social media tools such as Yammer, people expect to be able to quickly get assistance and advice on a wide range of topics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-108">Today, with the widespread workplace use of social media tools such as Yammer, people expect to be able to quickly get assistance and advice on a wide range of topics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-109">**Azure Data Catalog** helps businesses and teams consolidate information about enterprise data assets in a central repository where data consumers can discover available data sources and gain knowledge contributed by subject matter experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-109">**Azure Data Catalog** helps businesses and teams consolidate information about enterprise data assets in a central repository where data consumers can discover available data sources and gain knowledge contributed by subject matter experts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-110">This article presents an approach to getting started using **Azure Data Catalog**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-110">This article presents an approach to getting started using **Azure Data Catalog**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-111">The article describes a typical Data Catalog adoption plan for the fictitious company called Adventure Works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-111">The article describes a typical Data Catalog adoption plan for the fictitious company called Adventure Works.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-112">**What is Azure Data Catalog?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-112">**What is Azure Data Catalog?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-113">**Azure Data Catalog** is a fully managed service in Azure and an enterprise-wide information (metadata) catalog that enables self-service data source discovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-113">**Azure Data Catalog** is a fully managed service in Azure and an enterprise-wide information (metadata) catalog that enables self-service data source discovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-114">With Data Catalog, you register, discover, annotate, and connect to data assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-114">With Data Catalog, you register, discover, annotate, and connect to data assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-115">Data Catalog is designed to manage disparate information assets to make them easy to find, enabling users to understand the data assets they find, and to connect to these data assets, reducing time to insight and increasing the value organizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-115">Data Catalog is designed to manage disparate information assets to make them easy to find, enabling users to understand the data assets they find, and to connect to these data assets, reducing time to insight and increasing the value organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-116">To learn more, see [Microsoft Azure Data Catalog](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/data-catalog/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-116">To learn more, see [Microsoft Azure Data Catalog](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/data-catalog/).</span></span>

## <a name="azure-data-catalog-adoption-plan"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-117">Azure Data Catalog Adoption Plan</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-117">Azure Data Catalog Adoption Plan</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-118">An **Azure Data Catalog** adoption plan describes how the benefits of using the Data Catalog service are communicated to stakeholders and users, and what kind of training you provide to users of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-118">An **Azure Data Catalog** adoption plan describes how the benefits of using the Data Catalog service are communicated to stakeholders and users, and what kind of training you provide to users of the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-119">One key success driver to adopt Data Catalog is how effectively you communicate the value of the service to users and stakeholders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-119">One key success driver to adopt Data Catalog is how effectively you communicate the value of the service to users and stakeholders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-120">The primary audiences in an initial adoption plan are the users of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-120">The primary audiences in an initial adoption plan are the users of the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-121">No matter how much buy-in you get from stakeholders, if the users, or customers, of your Data Catalog offering do not incorporate it into their usage, the adoption will not be successful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-121">No matter how much buy-in you get from stakeholders, if the users, or customers, of your Data Catalog offering do not incorporate it into their usage, the adoption will not be successful.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-122">Therefore, this article assumes you have stakeholder buy-in, and focuses on creating a plan for user adoption of Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-122">Therefore, this article assumes you have stakeholder buy-in, and focuses on creating a plan for user adoption of Data Catalog.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-123">An effective adoption plan successfully engages people in what is possible with Data Catalog and gives them the information and guidance to achieve it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-123">An effective adoption plan successfully engages people in what is possible with Data Catalog and gives them the information and guidance to achieve it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-124">Users need to understand the value that Data Catalog provides to help them succeed in their jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-124">Users need to understand the value that Data Catalog provides to help them succeed in their jobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-125">When people see how Data Catalog can help them achieve more results with data, the value of adopting Data Catalog becomes clear.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-125">When people see how Data Catalog can help them achieve more results with data, the value of adopting Data Catalog becomes clear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-126">Change is hard, so an effective plan needs to take the challenges of change into account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-126">Change is hard, so an effective plan needs to take the challenges of change into account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-127">An adoption plan helps you communicate what is critical for people to succeed and achieve their goals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-127">An adoption plan helps you communicate what is critical for people to succeed and achieve their goals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-128">A typical plan explains how Data Catalog is going to make users' lives easier, and includes the following parts:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-128">A typical plan explains how Data Catalog is going to make users' lives easier, and includes the following parts:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-129">**Vision Statement** - This helps you concisely discuss the adoption plan with users, and stakeholders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-129">**Vision Statement** - This helps you concisely discuss the adoption plan with users, and stakeholders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-130">It's your elevator pitch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-130">It's your elevator pitch.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-131">**Pilot team and Influencers** - Learning from a pilot team and influencers help you refine how to introduce teams and users to Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-131">**Pilot team and Influencers** - Learning from a pilot team and influencers help you refine how to introduce teams and users to Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-132">Influencers can peer coach fellow users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-132">Influencers can peer coach fellow users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-133">It also helps you identify blockers and drivers to adoption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-133">It also helps you identify blockers and drivers to adoption.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-134">**Plan for Communications and Buzz** - This helps users to understand how Data Catalog can help them, and can foster organic adoption within teams, and ultimately the entire organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-134">**Plan for Communications and Buzz** - This helps users to understand how Data Catalog can help them, and can foster organic adoption within teams, and ultimately the entire organization.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-135">**Training Plan** - Comprehensive training generally leads to adoption success and favorable results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-135">**Training Plan** - Comprehensive training generally leads to adoption success and favorable results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-136">Here are some tips to define an **Azure Data Catalog** adoption plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-136">Here are some tips to define an **Azure Data Catalog** adoption plan.</span></span>

## <a name="define-your-data-catalog-project-vision"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-137">Define your Data Catalog project vision</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-137">Define your Data Catalog project vision</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-138">The first step to define an **Azure Data Catalog** adoption plan is to write an aspirational description of what you are trying to accomplish.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-138">The first step to define an **Azure Data Catalog** adoption plan is to write an aspirational description of what you are trying to accomplish.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-139">It's best to keep the vision statement fairly broad, yet concise enough to define specific short-term and long-term goals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-139">It's best to keep the vision statement fairly broad, yet concise enough to define specific short-term and long-term goals.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-140">Here are some tips to help you define you vision:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-140">Here are some tips to help you define you vision:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-141">**Identify the key deployment driver** - Think about the specific data source management needs from the business that can be addressed with Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-141">**Identify the key deployment driver** - Think about the specific data source management needs from the business that can be addressed with Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-142">This also helps you state the top advantages of using Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-142">This also helps you state the top advantages of using Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-143">For example, there may be common data sources that all new employees need to learn about and use, or important and complex data sources that only a few key people deeply understand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-143">For example, there may be common data sources that all new employees need to learn about and use, or important and complex data sources that only a few key people deeply understand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-144">**Azure Data Catalog** can help make these data sources easy to discover and understand, so that these well-known pain points can be addressed directly and early in the adoption of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-144">**Azure Data Catalog** can help make these data sources easy to discover and understand, so that these well-known pain points can be addressed directly and early in the adoption of the service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-145">**Be crisp and clear** - A clear understanding of the vision gets everyone on the same page about the value Data Catalog brings to the organization, and how the vision supports organizational goals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-145">**Be crisp and clear** - A clear understanding of the vision gets everyone on the same page about the value Data Catalog brings to the organization, and how the vision supports organizational goals.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-146">**Inspire people to want to use Data Catalog** - Your vision, and communication plan should inspire folks to recognize that Data Catalog can benefit them to find and connect to data sources to achieve more with data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-146">**Inspire people to want to use Data Catalog** - Your vision, and communication plan should inspire folks to recognize that Data Catalog can benefit them to find and connect to data sources to achieve more with data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-147">**Specify goals and timeline** - This ensures your adoption plan has specific, achievable deliverables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-147">**Specify goals and timeline** - This ensures your adoption plan has specific, achievable deliverables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-148">A timeline keeps everyone focused, and allows for checkpoints to measure success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-148">A timeline keeps everyone focused, and allows for checkpoints to measure success.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-149">Here is an example vision statement for a Data Catalog adoption plan for the fictitious company called Adventure Works:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-149">Here is an example vision statement for a Data Catalog adoption plan for the fictitious company called Adventure Works:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-150">**Azure Data Catalog** empowers the Adventure Works Finance team to collaborate on key data sources, so every team member can easily find and use the data she needs and can share her knowledge with the team as a whole.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-150">**Azure Data Catalog** empowers the Adventure Works Finance team to collaborate on key data sources, so every team member can easily find and use the data she needs and can share her knowledge with the team as a whole.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-151">Once you have a crisp vision statement, you should identify a suitable pilot project for Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-151">Once you have a crisp vision statement, you should identify a suitable pilot project for Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-152">Generally, there are several scenarios for Data Catalog, so the next section provides some tips to identify relevant uses cases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-152">Generally, there are several scenarios for Data Catalog, so the next section provides some tips to identify relevant uses cases.</span></span>

## <a name="identify-data-catalog-business-use-cases"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-153">Identify Data Catalog business use cases</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-153">Identify Data Catalog business use cases</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-154">To identify use cases that are relevant to Data Catalog, engage with experts from various business units to identify relevant use cases and business issues to solve.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-154">To identify use cases that are relevant to Data Catalog, engage with experts from various business units to identify relevant use cases and business issues to solve.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-155">Review existing challenges people have identifying and understanding data assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-155">Review existing challenges people have identifying and understanding data assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-156">For example, do teams learn about data assets only after asking several people in the organization who has relevant data sources?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-156">For example, do teams learn about data assets only after asking several people in the organization who has relevant data sources?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-157">It is best to choose use cases that represent low hanging fruit: cases that are important yet have a high likelihood of success if solved with Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-157">It is best to choose use cases that represent low hanging fruit: cases that are important yet have a high likelihood of success if solved with Data Catalog.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-158">Here are some tips to identify use cases:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-158">Here are some tips to identify use cases:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-159">**Define the goals of the team** - How does the team achieve their goals?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-159">**Define the goals of the team** - How does the team achieve their goals?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-160">Don't focus on Data Catalog yet since you want to be objective at this stage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-160">Don't focus on Data Catalog yet since you want to be objective at this stage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-161">Remember it's about the business results, not about the technology.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-161">Remember it's about the business results, not about the technology.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-162">**Define the business problem** - What are the issues faced by the team regarding finding and learning about data assets?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-162">**Define the business problem** - What are the issues faced by the team regarding finding and learning about data assets?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-163">For example, information about important data sources may be found in Excel workbooks in a network folder, and the team may spend a lot of time locating the workbooks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-163">For example, information about important data sources may be found in Excel workbooks in a network folder, and the team may spend a lot of time locating the workbooks.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-164">**Understand team culture related to change** - Many adoption challenges relate to resistance to change rather than the implementation of a new tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-164">**Understand team culture related to change** - Many adoption challenges relate to resistance to change rather than the implementation of a new tool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-165">How a team responds to change is important when identifying use cases since the existing process could be in place because "this is how we've always done it" or "if it ain't broke, why fix it?".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-165">How a team responds to change is important when identifying use cases since the existing process could be in place because "this is how we've always done it" or "if it ain't broke, why fix it?".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-166">Adopting any new tool or process is always easiest when the people affected understand the value to be realized from the change, and appreciate the importance of the problems to be solved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-166">Adopting any new tool or process is always easiest when the people affected understand the value to be realized from the change, and appreciate the importance of the problems to be solved.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-167">**Keep focus related to data assets** - When discussing the business problems a team faces, you need to "cut through the weeds", and focus on what's relevant to leveraging enterprise data assets more effectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-167">**Keep focus related to data assets** - When discussing the business problems a team faces, you need to "cut through the weeds", and focus on what's relevant to leveraging enterprise data assets more effectivity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-168">Here are some example use cases related to Data Catalog:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-168">Here are some example use cases related to Data Catalog:</span></span>

### <a name="example-use-cases"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-169">Example use cases</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-169">Example use cases</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-170">**Register central high-value data sources** - IT manages data sources used across the organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-170">**Register central high-value data sources** - IT manages data sources used across the organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-171">IT can get started with Data Catalog by registering and annotating common enterprise data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-171">IT can get started with Data Catalog by registering and annotating common enterprise data sources.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-172">**Register team-based data sources** - Different teams have useful, line-of-business data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-172">**Register team-based data sources** - Different teams have useful, line-of-business data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-173">Get started with **Azure Data Catalog** by identifying and registering key data sources used by many different teams, and capture the team's tribal knowledge in **Azure Data Catalog** annotations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-173">Get started with **Azure Data Catalog** by identifying and registering key data sources used by many different teams, and capture the team's tribal knowledge in **Azure Data Catalog** annotations.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-174">**Self-service business intelligence** - Teams spend a lot of time combining data from multiple sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-174">**Self-service business intelligence** - Teams spend a lot of time combining data from multiple sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-175">Register and annotate data sources in a central location to eliminate a manual data source discovery process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-175">Register and annotate data sources in a central location to eliminate a manual data source discovery process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-176">These are just a few use cases for **Azure Data Catalog**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-176">These are just a few use cases for **Azure Data Catalog**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-177">To read more about Data Catalog scenarios, see [Azure Data Catalog common scenarios](data-catalog-common-scenarios.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-177">To read more about Data Catalog scenarios, see [Azure Data Catalog common scenarios](data-catalog-common-scenarios.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-178">Once you identify some use cases for Data Catalog, common scenarios should emerge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-178">Once you identify some use cases for Data Catalog, common scenarios should emerge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-179">The next section discusses how to identify your first pilot project based on a use case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-179">The next section discusses how to identify your first pilot project based on a use case.</span></span>

## <a name="choose-a-data-catalog-pilot-project"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-180">Choose a Data Catalog pilot project</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-180">Choose a Data Catalog pilot project</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-181">A key success factor is to simplify, and start small.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-181">A key success factor is to simplify, and start small.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-182">A well-defined pilot with a constrained scope helps keep the project moving forward without getting bogged down with a project that is too complex, or which has too many participants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-182">A well-defined pilot with a constrained scope helps keep the project moving forward without getting bogged down with a project that is too complex, or which has too many participants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-183">But it is also important to include a mix of users, from early adopters to skeptics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-183">But it is also important to include a mix of users, from early adopters to skeptics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-184">Users who embrace the solution help you refine your future communication and buzz plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-184">Users who embrace the solution help you refine your future communication and buzz plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-185">Skeptics help you identify and address blocking issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-185">Skeptics help you identify and address blocking issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-186">As skeptics become champions, you can use their feedback to identify success drivers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-186">As skeptics become champions, you can use their feedback to identify success drivers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-187">Your pilot plan should phase in business goals that you want to achieve with Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-187">Your pilot plan should phase in business goals that you want to achieve with Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-188">As you learn from the initial pilot, you can expand your user base.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-188">As you learn from the initial pilot, you can expand your user base.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-189">An initial closed pilot is good to establish measurable success, but the ultimate goal is for organic or viral growth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-189">An initial closed pilot is good to establish measurable success, but the ultimate goal is for organic or viral growth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-190">With organic growth of Data Catalog, users are in control of their own data usage, and can influence and encourage others to adopt and contribute to the catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-190">With organic growth of Data Catalog, users are in control of their own data usage, and can influence and encourage others to adopt and contribute to the catalog.</span></span>

### <a name="target-the-right-team"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-191">Target the right team</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-191">Target the right team</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-192">When you choose your pilot project, select a team with the most appealing scenarios that solves an existing business problem.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-192">When you choose your pilot project, select a team with the most appealing scenarios that solves an existing business problem.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-193">For example, a business analyst creates reports from a SQL Server database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-193">For example, a business analyst creates reports from a SQL Server database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-194">The problem is that she became aware of the data source only after talking to several colleagues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-194">The problem is that she became aware of the data source only after talking to several colleagues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-195">Finally, after wasting time trying to find which data sources to use, she found out about an Excel workbook which contains a description of each data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-195">Finally, after wasting time trying to find which data sources to use, she found out about an Excel workbook which contains a description of each data source.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-196">Although the Excel workbook adequately describes the tables that she needs, she would have quickly found these data sources if they were registered and annotated in **Azure Data Catalog**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-196">Although the Excel workbook adequately describes the tables that she needs, she would have quickly found these data sources if they were registered and annotated in **Azure Data Catalog**.</span></span>

### <a name="identify-data-heroes"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-197">Identify data heroes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-197">Identify data heroes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-198">Your first pilot project should have a few individuals who produce data and consume data so that the team has balanced representation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-198">Your first pilot project should have a few individuals who produce data and consume data so that the team has balanced representation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-199">**Data Producers** are people with expertise about data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-199">**Data Producers** are people with expertise about data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-200">For example, David in another team has worked extensively with key Adventure Works data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-200">For example, David in another team has worked extensively with key Adventure Works data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-201">Prior to the adoption of **Azure Data Catalog**, David has created an Excel workbook to capture information about Adventure Works data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-201">Prior to the adoption of **Azure Data Catalog**, David has created an Excel workbook to capture information about Adventure Works data sources.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-202">**Data Consumers** are people with expertise on the use of the data to solve business problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-202">**Data Consumers** are people with expertise on the use of the data to solve business problems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-203">For example, Nancy is a business analyst uses Adventure Works SQL Server data sources to analyze data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-203">For example, Nancy is a business analyst uses Adventure Works SQL Server data sources to analyze data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-204">One of the business problems that **Azure Data Catalog** solves is to connect **Data Producers** to **Data Consumers**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-204">One of the business problems that **Azure Data Catalog** solves is to connect **Data Producers** to **Data Consumers**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-205">It does this by serving as a central repository for information about enterprise data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-205">It does this by serving as a central repository for information about enterprise data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-206">Using Data Catalog, David registers Adventure Works and SQL Server data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-206">Using Data Catalog, David registers Adventure Works and SQL Server data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-207">Using crowdsourcing any user who discovers this data source can share her opinions on the data, in addition to using the data she has discovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-207">Using crowdsourcing any user who discovers this data source can share her opinions on the data, in addition to using the data she has discovered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-208">For example, Nancy discovers the data sources by searching the catalog, and shares her specialized knowledge about the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-208">For example, Nancy discovers the data sources by searching the catalog, and shares her specialized knowledge about the data.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-209">Now, others in the organization benefit from shared knowledge by simply searching the data catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-209">Now, others in the organization benefit from shared knowledge by simply searching the data catalog.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-210">To learn more about registering data sources, see [Register data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-210">To learn more about registering data sources, see [Register data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-211">To learn more about discovering data sources, see [Search data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-211">To learn more about discovering data sources, see [Search data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span></span>

### <a name="start-small-and-focused"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-212">Start small and focused</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-212">Start small and focused</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-213">For most enterprise pilot projects, you should seed the catalog with high-value data sources so that business users can quickly see the value of Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-213">For most enterprise pilot projects, you should seed the catalog with high-value data sources so that business users can quickly see the value of Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-214">IT is a good place to start identifying common data sources that would be of interest to your pilot team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-214">IT is a good place to start identifying common data sources that would be of interest to your pilot team.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-215">For supported data sources, such as SQL Server, we recommend using the **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-215">For supported data sources, such as SQL Server, we recommend using the **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-216">With the data source registration tool, you can register a wide range of data sources including SQL Server and Oracle databases, and SQL Server Reporting Services reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-216">With the data source registration tool, you can register a wide range of data sources including SQL Server and Oracle databases, and SQL Server Reporting Services reports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-217">For a complete list of current data sources, see [Azure Data Catalog supported data sources](data-catalog-dsr.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-217">For a complete list of current data sources, see [Azure Data Catalog supported data sources](data-catalog-dsr.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-218">Once you have identified and registered key data sources, it is possible to also import data source descriptions stored in other locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-218">Once you have identified and registered key data sources, it is possible to also import data source descriptions stored in other locations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-219">The Data Catalog API allows developers to load descriptions and annotations from another location, such as the Excel Workbook that David created and maintains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-219">The Data Catalog API allows developers to load descriptions and annotations from another location, such as the Excel Workbook that David created and maintains.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-220">The next section describes an example project from the Adventure Works company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-220">The next section describes an example project from the Adventure Works company.</span></span>

### <a name="an-example-project"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-221">An example project</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-221">An example project</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-222">For this example, Nancy the Business Analyst, creates reports for her team, using data from a SQL Server database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-222">For this example, Nancy the Business Analyst, creates reports for her team, using data from a SQL Server database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-223">The problem is that she became aware of the data source only after talking to several colleagues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-223">The problem is that she became aware of the data source only after talking to several colleagues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-224">She would have quickly found these data sources if they were registered and annotated in a central location such as **Azure Data Catalog**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-224">She would have quickly found these data sources if they were registered and annotated in a central location such as **Azure Data Catalog**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-225">To illustrate how easily Nancy and her team can find high-value data sources, you use the data source registration tool to populate the Catalog with information (metadata) about the data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-225">To illustrate how easily Nancy and her team can find high-value data sources, you use the data source registration tool to populate the Catalog with information (metadata) about the data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-226">This way the information about the database is available to the team and the enterprise, not just a few individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-226">This way the information about the database is available to the team and the enterprise, not just a few individuals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-227">Once data sources are registered in Data Catalog, Nancy and her team can easily use them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-227">Once data sources are registered in Data Catalog, Nancy and her team can easily use them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-228">The result is a more comprehensive and relevant data catalog for her team and the enterprise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-228">The result is a more comprehensive and relevant data catalog for her team and the enterprise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-229">As more and more teams adopt Data Catalog, business data sources become easier to find and use; thus, enabling a more data-centric culture to achieve more with your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-229">As more and more teams adopt Data Catalog, business data sources become easier to find and use; thus, enabling a more data-centric culture to achieve more with your data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-230">To learn more about the data source registration tool, see [Get started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-230">To learn more about the data source registration tool, see [Get started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-231">As part of the pilot project, Nancy's team also uses data sources which are described in an Excel workbook that David and is colleagues maintain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-231">As part of the pilot project, Nancy's team also uses data sources which are described in an Excel workbook that David and is colleagues maintain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-232">Since other teams in the enterprise also use Excel workbooks to describe data sources, the IT team decides to create a tool to migrate the Excel workbook to Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-232">Since other teams in the enterprise also use Excel workbooks to describe data sources, the IT team decides to create a tool to migrate the Excel workbook to Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-233">By using the Data Catalog REST API to import existing annotations, the pilot project team can have a complete data catalog consisting of metadata extracted from the data sources using the data source registration tool, complete with information previously documented by data producers and consumers, without the need for manual re-entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-233">By using the Data Catalog REST API to import existing annotations, the pilot project team can have a complete data catalog consisting of metadata extracted from the data sources using the data source registration tool, complete with information previously documented by data producers and consumers, without the need for manual re-entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-234">As the enterprise data catalog grows, the organization can use the data source registration tool for common data sources, and the Data Catalog API for custom sources and uncommon scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-234">As the enterprise data catalog grows, the organization can use the data source registration tool for common data sources, and the Data Catalog API for custom sources and uncommon scenarios.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-235">We wrote a sample tool that uses the **Azure Data Catalog** API to migrate an Excel workbook to Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-235">We wrote a sample tool that uses the **Azure Data Catalog** API to migrate an Excel workbook to Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-236">To learn more about the Data Catalog API and the sample tool, you can [Download the Ad Hoc workbook code sample](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/samples/data-catalog-dotnet-excel-register-data-assets/), and check out the [Azure Data Catalog REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt267593.aspx) documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-236">To learn more about the Data Catalog API and the sample tool, you can [Download the Ad Hoc workbook code sample](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/samples/data-catalog-dotnet-excel-register-data-assets/), and check out the [Azure Data Catalog REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt267593.aspx) documentation.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-237">After the pilot project is in place, it's time to execute your Data Catalog adoption plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-237">After the pilot project is in place, it's time to execute your Data Catalog adoption plan.</span></span>

### <a name="execute"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-238">Execute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-238">Execute</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-239">At this point you have identified use cases for Data Catalog, and you have identified your first project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-239">At this point you have identified use cases for Data Catalog, and you have identified your first project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-240">In addition, you have registered the key Adventure Works data sources and have added information from the existing Excel workbook using the tool that IT built.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-240">In addition, you have registered the key Adventure Works data sources and have added information from the existing Excel workbook using the tool that IT built.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-241">Now it's time to work with the pilot team to start the Data Catalog adoption process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-241">Now it's time to work with the pilot team to start the Data Catalog adoption process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-242">Here are some tips to get you started:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-242">Here are some tips to get you started:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-243">**Create excitement** - Business users will be excited if they believe that **Azure Data Catalog** makes their lives easier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-243">**Create excitement** - Business users will be excited if they believe that **Azure Data Catalog** makes their lives easier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-244">Try to make the conversation around the solution and the benefits it provides, not the technology.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-244">Try to make the conversation around the solution and the benefits it provides, not the technology.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-245">**Facilitate change** - Start small and communicate the plan to business users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-245">**Facilitate change** - Start small and communicate the plan to business users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-246">To be successful, it's crucial to involve users from the beginning so that they influence the outcome and develop a sense of ownership about the solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-246">To be successful, it's crucial to involve users from the beginning so that they influence the outcome and develop a sense of ownership about the solution.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-247">**Groom early adopters** - Early adopters are business users that are passionate about what they do, and excited to evangelize the benefits of **Azure Data Catalog** to their peers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-247">**Groom early adopters** - Early adopters are business users that are passionate about what they do, and excited to evangelize the benefits of **Azure Data Catalog** to their peers.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-248">**Target training** - Business users do not need to know everything about Data Catalog, so target training to address specific team goals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-248">**Target training** - Business users do not need to know everything about Data Catalog, so target training to address specific team goals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-249">Focus on what users will do, and how some of their tasks might change, to incorporate **Azure Data Catalog** into their daily routine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-249">Focus on what users will do, and how some of their tasks might change, to incorporate **Azure Data Catalog** into their daily routine.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-250">**Be willing to fail** - If the pilot isn't achieving the desired results, re-evaluate and identify areas to change - fix problems in the pilot before moving on to a larger scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-250">**Be willing to fail** - If the pilot isn't achieving the desired results, re-evaluate and identify areas to change - fix problems in the pilot before moving on to a larger scope.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-251">Before your pilot team jumps into using Data Catalog, schedule a kick-off meeting to discuss expectations for the pilot project, and provide initial training.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-251">Before your pilot team jumps into using Data Catalog, schedule a kick-off meeting to discuss expectations for the pilot project, and provide initial training.</span></span>

### <a name="set-expectations"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-252">Set expectations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-252">Set expectations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-253">Setting exceptions and goals helps business users focus on specific deliverables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-253">Setting exceptions and goals helps business users focus on specific deliverables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-254">To keep the project on track, assign regular (perhaps daily or weekly based on the scope and duration of the pilot) homework assignments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-254">To keep the project on track, assign regular (perhaps daily or weekly based on the scope and duration of the pilot) homework assignments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-255">One of the most valuable capabilities of Data Catalog is crowdsourcing data assets so that business users can benefit from knowledge of enterprise data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-255">One of the most valuable capabilities of Data Catalog is crowdsourcing data assets so that business users can benefit from knowledge of enterprise data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-256">A great homework assignment is for each pilot team member to register or annotate at least one data source they have used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-256">A great homework assignment is for each pilot team member to register or annotate at least one data source they have used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-257">See [Register a data source](data-catalog-get-started.md) and [How to annotate data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-257">See [Register a data source](data-catalog-get-started.md) and [How to annotate data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-258">Meet with the team on a regular schedule to review some of the annotations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-258">Meet with the team on a regular schedule to review some of the annotations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-259">Good annotations about data sources are at the heart of a successful Data Catalog adoption because they provide meaningful data source insights in a central location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-259">Good annotations about data sources are at the heart of a successful Data Catalog adoption because they provide meaningful data source insights in a central location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-260">Without good annotations, knowledge about data sources remains scattered throughout the enterprise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-260">Without good annotations, knowledge about data sources remains scattered throughout the enterprise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-261">See [How to annotate data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-261">See [How to annotate data sources](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-262">And, of course, the ultimate test of the project is whether users can discover and understand the data sources they need to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-262">And, of course, the ultimate test of the project is whether users can discover and understand the data sources they need to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-263">Pilot users should regularly test the catalog to ensure that the data sources they use for their day to day work are relevant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-263">Pilot users should regularly test the catalog to ensure that the data sources they use for their day to day work are relevant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-264">When a required data source is missing or not properly annotated, this should serve as a reminder to register additional data sources or to provide additional annotations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-264">When a required data source is missing or not properly annotated, this should serve as a reminder to register additional data sources or to provide additional annotations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-265">This practice does not only add value to the pilot effort, it also builds effective habits that carry over to other teams after the pilot is complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-265">This practice does not only add value to the pilot effort, it also builds effective habits that carry over to other teams after the pilot is complete.</span></span>

### <a name="provide-training"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-266">Provide training</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-266">Provide training</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-267">Training should be just enough to get the users started, and tailored to the specific goals and experience level of the pilot team members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-267">Training should be just enough to get the users started, and tailored to the specific goals and experience level of the pilot team members.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-268">To get started with training, you can follow the steps in the [Get started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-268">To get started with training, you can follow the steps in the [Get started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-269">In addition, you can download the [Azure Data Catalog Pilot Project Training presentation](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/data-catalog-dotnet-get-started/blob/master/Azure%20Data%20Catalog%20Training.pptx?raw=true).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-269">In addition, you can download the [Azure Data Catalog Pilot Project Training presentation](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/data-catalog-dotnet-get-started/blob/master/Azure%20Data%20Catalog%20Training.pptx?raw=true).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-270">This PowerPoint presentation should help you get started introducing Data Catalog to your pilot team members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-270">This PowerPoint presentation should help you get started introducing Data Catalog to your pilot team members.</span></span>

## <a name="conclusion"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-271">Conclusion</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-271">Conclusion</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-272">Once your pilot team is running fairly smoothly and you have achieved your initial goals, you should expand Data Catalog adoption to more teams.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-272">Once your pilot team is running fairly smoothly and you have achieved your initial goals, you should expand Data Catalog adoption to more teams.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-273">Apply and refine what you learned from your pilot project to expand Data Catalog throughout your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-273">Apply and refine what you learned from your pilot project to expand Data Catalog throughout your organization.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-274">The early adopters who participated in the pilot can be very helpful to get the word out about the benefits of adopting Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-274">The early adopters who participated in the pilot can be very helpful to get the word out about the benefits of adopting Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-275">They can share with other teams how Data Catalog helped their team solve business problems, discover data sources more easily, and share insights about the data sources they use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-275">They can share with other teams how Data Catalog helped their team solve business problems, discover data sources more easily, and share insights about the data sources they use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-276">For example, early adopters on the Adventure Works pilot team could show others how easy it is to find information about Adventure Works data assets that were once hard to find and understand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-276">For example, early adopters on the Adventure Works pilot team could show others how easy it is to find information about Adventure Works data assets that were once hard to find and understand.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-277">This article was about getting started with **Azure Data Catalog** in your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-277">This article was about getting started with **Azure Data Catalog** in your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="86ad0-278">We hope you were able to start a Data Catalog pilot project, and expand Data Catalog throughout your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-278">We hope you were able to start a Data Catalog pilot project, and expand Data Catalog throughout your organization.</span></span>

## <a name="more-information-about-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="86ad0-279">More information about Azure Data Catalog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-279">More information about Azure Data Catalog</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-280">Azure Data Catalog product page</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-280">Azure Data Catalog product page</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/data-catalog/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-281">Azure Data Catalog documentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-281">Azure Data Catalog documentation</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/data-catalog/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-282">Azure Data Catalog common scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-282">Azure Data Catalog common scenarios</span></span>](data-catalog-common-scenarios.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-283">Register data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-283">Register data sources</span></span>](data-catalog-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-284">Search data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-284">Search data sources</span></span>](data-catalog-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-285">Annotate data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-285">Annotate data sources</span></span>](data-catalog-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="86ad0-286">Crowdsourcing metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="86ad0-286">Crowdsourcing metadata</span></span>](data-catalog-get-started.md)
