---
title: Azure Data Catalog terminology | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides an introduction to concepts and terms used in Azure Data Catalog documentation.
services: data-catalog
documentationcenter: ''
author: steelanddata
manager: NA
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: 6fec74d9-4a3c-4b4b-88ba-cad5ad143331
ms.service: data-catalog
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-catalog
ms.date: 01/23/2017
ms.author: maroche
ms.openlocfilehash: 95b5cc82e824b4dca75e438f51c8a77da54be389
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554926"
---
# <a name="azure-data-catalog-terminology"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-103">Azure Data Catalog terminology</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-103">Azure Data Catalog terminology</span></span>
## <a name="catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-104">Catalog</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-104">Catalog</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-105">The Azure Data Catalog is a cloud-based metadata repository in which data sources and data assets can be registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-105">The Azure Data Catalog is a cloud-based metadata repository in which data sources and data assets can be registered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-106">The catalog serves as a central storage location for structural metadata extracted from data sources and for descriptive metadata added by users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-106">The catalog serves as a central storage location for structural metadata extracted from data sources and for descriptive metadata added by users.</span></span>

## <a name="data-source"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-107">Data source</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-107">Data source</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-108">A data source is a system or container that manages data assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-108">A data source is a system or container that manages data assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-109">Examples include SQL Server databases, Oracle databases, SQL Server Analysis Services databases (tabular or multidimensional) and SQL Server Reporting Services servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-109">Examples include SQL Server databases, Oracle databases, SQL Server Analysis Services databases (tabular or multidimensional) and SQL Server Reporting Services servers.</span></span>

## <a name="data-asset"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-110">Data asset</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-110">Data asset</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-111">Data assets are objects contained within data sources that can be registered with the catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-111">Data assets are objects contained within data sources that can be registered with the catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-112">Examples include SQL Server tables and views, Oracle tables and views, SQL Server Analysis Services measures, dimensions and KPIs, and SQL Server Reporting Services reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-112">Examples include SQL Server tables and views, Oracle tables and views, SQL Server Analysis Services measures, dimensions and KPIs, and SQL Server Reporting Services reports.</span></span>

## <a name="data-asset-location"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-113">Data asset location</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-113">Data asset location</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-114">The catalog stores the location of a data source or data asset, which can be used to connect to the source using a client application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-114">The catalog stores the location of a data source or data asset, which can be used to connect to the source using a client application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-115">The format and details of the location vary based on the data source type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-115">The format and details of the location vary based on the data source type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-116">For example, a SQL Server table can be identified by its four part name – server name, database name, schema name, object name – while a SQL Server Reporting Services Report can be identified by its URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-116">For example, a SQL Server table can be identified by its four part name – server name, database name, schema name, object name – while a SQL Server Reporting Services Report can be identified by its URL.</span></span>

## <a name="structural-metadata"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-117">Structural metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-117">Structural metadata</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-118">Structural metadata is the metadata extracted from a data source that describes the structure of a data asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-118">Structural metadata is the metadata extracted from a data source that describes the structure of a data asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-119">This includes the assets location, its object name and type, and additional type-specific characteristics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-119">This includes the assets location, its object name and type, and additional type-specific characteristics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-120">For example, the structural metadata for tables and views includes the names and data types for the object’s columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-120">For example, the structural metadata for tables and views includes the names and data types for the object’s columns.</span></span>

## <a name="descriptive-metadata"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-121">Descriptive metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-121">Descriptive metadata</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-122">Descriptive metadata is metadata that describes the purpose or intent of a data asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-122">Descriptive metadata is metadata that describes the purpose or intent of a data asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-123">Typically descriptive metadata is added by catalog users using the Azure Data Catalog portal, but it can also be extracted from the data source during registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-123">Typically descriptive metadata is added by catalog users using the Azure Data Catalog portal, but it can also be extracted from the data source during registration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-124">For example, the Azure Data Catalog registration tool will extract descriptions from the Description property in SQL Server Analysis Services and SQL Server Reporting Services, and from the [ms_description extended property](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ms190243.aspx) in SQL Server databases, if these properties have been populated with values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-124">For example, the Azure Data Catalog registration tool will extract descriptions from the Description property in SQL Server Analysis Services and SQL Server Reporting Services, and from the [ms_description extended property](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ms190243.aspx) in SQL Server databases, if these properties have been populated with values.</span></span>

## <a name="request-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-125">Request access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-125">Request access</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-126">A data asset's descriptive metadata can include information on how to request access to the data asset or data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-126">A data asset's descriptive metadata can include information on how to request access to the data asset or data source.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-127">This information is presented with the data asset location, and can include one or more of the following options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-127">This information is presented with the data asset location, and can include one or more of the following options:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-128">The email address of the user or team responsible for granting access to the data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-128">The email address of the user or team responsible for granting access to the data source.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-129">The URL of the documented process that users must follow to gain access to the data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-129">The URL of the documented process that users must follow to gain access to the data source.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-130">The URL of an identity and access management tool (such as Microsoft Identity Manager) that can be used to gain access to the data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-130">The URL of an identity and access management tool (such as Microsoft Identity Manager) that can be used to gain access to the data source.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-131">A free-text entry that describes how users can gain access to the data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-131">A free-text entry that describes how users can gain access to the data source.</span></span>

## <a name="preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-132">Preview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-132">Preview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-133">A preview in Azure Data Catalog is a snapshot of up to 20 records that can be extracted from the data source during registration, and stored in the catalog with the data asset metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-133">A preview in Azure Data Catalog is a snapshot of up to 20 records that can be extracted from the data source during registration, and stored in the catalog with the data asset metadata.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-134">The preview can help users who discover a data asset better understand its function and purpose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-134">The preview can help users who discover a data asset better understand its function and purpose.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-135">In other words, seeing sample data can be more valuable than seeing just the column names and data types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-135">In other words, seeing sample data can be more valuable than seeing just the column names and data types.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-136">Previews are only supported for tables and views, and must be explicitly selected by the user during registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-136">Previews are only supported for tables and views, and must be explicitly selected by the user during registration.</span></span>

## <a name="data-profile"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-137">Data Profile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-137">Data Profile</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-138">A data profile in Azure Data Catalog is a snapshot of table-level and column-level metadata about a registered data asset that can be extracted from the data source during registration, and stored in the catalog with the data asset metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-138">A data profile in Azure Data Catalog is a snapshot of table-level and column-level metadata about a registered data asset that can be extracted from the data source during registration, and stored in the catalog with the data asset metadata.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-139">The data profile can help users who discover a data asset better understand its function and purpose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-139">The data profile can help users who discover a data asset better understand its function and purpose.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-140">Similar to previews, data profiles must be explicitly selected by the user during registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-140">Similar to previews, data profiles must be explicitly selected by the user during registration.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-141">Extracting a data profile can be a costly operation for large tables and views, and may significantly increase the time required to register a data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-141">Extracting a data profile can be a costly operation for large tables and views, and may significantly increase the time required to register a data source.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="user-perspective"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-142">User perspective</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-142">User perspective</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-143">In Azure Data Catalog, any user can provide descriptive metadata for a registered data asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-143">In Azure Data Catalog, any user can provide descriptive metadata for a registered data asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-144">Each user has a distinct perspective on the data and its use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-144">Each user has a distinct perspective on the data and its use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-145">For example, the administrator responsible for a server may provide the details of its service level agreement (SLA) or backup windows; a data steward may provide links to documentation for the business processes the data supports; and an analyst may provide a description in the terms that are most relevant to other analysts, and which can be most valuable to those users who need to discover and understand the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-145">For example, the administrator responsible for a server may provide the details of its service level agreement (SLA) or backup windows; a data steward may provide links to documentation for the business processes the data supports; and an analyst may provide a description in the terms that are most relevant to other analysts, and which can be most valuable to those users who need to discover and understand the data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-146">Each of these perspectives are inherently valuable, and with Azure Data Catalog each user can provide the information that is meaningful to them, while all users can use that information to understand the data and its purpose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-146">Each of these perspectives are inherently valuable, and with Azure Data Catalog each user can provide the information that is meaningful to them, while all users can use that information to understand the data and its purpose.</span></span>

## <a name="expert"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-147">Expert</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-147">Expert</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-148">An expert is a user who has been identified as having an informed “expert” perspective for a data asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-148">An expert is a user who has been identified as having an informed “expert” perspective for a data asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-149">Any user can add themselves or another user as an expert for an asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-149">Any user can add themselves or another user as an expert for an asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-150">Being listed as an expert does not convey any additional privileges in Azure Data Catalog; it allows users to easily locate those perspectives that are most likely to be useful when reviewing an asset’s descriptive metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-150">Being listed as an expert does not convey any additional privileges in Azure Data Catalog; it allows users to easily locate those perspectives that are most likely to be useful when reviewing an asset’s descriptive metadata.</span></span>

## <a name="owner"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-151">Owner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-151">Owner</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-152">An owner is a user who has additional privileges for managing a data asset in Azure Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-152">An owner is a user who has additional privileges for managing a data asset in Azure Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-153">Users can take ownership of registered data assets, and owners can add other users as co-owners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-153">Users can take ownership of registered data assets, and owners can add other users as co-owners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-154">For more information see  [How to manage data assets](data-catalog-how-to-manage.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-154">For more information see  [How to manage data assets](data-catalog-how-to-manage.md)</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-155">Ownership and management are available only in the Standard Edition of Azure Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-155">Ownership and management are available only in the Standard Edition of Azure Data Catalog.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="registration"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-156">Registration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-156">Registration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-157">Registration is the act of extracting data asset metadata from a data source and copying it to the Azure Data Catalog service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-157">Registration is the act of extracting data asset metadata from a data source and copying it to the Azure Data Catalog service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-158">Data assets that have been registered can then be annotated and discovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-158">Data assets that have been registered can then be annotated and discovered.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-159">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-159">See also</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-160">What is Azure Data Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-160">What is Azure Data Catalog?</span></span>](data-catalog-what-is-data-catalog.md) <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-161">- This article provides an overview of the Azure Data Catalog service, the value it provides, and the scenarios it supports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-161">- This article provides an overview of the Azure Data Catalog service, the value it provides, and the scenarios it supports.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8e1bd-162">[Get started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) - This article provides an end-to-end tutorial that shows you how to use Azure Data Catalog for data source discovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8e1bd-162">[Get started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) - This article provides an end-to-end tutorial that shows you how to use Azure Data Catalog for data source discovery.</span></span>  
