---
title: Azure Data Catalog frequently asked questions | Microsoft Docs
description: Frequently asked questions about Azure Data Catalog, including capabilities for data source discovery, annotation, and management.
services: data-catalog
documentationcenter: ''
author: steelanddata
manager: NA
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: 5c7e209a-458c-4bb4-96bb-7ed178f9528a
ms.service: data-catalog
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-catalog
ms.date: 01/23/2017
ms.author: maroche
ms.openlocfilehash: 1640d89235dc307338cd21cda8416fb54e5b7c15
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44564095"
---
# <a name="azure-data-catalog-frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-103">Azure Data Catalog frequently asked questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-103">Azure Data Catalog frequently asked questions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-104">This article provides answers for frequently asked questions related to the Microsoft **Azure Data Catalog** service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-104">This article provides answers for frequently asked questions related to the Microsoft **Azure Data Catalog** service.</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-is-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-105">Q: What is Azure Data Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-105">Q: What is Azure Data Catalog?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-106">A: Microsoft Azure Data Catalog is a fully managed service hosted in the Microsoft Azure cloud that serves as a system of registration and system of discovery for enterprise data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-106">A: Microsoft Azure Data Catalog is a fully managed service hosted in the Microsoft Azure cloud that serves as a system of registration and system of discovery for enterprise data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-107">Azure Data Catalog provides capabilities that enable any user – from analysts to data scientists to developers – to register, discover, understand, and consume data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-107">Azure Data Catalog provides capabilities that enable any user – from analysts to data scientists to developers – to register, discover, understand, and consume data sources.</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-customer-challenges-does-azure-data-catalog-solve"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-108">Q: What customer challenges does Azure Data Catalog solve?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-108">Q: What customer challenges does Azure Data Catalog solve?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-109">Azure Data Catalog addresses the challenge of data source discovery and “dark data” by allowing users to discover and understand enterprise data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-109">Azure Data Catalog addresses the challenge of data source discovery and “dark data” by allowing users to discover and understand enterprise data sources.</span></span>

## <a name="q-who-are-the-target-audiences-for-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-110">Q: Who are the target audiences for Azure Data Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-110">Q: Who are the target audiences for Azure Data Catalog?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-111">Azure Data Catalog provides capabilities for technical and non-technical users, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-111">Azure Data Catalog provides capabilities for technical and non-technical users, including:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-112">Data Developers, BI and Analytics Professionals: Who are responsible for producing data and analytics content for others to consume</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-112">Data Developers, BI and Analytics Professionals: Who are responsible for producing data and analytics content for others to consume</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-113">Data Stewards: Those who have the knowledge about the data, what it means and how it is intended to be used and for which purpose</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-113">Data Stewards: Those who have the knowledge about the data, what it means and how it is intended to be used and for which purpose</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-114">Data Consumers: Those who need to be able to easily discover, understand and connect to data needed to do their job using the tool of their choice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-114">Data Consumers: Those who need to be able to easily discover, understand and connect to data needed to do their job using the tool of their choice</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-115">Central IT: Those who need to make hundreds of data sources discoverable for the business users, and who need to maintain oversight over how data is being used and by whom</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-115">Central IT: Those who need to make hundreds of data sources discoverable for the business users, and who need to maintain oversight over how data is being used and by whom</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-is-the-azure-data-catalog-region-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-116">Q: What is the Azure Data Catalog region availability?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-116">Q: What is the Azure Data Catalog region availability?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-117">Azure Data Catalog services are currently available in the following data centers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-117">Azure Data Catalog services are currently available in the following data centers:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-118">West US</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-118">West US</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-119">East US</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-119">East US</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-120">West Europe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-120">West Europe</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-121">North Europe</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-121">North Europe</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-122">Australia East</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-122">Australia East</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-123">Southeast Asia</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-123">Southeast Asia</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-are-the-limits-on-the-number-of-data-assets-in-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-124">Q: What are the limits on the number of data assets in Azure Data Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-124">Q: What are the limits on the number of data assets in Azure Data Catalog?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-125">The Free Edition of Azure Data Catalog is limited to 5,000 registered data assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-125">The Free Edition of Azure Data Catalog is limited to 5,000 registered data assets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f8587-126">The Standard Edition of Azure Data Catalog supports up to 100,000 registered data assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-126">The Standard Edition of Azure Data Catalog supports up to 100,000 registered data assets.</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-are-the-supported-data-source-and-asset-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-127">Q: What are the supported data source and asset types?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-127">Q: What are the supported data source and asset types?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-128">Please refer to [Data Catalog DSR](data-catalog-dsr.md) for the list of currently supported data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-128">Please refer to [Data Catalog DSR](data-catalog-dsr.md) for the list of currently supported data sources.</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-request-support-for-another-data-source"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-129">Q: How do I request support for another data source?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-129">Q: How do I request support for another data source?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-130">Feature requests and other feedback can be submitted in the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-130">Feature requests and other feedback can be submitted in the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-get-started-with-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-131">Q: How do I get started with Azure Data Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-131">Q: How do I get started with Azure Data Catalog?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-132">The best place to get started is by following the instructions in [Getting Started with Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-132">The best place to get started is by following the instructions in [Getting Started with Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-133">This article is an end-to-end overview of the capabilities in the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-133">This article is an end-to-end overview of the capabilities in the service.</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-register-my-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-134">Q: How do I register my data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-134">Q: How do I register my data?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-135">To register your data in Azure Data Catalog, launch the Azure Data Catalog registration tool from the “Publish” area of the Azure Data Catalog portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-135">To register your data in Azure Data Catalog, launch the Azure Data Catalog registration tool from the “Publish” area of the Azure Data Catalog portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-136">In the Azure Data Catalog publishing application, log in using the same credentials you use to access the Azure Data Catalog portal, and then select the data source and the specific assets you wish to register.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-136">In the Azure Data Catalog publishing application, log in using the same credentials you use to access the Azure Data Catalog portal, and then select the data source and the specific assets you wish to register.</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-properties-are-extracted-for-data-assets-that-are-registered"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-137">Q: What properties are extracted for data assets that are registered?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-137">Q: What properties are extracted for data assets that are registered?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-138">The specific properties will differ from data source to data source, but in general the Azure Data Catalog publishing service will extract the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-138">The specific properties will differ from data source to data source, but in general the Azure Data Catalog publishing service will extract the following information:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-139">Asset Name</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-139">Asset Name</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-140">Asset Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-140">Asset Type</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-141">Asset Description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-141">Asset Description</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-142">Attribute/Column Names</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-142">Attribute/Column Names</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-143">Attribute/Column Data Types</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-143">Attribute/Column Data Types</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f8587-144">Attribute/Column Description</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-144">Attribute/Column Description</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-145">Registering data assets with Azure Data Catalog does not move or copy your data to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-145">Registering data assets with Azure Data Catalog does not move or copy your data to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-146">Registering assets from a data source will copy the assets’ metadata to Azure, but the data remains in the existing data source location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-146">Registering assets from a data source will copy the assets’ metadata to Azure, but the data remains in the existing data source location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-147">The only exception to this rule is if a user chooses to upload preview records or a data profile when registering assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-147">The only exception to this rule is if a user chooses to upload preview records or a data profile when registering assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-148">When including a preview, up to 20 records will be copied from each asset, and are stored as a snapshot in Azure Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-148">When including a preview, up to 20 records will be copied from each asset, and are stored as a snapshot in Azure Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-149">When including a data profile, aggregate information (such as the size of tables, the percentage null values per column, and the minimum, maximum and average values for columns) will be calculated and included in the metadata stored in the catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-149">When including a data profile, aggregate information (such as the size of tables, the percentage null values per column, and the minimum, maximum and average values for columns) will be calculated and included in the metadata stored in the catalog.</span></span>
>
>

<br/>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-150">For data sources such as SQL Server Analysis Services that have a first-class **Description** property, the Azure Data Catalog publishing application will extract that property value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-150">For data sources such as SQL Server Analysis Services that have a first-class **Description** property, the Azure Data Catalog publishing application will extract that property value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-151">For SQL Server relational databases, which lack a first-class **Description** property, the Azure Data Catalog publishing application will extract the value from the ms_description extended property for objects and columns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-151">For SQL Server relational databases, which lack a first-class **Description** property, the Azure Data Catalog publishing application will extract the value from the ms_description extended property for objects and columns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-152">For more information, see TechNet [Using Extended Properties on Database Objects](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ms190243%28v=sql.105%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-152">For more information, see TechNet [Using Extended Properties on Database Objects](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ms190243%28v=sql.105%29.aspx).</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="q-how-long-should-it-take-for-newly-registered-assets-to-appear-in-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-153">Q: How long should it take for newly registered assets to appear in Azure Data Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-153">Q: How long should it take for newly registered assets to appear in Azure Data Catalog?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-154">After you register assets with Azure Data Catalog there may be a period of 5-10 seconds before they appear in the Azure Data Catalog portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-154">After you register assets with Azure Data Catalog there may be a period of 5-10 seconds before they appear in the Azure Data Catalog portal.</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-annotate-and-enrich-the-metadata-for-my-registered-data-assets"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-155">Q: How do I annotate and enrich the metadata for my registered data assets?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-155">Q: How do I annotate and enrich the metadata for my registered data assets?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-156">The simplest way to provide metadata for registered assets is to select the asset in the Azure Data Catalog portal and then enter the metadata values in the properties pane or schema pane for the selected object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-156">The simplest way to provide metadata for registered assets is to select the asset in the Azure Data Catalog portal and then enter the metadata values in the properties pane or schema pane for the selected object.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f8587-157">You can also provide some metadata, such as experts and tags, during the registration process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-157">You can also provide some metadata, such as experts and tags, during the registration process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-158">The values provided in the Azure Data Catalog publishing service will apply to all assets being registered at that time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-158">The values provided in the Azure Data Catalog publishing service will apply to all assets being registered at that time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-159">To view the recently-registered objects in the portal for additional annotation, select the **View Portal** button on the final screen of the Azure Data Catalog publishing application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-159">To view the recently-registered objects in the portal for additional annotation, select the **View Portal** button on the final screen of the Azure Data Catalog publishing application.</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-delete-my-registered-data-objects"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-160">Q: How do I delete my registered data objects?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-160">Q: How do I delete my registered data objects?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-161">You can delete an object from Azure Data Catalog by selecting the object in the portal, and then clicking the **Delete** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-161">You can delete an object from Azure Data Catalog by selecting the object in the portal, and then clicking the **Delete** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-162">This will remove the metadata for the object from Azure Data Catalog but will not affect the actual underlying data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-162">This will remove the metadata for the object from Azure Data Catalog but will not affect the actual underlying data source.</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-is-an-expert"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-163">Q: What is an expert?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-163">Q: What is an expert?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-164">An expert is a person who has an informed perspective about a data object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-164">An expert is a person who has an informed perspective about a data object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-165">An object can have multiple experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-165">An object can have multiple experts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-166">An expert does not need to be the “owner” for an object; the expert is simply someone who knows how the data can and should be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-166">An expert does not need to be the “owner” for an object; the expert is simply someone who knows how the data can and should be used.</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-share-information-with-the-azure-data-catalog-team-if-i-encounter-problems"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-167">Q: How do I share information with the Azure Data Catalog team if I encounter problems?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-167">Q: How do I share information with the Azure Data Catalog team if I encounter problems?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-168">Please use the Azure Data Catalog forum to report problems, share information, and ask questions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-168">Please use the Azure Data Catalog forum to report problems, share information, and ask questions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-169">The forum can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-169">The forum can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409</span></span>

## <a name="q-does-azure-data-catalog-work-with-this-other-data-source-im-interested-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-170">Q: Does Azure Data Catalog work with this other data source I’m interested in?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-170">Q: Does Azure Data Catalog work with this other data source I’m interested in?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-171">We’re actively working on adding more data sources to Azure Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-171">We’re actively working on adding more data sources to Azure Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-172">If there is a data source that you would like to see supported, please suggest it (or voice your support if it has already been suggested) in the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-172">If there is a data source that you would like to see supported, please suggest it (or voice your support if it has already been suggested) in the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-is-azure-data-catalog-related-to-the-data-catalog-in-power-bi-for-office-365"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-173">Q: How is Azure Data Catalog related to the Data Catalog in Power BI for Office 365?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-173">Q: How is Azure Data Catalog related to the Data Catalog in Power BI for Office 365?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-174">You can think of Azure Data Catalog as an evolution of the Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-174">You can think of Azure Data Catalog as an evolution of the Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-175">Azure Data Catalog delivers similar capabilities for data source publishing and discovery, but is focused on broader scenarios and not dependent on Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-175">Azure Data Catalog delivers similar capabilities for data source publishing and discovery, but is focused on broader scenarios and not dependent on Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-176">Shortly after the Azure Data Catalog becomes generally available the two catalogs will merge into a single service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-176">Shortly after the Azure Data Catalog becomes generally available the two catalogs will merge into a single service.</span></span>

## <a name="q-what-permissions-does-a-user-need-to-register-assets-with-azure-data-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-177">Q: What permissions does a user need to register assets with Azure Data Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-177">Q: What permissions does a user need to register assets with Azure Data Catalog?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-178">The user running the Azure Data Catalog registration tool needs permissions on the data source that will allow him to read the metadata from the source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-178">The user running the Azure Data Catalog registration tool needs permissions on the data source that will allow him to read the metadata from the source.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-179">If the user also selects to include a preview, then the user must also have permissions that allow him to read in the data from the objects being registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-179">If the user also selects to include a preview, then the user must also have permissions that allow him to read in the data from the objects being registered.</span></span>

## <a name="q-will-azure-data-catalog-be-made-available-for-on-premises-deployment-as-well"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-180">Q: Will Azure Data Catalog be made available for on-premises deployment as well?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-180">Q: Will Azure Data Catalog be made available for on-premises deployment as well?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-181">Azure Data Catalog is a cloud service that can work with both cloud and on-premises data sources, delivering a hybrid data source discovery solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-181">Azure Data Catalog is a cloud service that can work with both cloud and on-premises data sources, delivering a hybrid data source discovery solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-182">There are currently no plans for a version of the Azure Data Catalog service that will run on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-182">There are currently no plans for a version of the Azure Data Catalog service that will run on-premises.</span></span>

## <a name="q-can-we-extract-more--richer-metadata-from-the-data-sources-we-register"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-183">Q: Can we extract more / richer metadata from the data sources we register?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-183">Q: Can we extract more / richer metadata from the data sources we register?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-184">We’re actively working to expand the capabilities of Azure Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-184">We’re actively working to expand the capabilities of Azure Data Catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-185">If there is additional metadata that you would like to see extracted from the data source during registration, please suggest it (or vote for it if it has already been suggested) in the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-185">If there is additional metadata that you would like to see extracted from the data source during registration, please suggest it (or vote for it if it has already been suggested) in the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-186">In the future we will allow third parties to add new data source types through an extensibility API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-186">In the future we will allow third parties to add new data source types through an extensibility API.</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-restrict-the-visibility-of-registered-data-assets-so-that-only-certain-people-can-discover-them"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-187">Q: How do I restrict the visibility of registered data assets, so that only certain people can discover them?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-187">Q: How do I restrict the visibility of registered data assets, so that only certain people can discover them?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-188">A: Select the data assets in the Azure Data Catalog, and click the “Take Ownership” button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-188">A: Select the data assets in the Azure Data Catalog, and click the “Take Ownership” button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-189">Owners of data assets in Azure Data Catalog can change the visibility settings, to either allow all Catalog users to discover the owned assets, or to restrict the visibility to specific users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-189">Owners of data assets in Azure Data Catalog can change the visibility settings, to either allow all Catalog users to discover the owned assets, or to restrict the visibility to specific users.</span></span>

## <a name="q-how-do-i-update-the-registration-for-a-data-asset-to-that-changes-in-the-data-source-are-reflected-in-the-catalog"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-190">Q: How do I update the registration for a data asset to that changes in the data source are reflected in the Catalog?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-190">Q: How do I update the registration for a data asset to that changes in the data source are reflected in the Catalog?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-191">A: To update the metadata for data assets that are already registered in the Catalog, simply re-register the data source that contains the assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-191">A: To update the metadata for data assets that are already registered in the Catalog, simply re-register the data source that contains the assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-192">Any changes in the data source, such as columns being added or removed from tables or views, will be updated in the Catalog, but any annotations provided by users will be maintained.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-192">Any changes in the data source, such as columns being added or removed from tables or views, will be updated in the Catalog, but any annotations provided by users will be maintained.</span></span>

## <a name="q-my-question-isnt-answered-here--what-should-i-do"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8587-193">Q: My question isn’t answered here – what should I do?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-193">Q: My question isn’t answered here – what should I do?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8587-194">Head on over to the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-194">Head on over to the [Azure Data Catalog forum](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=616424&clcid=0x409).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8587-195">Questions asked there will find their way here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8587-195">Questions asked there will find their way here.</span></span>
