---
title: Azure Data Catalog common scenarios | Microsoft Docs
description: An overview of common scenarios for Azure Data Catalog, including the registration and discovery of high-value data sources, enabling self-service business intelligence, and capturing existing tribal knowledge about data sources and processes.
services: data-catalog
documentationcenter: ''
author: steelanddata
manager: NA
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: 60930d78-d2d4-4d5d-9651-bdda50b0da0e
ms.service: data-catalog
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-catalog
ms.date: 01/23/2017
ms.author: maroche
ms.openlocfilehash: 7191986bf293ed696fa38131de294d258e87cea8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44662703"
---
# <a name="azure-data-catalog-common-scenarios"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-103">Azure Data Catalog common scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-103">Azure Data Catalog common scenarios</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-104">This article presents common scenarios where Azure Data Catalog can help organizations get more value from their existing data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-104">This article presents common scenarios where Azure Data Catalog can help organizations get more value from their existing data sources.</span></span>

## <a name="scenario-1---registration-of-central-data-sources"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-105">Scenario #1 - Registration of central data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-105">Scenario #1 - Registration of central data sources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-106">Organizations often have a number of high-value data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-106">Organizations often have a number of high-value data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-107">These data sources include line of business OLTP systems, data warehouses, and business intelligence / analytics databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-107">These data sources include line of business OLTP systems, data warehouses, and business intelligence / analytics databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-108">Often the number of systems, and the overlap between systems, grows over time as the needs of the business evolve, and as the business itself evolves through mergers and acquisitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-108">Often the number of systems, and the overlap between systems, grows over time as the needs of the business evolve, and as the business itself evolves through mergers and acquisitions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-109">Often it is difficult for users to know where to locate the data within these data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-109">Often it is difficult for users to know where to locate the data within these data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-110">Questions like these are all too common:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-110">Questions like these are all too common:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-111">Of the three HR systems used within the company, which should I use to create this type of report?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-111">Of the three HR systems used within the company, which should I use to create this type of report?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-112">Where should I go to get the certified sales numbers for the fiscal year that just ended?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-112">Where should I go to get the certified sales numbers for the fiscal year that just ended?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-113">Who should I ask, or what is the process I should use to get access to the data warehouse?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-113">Who should I ask, or what is the process I should use to get access to the data warehouse?</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-114">I don’t know if these numbers are right – who can I ask for insight on how this data is supposed to be used before I share this dashboard with my team?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-114">I don’t know if these numbers are right – who can I ask for insight on how this data is supposed to be used before I share this dashboard with my team?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-115">In this scenario, Azure Data Catalog can help.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-115">In this scenario, Azure Data Catalog can help.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-116">The central, high-value, IT-managed data sources that are used across the organization are often the logical starting point for populating the catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-116">The central, high-value, IT-managed data sources that are used across the organization are often the logical starting point for populating the catalog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-117">Although any user can register a data source, having the catalog kick-started with the data sources that are most likely to provide value to the largest number of users will help drive adoption and use of the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-117">Although any user can register a data source, having the catalog kick-started with the data sources that are most likely to provide value to the largest number of users will help drive adoption and use of the system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-118">For customers getting started with Azure Data Catalog, identifying and registering the key data sources used by many different teams of data consumers can be the first step to success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-118">For customers getting started with Azure Data Catalog, identifying and registering the key data sources used by many different teams of data consumers can be the first step to success.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-119">This scenario also presents an opportunity to annotate the high-value data sources to make them easier to understand and access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-119">This scenario also presents an opportunity to annotate the high-value data sources to make them easier to understand and access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-120">One key aspect of this effort is to include information on how users can request access to the data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-120">One key aspect of this effort is to include information on how users can request access to the data source.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-121">Azure Data Catalog allows users to provide the email address of the user or team responsible for controlling data source access, links to existing tools or documentation, or free text that describes the access request process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-121">Azure Data Catalog allows users to provide the email address of the user or team responsible for controlling data source access, links to existing tools or documentation, or free text that describes the access request process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-122">With this information included in the catalog, users who discover registered data sources but who do not yet have permissions to access the data can easily request access using the processes defined and controlled by the data source owners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-122">With this information included in the catalog, users who discover registered data sources but who do not yet have permissions to access the data can easily request access using the processes defined and controlled by the data source owners.</span></span>

## <a name="scenario-2---self-service-business-intelligence"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-123">Scenario #2 - Self-service business intelligence</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-123">Scenario #2 - Self-service business intelligence</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-124">Although traditional corporate business intelligence solutions continue to be an invaluable part of many organizations’ data landscapes, the changing pace of business has made self-service BI more and more important.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-124">Although traditional corporate business intelligence solutions continue to be an invaluable part of many organizations’ data landscapes, the changing pace of business has made self-service BI more and more important.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-125">Self-service BI allows information workers and analysts to create their own reports, workbooks, and dashboards without relying on a central IT team – or being restricted by that IT team’s schedule and availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-125">Self-service BI allows information workers and analysts to create their own reports, workbooks, and dashboards without relying on a central IT team – or being restricted by that IT team’s schedule and availability.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-126">In self-service BI scenarios, it is common for users to combine data from multiple sources, many of which may not have previously been used for BI and analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-126">In self-service BI scenarios, it is common for users to combine data from multiple sources, many of which may not have previously been used for BI and analysis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-127">Although some of these data sources may already be known, there is frequently a process to discover what must take place to locate and evaluate potential data sources for a given task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-127">Although some of these data sources may already be known, there is frequently a process to discover what must take place to locate and evaluate potential data sources for a given task.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-128">Traditionally, this discovery process is a manual one: analysts will use their peer network connections to identify other people who work with the data being sought.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-128">Traditionally, this discovery process is a manual one: analysts will use their peer network connections to identify other people who work with the data being sought.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-129">Once a data source is found it can be used, but the process repeats itself again for each subsequent self-service BI effort, with multiple users performing the same redundant manual process of discovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-129">Once a data source is found it can be used, but the process repeats itself again for each subsequent self-service BI effort, with multiple users performing the same redundant manual process of discovery.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-130">With Azure Data Catalog, users can break this cycle of redundant effort.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-130">With Azure Data Catalog, users can break this cycle of redundant effort.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-131">Once a data source has been discovered through traditional means, an analyst can register the data source to make it more easily discoverable in the future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-131">Once a data source has been discovered through traditional means, an analyst can register the data source to make it more easily discoverable in the future.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-132">Although the user can add more value by annotating the registered data assets, this does not need to take place at the same time as registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-132">Although the user can add more value by annotating the registered data assets, this does not need to take place at the same time as registration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-133">Users can contribute over time, as their schedules permit, gradually adding value to the data sources registered in the catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-133">Users can contribute over time, as their schedules permit, gradually adding value to the data sources registered in the catalog.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-134">This organic growth of the catalog content is a natural complement to the up-front registration of central data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-134">This organic growth of the catalog content is a natural complement to the up-front registration of central data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-135">Pre-populating the catalog with data that many users will need can be a motivator for initial use and discovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-135">Pre-populating the catalog with data that many users will need can be a motivator for initial use and discovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-136">Enabling users to register and annotate additional sources can be a way to keep them, and their peers, engaged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-136">Enabling users to register and annotate additional sources can be a way to keep them, and their peers, engaged.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-137">It’s also worth noting that although this scenario focuses specifically on self-service BI, the same patterns and challenges apply to large-scale corporate BI projects as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-137">It’s also worth noting that although this scenario focuses specifically on self-service BI, the same patterns and challenges apply to large-scale corporate BI projects as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-138">Any effort that involves a manual process of data source discovery is an effort that can add value to the organization through the use of Azure Data Catalog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-138">Any effort that involves a manual process of data source discovery is an effort that can add value to the organization through the use of Azure Data Catalog.</span></span>

## <a name="scenario-3---capturing-tribal-knowledge"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-139">Scenario #3 - Capturing tribal knowledge</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-139">Scenario #3 - Capturing tribal knowledge</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-140">How do you know what data you need to do your job, and where to find that data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-140">How do you know what data you need to do your job, and where to find that data?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-141">If you’ve been in your job for a while, you probably just know.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-141">If you’ve been in your job for a while, you probably just know.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-142">You’ve gone through a gradual learning process, and over time have learned about the data sources that are key to your day to day work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-142">You’ve gone through a gradual learning process, and over time have learned about the data sources that are key to your day to day work.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-143">When a new employee joins your team, how does he know what data he needs to do his job, and where to find it?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-143">When a new employee joins your team, how does he know what data he needs to do his job, and where to find it?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-144">Odds are, he asks you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-144">Odds are, he asks you.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-145">This ongoing transfer of tribal knowledge is part of the data source discovery process in organizations large and small.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-145">This ongoing transfer of tribal knowledge is part of the data source discovery process in organizations large and small.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-146">More senior and experienced team members have built up knowledge over the years, and newer team members have learned to ask them when they have questions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-146">More senior and experienced team members have built up knowledge over the years, and newer team members have learned to ask them when they have questions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-147">The most vital information often exists only in the heads of a few key people, and when those people are on vacation or leave the team, the organization suffers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-147">The most vital information often exists only in the heads of a few key people, and when those people are on vacation or leave the team, the organization suffers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-148">Sometimes these data experts will make the effort to document their knowledge, sharing it via email, or in Word documents on a team SharePoint site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-148">Sometimes these data experts will make the effort to document their knowledge, sharing it via email, or in Word documents on a team SharePoint site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-149">Although this can be valuable, it introduces a new discovery problem – how do people know what documentation exists, and where to find it…</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-149">Although this can be valuable, it introduces a new discovery problem – how do people know what documentation exists, and where to find it…</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-150">Azure Data Catalog provides a location for sharing this tribal knowledge, and for making it easily discoverable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-150">Azure Data Catalog provides a location for sharing this tribal knowledge, and for making it easily discoverable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-151">Data experts can directly annotate data assets, and can also include links to existing documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-151">Data experts can directly annotate data assets, and can also include links to existing documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-152">Not only does this capture the knowledge itself, but it also puts the knowledge in the same experience that is used for data source discovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-152">Not only does this capture the knowledge itself, but it also puts the knowledge in the same experience that is used for data source discovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f5fd-153">When someone uses the catalog to discover a data source not only will he find the source itself, he will also find the expert’s knowledge that previously existed only in the mind of the expert himself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f5fd-153">When someone uses the catalog to discover a data source not only will he find the source itself, he will also find the expert’s knowledge that previously existed only in the mind of the expert himself.</span></span>
