---
title: How to register data sources | Microsoft Docs
description: How-to article highlighting how to register data sources with Azure Data Catalog, including the metadata fields extracted during registration.
services: data-catalog
documentationcenter: ''
author: steelanddata
manager: NA
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: bab89906-186f-4d35-9ffd-61b1d903905d
ms.service: data-catalog
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-catalog
ms.date: 01/23/2017
ms.author: maroche
ms.openlocfilehash: 32eca5d6cd9785404674555eaf099ac5c16e6be7
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550354"
---
# <a name="how-to-register-data-sources"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-103">How to register data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-103">How to register data sources</span></span>
## <a name="introduction"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-104">Introduction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-104">Introduction</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-105">**Microsoft Azure Data Catalog** is a fully managed cloud service that serves as a system of registration and system of discovery for enterprise data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-105">**Microsoft Azure Data Catalog** is a fully managed cloud service that serves as a system of registration and system of discovery for enterprise data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-106">In other words, **Azure Data Catalog** is all about helping people discover, understand, and use data sources, and helping organizations to get more value from their existing data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-106">In other words, **Azure Data Catalog** is all about helping people discover, understand, and use data sources, and helping organizations to get more value from their existing data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-107">And the first step to making a data source discoverable via **Azure Data Catalog** is to register that data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-107">And the first step to making a data source discoverable via **Azure Data Catalog** is to register that data source.</span></span>

## <a name="registering-data-sources"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-108">Registering data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-108">Registering data sources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-109">Registration is the process of extracting metadata from the data source and copying that data into the **Azure Data Catalog** service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-109">Registration is the process of extracting metadata from the data source and copying that data into the **Azure Data Catalog** service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-110">The data remains where it currently resides, and remains under the control of the administrators and policies of the current system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-110">The data remains where it currently resides, and remains under the control of the administrators and policies of the current system.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-111">To register a data source, simply launch the **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool from the **Azure Data Catalog** portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-111">To register a data source, simply launch the **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool from the **Azure Data Catalog** portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-112">Log in with your Work or school account (the same Azure Active Directory credentials you use to log in to the portal) and then select the data source you want to register.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-112">Log in with your Work or school account (the same Azure Active Directory credentials you use to log in to the portal) and then select the data source you want to register.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-113">See the [Get Started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) tutorial for more step-by-step details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-113">See the [Get Started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) tutorial for more step-by-step details.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-114">Once the data source has been registered, the Catalog tracks its location and indexes its metadata, so that users can search, browse, and discover the data source, and then use its location to connect to it using the application or tool of their choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-114">Once the data source has been registered, the Catalog tracks its location and indexes its metadata, so that users can search, browse, and discover the data source, and then use its location to connect to it using the application or tool of their choice.</span></span>

## <a name="sources-supported"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-115">Sources supported</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-115">Sources supported</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-116">Please refer to [Data Catalog DSR](data-catalog-dsr.md) for the list of currently supported data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-116">Please refer to [Data Catalog DSR](data-catalog-dsr.md) for the list of currently supported data sources.</span></span>
<br/>

## <a name="structural-metadata"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-117">Structural metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-117">Structural metadata</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-118">When you’re registering a data source, the registration tool will extract information about the structure of the objects you select – this is referred to as structural metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-118">When you’re registering a data source, the registration tool will extract information about the structure of the objects you select – this is referred to as structural metadata.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-119">For all objects, this structural metadata will include the object’s location, so that users who discover the data can use that information to connect to the object in the client tools of their choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-119">For all objects, this structural metadata will include the object’s location, so that users who discover the data can use that information to connect to the object in the client tools of their choice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-120">Other structural metadata includes object name and type, and attribute/column name and data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-120">Other structural metadata includes object name and type, and attribute/column name and data type.</span></span>

## <a name="descriptive-metadata"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-121">Descriptive metadata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-121">Descriptive metadata</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-122">In addition to the core structural metadata extracted from the data source, the data source registration tool will also extract descriptive metadata as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-122">In addition to the core structural metadata extracted from the data source, the data source registration tool will also extract descriptive metadata as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-123">For SQL Server Analysis Services and SQL Server Reporting Services, this is taken from the Description properties exposed by these services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-123">For SQL Server Analysis Services and SQL Server Reporting Services, this is taken from the Description properties exposed by these services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-124">For SQL Server, values provided using the ms_description extended property will be extracted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-124">For SQL Server, values provided using the ms_description extended property will be extracted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-125">For Oracle Database, the data source registration tool will extract the COMMENTS column from the ALL_TAB_COMMENTS view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-125">For Oracle Database, the data source registration tool will extract the COMMENTS column from the ALL_TAB_COMMENTS view.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-126">In addition to the descriptive metadata extracted from the data source, users can also enter descriptive metadata using the data source registration tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-126">In addition to the descriptive metadata extracted from the data source, users can also enter descriptive metadata using the data source registration tool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-127">Users can add tags, and can identify experts for the objects being registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-127">Users can add tags, and can identify experts for the objects being registered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-128">All of this descriptive metadata is copied to the **Azure Data Catalog** service along with the structural metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-128">All of this descriptive metadata is copied to the **Azure Data Catalog** service along with the structural metadata.</span></span>

## <a name="including-previews"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-129">Including previews</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-129">Including previews</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-130">By default, only metadata is extracted from data sources and copied to the **Azure Data Catalog** service, but understanding a data source is often made easier by seeing a sample of the data it contains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-130">By default, only metadata is extracted from data sources and copied to the **Azure Data Catalog** service, but understanding a data source is often made easier by seeing a sample of the data it contains.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-131">The **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool allows users to include a snapshot preview of the data in each table and view that is registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-131">The **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool allows users to include a snapshot preview of the data in each table and view that is registered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-132">If the user opts-in to include previews during registration, the registration tool will include up to 20 records from each table and view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-132">If the user opts-in to include previews during registration, the registration tool will include up to 20 records from each table and view.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-133">This snapshot is then copied into the Catalog along with the structural and descriptive metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-133">This snapshot is then copied into the Catalog along with the structural and descriptive metadata.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="20519-134">Wide tables with a large number of columns may have fewer than 20 records included in their preview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-134">Wide tables with a large number of columns may have fewer than 20 records included in their preview.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="including-data-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-135">Including data profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-135">Including data profiles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-136">Just as including previews can provide valuable context for users searching for data sources in **Azure Data Catalog**, including a data profile can also make it easier to understand discovered data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-136">Just as including previews can provide valuable context for users searching for data sources in **Azure Data Catalog**, including a data profile can also make it easier to understand discovered data sources.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-137">The **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool allows users to include a data profile for each table and view that is registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-137">The **Azure Data Catalog** data source registration tool allows users to include a data profile for each table and view that is registered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-138">If the user chooses to include a data profile during registration, the registration tool will include aggregate statistics about the data in each table and view, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-138">If the user chooses to include a data profile during registration, the registration tool will include aggregate statistics about the data in each table and view, including:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="20519-139">The number of rows and size of the data in the object</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-139">The number of rows and size of the data in the object</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="20519-140">The date for the most recent update of the data and the object schema</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-140">The date for the most recent update of the data and the object schema</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="20519-141">The number of null records and distinct values for columns</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-141">The number of null records and distinct values for columns</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="20519-142">The minimum, maximum, average, and standard deviation values for columns</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-142">The minimum, maximum, average, and standard deviation values for columns</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-143">These statistics are then copied into the Catalog along with the structural and descriptive metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-143">These statistics are then copied into the Catalog along with the structural and descriptive metadata.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="20519-144">Text and date columns will not include average or standard deviation statistics in their data profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-144">Text and date columns will not include average or standard deviation statistics in their data profile.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="updating-registrations"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-145">Updating registrations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-145">Updating registrations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-146">Registering a data source will make it discoverable in the **Azure Data Catalog** using the metadata and optional preview extracted during registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-146">Registering a data source will make it discoverable in the **Azure Data Catalog** using the metadata and optional preview extracted during registration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-147">If the data source needs to be updated in the Catalog (for example, if the schema of an object has changed, or tables originally excluded should be included, or a user wants to update the data included in the previews) the data source registration tool can be re-run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-147">If the data source needs to be updated in the Catalog (for example, if the schema of an object has changed, or tables originally excluded should be included, or a user wants to update the data included in the previews) the data source registration tool can be re-run.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="20519-148">Re-registering an already-registered data source performs a merge “upsert” operation: existing objects will be updated, while new objects will be created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-148">Re-registering an already-registered data source performs a merge “upsert” operation: existing objects will be updated, while new objects will be created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-149">Any metadata provided by users through the **Azure Data Catalog** portal will be maintained.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-149">Any metadata provided by users through the **Azure Data Catalog** portal will be maintained.</span></span>

## <a name="summary"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-150">Summary</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-150">Summary</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="20519-151">Registering a data source with **Azure Data Catalog** makes that data source easier to discover and understand, by copying structural and descriptive metadata from the data source into the Catalog service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-151">Registering a data source with **Azure Data Catalog** makes that data source easier to discover and understand, by copying structural and descriptive metadata from the data source into the Catalog service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="20519-152">Once a data source has been registered, it can then be annotated, managed, and discovered using the **Azure Data Catalog** portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-152">Once a data source has been registered, it can then be annotated, managed, and discovered using the **Azure Data Catalog** portal.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="20519-153">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-153">See also</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="20519-154">[Get Started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) tutorial for step-by-step details about how to register data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="20519-154">[Get Started with Azure Data Catalog](data-catalog-get-started.md) tutorial for step-by-step details about how to register data sources.</span></span>
