---
title: Network Configuration Details for Working with Express Route
description: Network configuration details for running App Service Environments in a Virtual Networks connected to an ExpressRoute Circuit.
services: app-service
documentationcenter: ''
author: stefsch
manager: nirma
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 34b49178-2595-4d32-9b41-110c96dde6bf
ms.service: app-service
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/14/2016
ms.author: stefsch
ms.openlocfilehash: de1d998ee86c127149dee18e9df577705054ddb4
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44660938"
---
# <a name="network-configuration-details-for-app-service-environments-with-expressroute"></a><span data-ttu-id="44685-103">Network Configuration Details for App Service Environments with ExpressRoute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-103">Network Configuration Details for App Service Environments with ExpressRoute</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="44685-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44685-105">Customers can connect an [Azure ExpressRoute][ExpressRoute] circuit to their virtual network infrastructure, thus extending their on-premises network to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-105">Customers can connect an [Azure ExpressRoute][ExpressRoute] circuit to their virtual network infrastructure, thus extending their on-premises network to Azure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-106">An App Service Environment can  be created in a subnet of this [virtual network][virtualnetwork] infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-106">An App Service Environment can  be created in a subnet of this [virtual network][virtualnetwork] infrastructure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-107">Apps running on the App Service Environment can then establish secure connections to back-end resources accessible only over the ExpressRoute connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-107">Apps running on the App Service Environment can then establish secure connections to back-end resources accessible only over the ExpressRoute connection.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="44685-108">An App Service Environment can be created in **either** an Azure Resource Manager virtual network, **or** a classic deployment model virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-108">An App Service Environment can be created in **either** an Azure Resource Manager virtual network, **or** a classic deployment model virtual network.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-109">With a recent change made in June 2016, ASEs can also now be deployed into virtual networks that use either public address ranges, or RFC1918 address spaces (i.e. private addresses).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-109">With a recent change made in June 2016, ASEs can also now be deployed into virtual networks that use either public address ranges, or RFC1918 address spaces (i.e. private addresses).</span></span> 

[!INCLUDE [app-service-web-to-api-and-mobile](../../includes/app-service-web-to-api-and-mobile.md)]

## <a name="required-network-connectivity"></a><span data-ttu-id="44685-110">Required Network Connectivity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-110">Required Network Connectivity</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44685-111">There are network connectivity requirements for App Service Environments that may not be initially met in a virtual network connected to an ExpressRoute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-111">There are network connectivity requirements for App Service Environments that may not be initially met in a virtual network connected to an ExpressRoute.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-112">App Service Environments require all of the following in order to function properly:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-112">App Service Environments require all of the following in order to function properly:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="44685-113">Outbound network connectivity to Azure Storage endpoints worldwide on both ports 80 and 443.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-113">Outbound network connectivity to Azure Storage endpoints worldwide on both ports 80 and 443.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-114">This includes endpoints located in the same region as the App Service Environment, as well as storage endpoints located in **other** Azure regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-114">This includes endpoints located in the same region as the App Service Environment, as well as storage endpoints located in **other** Azure regions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-115">Azure Storage endpoints resolve under the following DNS domains: *table.core.windows.net*, *blob.core.windows.net*, *queue.core.windows.net* and *file.core.windows.net*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-115">Azure Storage endpoints resolve under the following DNS domains: *table.core.windows.net*, *blob.core.windows.net*, *queue.core.windows.net* and *file.core.windows.net*.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-116">Outbound network connectivity to the Azure Files service on port 445.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-116">Outbound network connectivity to the Azure Files service on port 445.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-117">Outbound network connectivity to Sql DB endpoints located in the same region as the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-117">Outbound network connectivity to Sql DB endpoints located in the same region as the App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-118">Sql DB endpoints resolve under the following domain:  *database.windows.net*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-118">Sql DB endpoints resolve under the following domain:  *database.windows.net*.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-119">This requires opening access to ports 1433, 11000-11999 and 14000-14999.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-119">This requires opening access to ports 1433, 11000-11999 and 14000-14999.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-120">For more details see [this article on Sql Database V12 port usage](../sql-database/sql-database-develop-direct-route-ports-adonet-v12.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-120">For more details see [this article on Sql Database V12 port usage](../sql-database/sql-database-develop-direct-route-ports-adonet-v12.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-121">Outbound network connectivity to the Azure management plane endpoints (both ASM and ARM endpoints).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-121">Outbound network connectivity to the Azure management plane endpoints (both ASM and ARM endpoints).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-122">This includes outbound connectivity to both *management.core.windows.net* and *management.azure.com*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-122">This includes outbound connectivity to both *management.core.windows.net* and *management.azure.com*.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-123">Outbound network connectivity to *ocsp.msocsp.com*, *mscrl.microsoft.com* and *crl.microsoft.com*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-123">Outbound network connectivity to *ocsp.msocsp.com*, *mscrl.microsoft.com* and *crl.microsoft.com*.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-124">This is needed to support SSL functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-124">This is needed to support SSL functionality.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-125">The DNS configuration for the virtual network must be capable of resolving all of the endpoints and domains mentioned in the earlier points.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-125">The DNS configuration for the virtual network must be capable of resolving all of the endpoints and domains mentioned in the earlier points.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-126">If these endpoints cannot be resolved, App Service Environment creation attempts will fail, and existing App Service Environments will be marked as unhealthy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-126">If these endpoints cannot be resolved, App Service Environment creation attempts will fail, and existing App Service Environments will be marked as unhealthy.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-127">Outbound access on port 53 is required for communication with DNS servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-127">Outbound access on port 53 is required for communication with DNS servers.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-128">If a custom DNS server exists on the other end of a VPN gateway, the DNS server must be reachable from the subnet containing the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-128">If a custom DNS server exists on the other end of a VPN gateway, the DNS server must be reachable from the subnet containing the App Service Environment.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-129">The outbound network path cannot travel through internal corporate proxies, nor can it be force tunneled to on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-129">The outbound network path cannot travel through internal corporate proxies, nor can it be force tunneled to on-premises.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-130">Doing so changes the effective NAT address of outbound network traffic from the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-130">Doing so changes the effective NAT address of outbound network traffic from the App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-131">Changing the NAT address of an App Service Environment's outbound network traffic will cause connectivity failures to many of the endpoints listed above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-131">Changing the NAT address of an App Service Environment's outbound network traffic will cause connectivity failures to many of the endpoints listed above.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-132">This results in failed App Service Environment creation attempts, as well as previously healthy App Service Environments being marked as unhealthy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-132">This results in failed App Service Environment creation attempts, as well as previously healthy App Service Environments being marked as unhealthy.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-133">Inbound network access to required ports for App Service Environments must be allowed as described in this [article][requiredports].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-133">Inbound network access to required ports for App Service Environments must be allowed as described in this [article][requiredports].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-134">The DNS requirements can be met by ensuring a valid DNS infrastructure is configured and maintained for the virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-134">The DNS requirements can be met by ensuring a valid DNS infrastructure is configured and maintained for the virtual network.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-135">If for any reason the DNS configuration is changed after an App Service Environment has been created, developers can force an App Service Environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-135">If for any reason the DNS configuration is changed after an App Service Environment has been created, developers can force an App Service Environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-136">Triggering a rolling environment reboot using the "Restart" icon located at the top of the App Service Environment management blade in the [Azure portal][NewPortal] will cause the environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-136">Triggering a rolling environment reboot using the "Restart" icon located at the top of the App Service Environment management blade in the [Azure portal][NewPortal] will cause the environment to pick up the new DNS configuration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-137">The inbound network access requirements can be met by configuring a [network security group][NetworkSecurityGroups] on the App Service Environment's subnet to allow the required access as described in this [article][requiredports].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-137">The inbound network access requirements can be met by configuring a [network security group][NetworkSecurityGroups] on the App Service Environment's subnet to allow the required access as described in this [article][requiredports].</span></span>

## <a name="enabling-outbound-network-connectivity-for-an-app-service-environment"></a><span data-ttu-id="44685-138">Enabling Outbound Network Connectivity for an App Service Environment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-138">Enabling Outbound Network Connectivity for an App Service Environment</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44685-139">By default, a newly created ExpressRoute circuit advertises a default route that allows outbound Internet connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-139">By default, a newly created ExpressRoute circuit advertises a default route that allows outbound Internet connectivity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-140">With this configuration an App Service Environment will be able to connect to other Azure endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-140">With this configuration an App Service Environment will be able to connect to other Azure endpoints.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-141">However a common customer configuration is to define their own default route (0.0.0.0/0) which forces outbound Internet traffic to instead flow on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-141">However a common customer configuration is to define their own default route (0.0.0.0/0) which forces outbound Internet traffic to instead flow on-premises.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-142">This traffic flow invariably breaks App Service Environments because the outbound traffic is either blocked on-premises, or NAT'd to an unrecognizable set of addresses that no longer work with various Azure endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-142">This traffic flow invariably breaks App Service Environments because the outbound traffic is either blocked on-premises, or NAT'd to an unrecognizable set of addresses that no longer work with various Azure endpoints.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-143">The solution is to define one (or more) user defined routes (UDRs) on the subnet that contains the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-143">The solution is to define one (or more) user defined routes (UDRs) on the subnet that contains the App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-144">A UDR defines subnet-specific routes that will be honored instead of the default route.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-144">A UDR defines subnet-specific routes that will be honored instead of the default route.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-145">If possible, it is recommended to use the following configuration:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-145">If possible, it is recommended to use the following configuration:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="44685-146">The ExpressRoute configuration advertises 0.0.0.0/0 and by default force tunnels all outbound traffic on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-146">The ExpressRoute configuration advertises 0.0.0.0/0 and by default force tunnels all outbound traffic on-premises.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-147">The UDR applied to the subnet containing the App Service Environment defines 0.0.0.0/0 with a next hop type of Internet (an example of this is farther down in this article).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-147">The UDR applied to the subnet containing the App Service Environment defines 0.0.0.0/0 with a next hop type of Internet (an example of this is farther down in this article).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-148">The combined effect of these steps is that the subnet level UDR will take precedence over the ExpressRoute forced tunneling, thus ensuring outbound Internet access from the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-148">The combined effect of these steps is that the subnet level UDR will take precedence over the ExpressRoute forced tunneling, thus ensuring outbound Internet access from the App Service Environment.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="44685-149">The routes defined in a UDR **must** be specific enough to  take precedence over any routes advertised by the ExpressRoute configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-149">The routes defined in a UDR **must** be specific enough to  take precedence over any routes advertised by the ExpressRoute configuration.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-150">The example below uses the broad 0.0.0.0/0 address range, and as such can potentially be accidentally overridden by route advertisements using more specific address ranges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-150">The example below uses the broad 0.0.0.0/0 address range, and as such can potentially be accidentally overridden by route advertisements using more specific address ranges.</span></span>
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="44685-151">App Service Environments are not supported with ExpressRoute configurations that **cross-advertise routes from the public peering path to the private peering path**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-151">App Service Environments are not supported with ExpressRoute configurations that **cross-advertise routes from the public peering path to the private peering path**.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-152">ExpressRoute configurations that have public peering configured, will receive route advertisements from Microsoft for a large set of Microsoft Azure IP address ranges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-152">ExpressRoute configurations that have public peering configured, will receive route advertisements from Microsoft for a large set of Microsoft Azure IP address ranges.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-153">If these address ranges are cross-advertised on the private peering path, the end result is that all outbound network packets from the App Service Environment's subnet will be force-tunneled to a customer's on-premises network infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-153">If these address ranges are cross-advertised on the private peering path, the end result is that all outbound network packets from the App Service Environment's subnet will be force-tunneled to a customer's on-premises network infrastructure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-154">This network flow is currently not supported with App Service Environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-154">This network flow is currently not supported with App Service Environments.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-155">One solution to this problem is to stop cross-advertising routes from the public peering path to the private peering path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-155">One solution to this problem is to stop cross-advertising routes from the public peering path to the private peering path.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="44685-156">Background information on user defined routes is available in this [overview][UDROverview].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-156">Background information on user defined routes is available in this [overview][UDROverview].</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="44685-157">Details on creating and configuring user defined routes is available in this [How To Guide][UDRHowTo].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-157">Details on creating and configuring user defined routes is available in this [How To Guide][UDRHowTo].</span></span>

## <a name="example-udr-configuration-for-an-app-service-environment"></a><span data-ttu-id="44685-158">Example UDR Configuration for an App Service Environment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-158">Example UDR Configuration for an App Service Environment</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44685-159">**Pre-requisites**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-159">**Pre-requisites**</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="44685-160">Install Azure Powershell from the [Azure Downloads page][AzureDownloads] (dated June 2015 or later).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-160">Install Azure Powershell from the [Azure Downloads page][AzureDownloads] (dated June 2015 or later).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-161">Under "Command-line tools" there is an "Install" link under "Windows Powershell" that will install the latest Powershell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-161">Under "Command-line tools" there is an "Install" link under "Windows Powershell" that will install the latest Powershell cmdlets.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="44685-162">It is recommended that a unique subnet is created for exclusive use by an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-162">It is recommended that a unique subnet is created for exclusive use by an App Service Environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-163">This ensures that the UDRs applied to the subnet will only open outbound traffic for the App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-163">This ensures that the UDRs applied to the subnet will only open outbound traffic for the App Service Environment.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="44685-164">**Important**:  do not deploy the App Service Environment until **after** the following configuration steps are followed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-164">**Important**:  do not deploy the App Service Environment until **after** the following configuration steps are followed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-165">This ensures that outbound network connectivity is available before attempting to deploy an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-165">This ensures that outbound network connectivity is available before attempting to deploy an App Service Environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-166">**Step 1:  Create a named route table**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-166">**Step 1:  Create a named route table**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-167">The following snippet creates a route table called "DirectInternetRouteTable" in the West US Azure region:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-167">The following snippet creates a route table called "DirectInternetRouteTable" in the West US Azure region:</span></span>

    New-AzureRouteTable -Name 'DirectInternetRouteTable' -Location uswest

<span data-ttu-id="44685-168">**Step 2:  Create one or more routes in the route table**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-168">**Step 2:  Create one or more routes in the route table**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-169">You will need to add one or more routes to the route table in order to enable outbound Internet access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-169">You will need to add one or more routes to the route table in order to enable outbound Internet access.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="44685-170">The recommended approach for configuring outbound access to the Internet is to define a route for 0.0.0.0/0 as shown below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-170">The recommended approach for configuring outbound access to the Internet is to define a route for 0.0.0.0/0 as shown below.</span></span>

    Get-AzureRouteTable -Name 'DirectInternetRouteTable' | Set-AzureRoute -RouteName 'Direct Internet Range 0' -AddressPrefix 0.0.0.0/0 -NextHopType Internet

<span data-ttu-id="44685-171">Remember that 0.0.0.0/0 is a broad address range, and as such will be overridden by more specific address ranges advertised by the ExpressRoute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-171">Remember that 0.0.0.0/0 is a broad address range, and as such will be overridden by more specific address ranges advertised by the ExpressRoute.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-172">To re-iterate the earlier recommendation, a UDR with a 0.0.0.0/0 route should be used in conjunction with an ExressRoute configuration that only advertises 0.0.0.0/0 as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-172">To re-iterate the earlier recommendation, a UDR with a 0.0.0.0/0 route should be used in conjunction with an ExressRoute configuration that only advertises 0.0.0.0/0 as well.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="44685-173">As an alternative, you can download a comprehensive and updated list of CIDR ranges in use by Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-173">As an alternative, you can download a comprehensive and updated list of CIDR ranges in use by Azure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-174">The Xml file containing all of the Azure IP address ranges is available from the [Microsoft Download Center][DownloadCenterAddressRanges].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-174">The Xml file containing all of the Azure IP address ranges is available from the [Microsoft Download Center][DownloadCenterAddressRanges].</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="44685-175">Note though that these ranges change over time, thus necessitating periodic manual updates to the user defined routes to keep in sync.  Also, since there is a default upper limit of 100 routes in a single UDR, you will need to "summarize" the Azure IP address ranges to fit within the 100 route limit, keeping in mind that UDR defined routes need to be more specific than the routes advertised by your ExpressRoute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-175">Note though that these ranges change over time, thus necessitating periodic manual updates to the user defined routes to keep in sync.  Also, since there is a default upper limit of 100 routes in a single UDR, you will need to "summarize" the Azure IP address ranges to fit within the 100 route limit, keeping in mind that UDR defined routes need to be more specific than the routes advertised by your ExpressRoute.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="44685-176">**Step 3:  Associate the route table to the subnet containing the App Service Environment**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-176">**Step 3:  Associate the route table to the subnet containing the App Service Environment**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-177">The last  configuration step is to associate the route table to the subnet where the App Service Environment will be deployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-177">The last  configuration step is to associate the route table to the subnet where the App Service Environment will be deployed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-178">The following command associates the "DirectInternetRouteTable" to the "ASESubnet" that will eventually contain an App Service Environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-178">The following command associates the "DirectInternetRouteTable" to the "ASESubnet" that will eventually contain an App Service Environment.</span></span>

    Set-AzureSubnetRouteTable -VirtualNetworkName 'YourVirtualNetworkNameHere' -SubnetName 'ASESubnet' -RouteTableName 'DirectInternetRouteTable'


<span data-ttu-id="44685-179">**Step 4:  Final Steps**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-179">**Step 4:  Final Steps**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-180">Once the route table is bound to the subnet, it is recommended to first test and confirm the intended effect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-180">Once the route table is bound to the subnet, it is recommended to first test and confirm the intended effect.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-181">For example, deploy a virtual machine into the subnet and confirm that:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-181">For example, deploy a virtual machine into the subnet and confirm that:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="44685-182">Outbound traffic to both Azure and non-Azure endpoints mentioned earlier in this article is **not** flowing down the ExpressRoute circuit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-182">Outbound traffic to both Azure and non-Azure endpoints mentioned earlier in this article is **not** flowing down the ExpressRoute circuit.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="44685-183">It is very important to verify this behavior, since if outbound traffic from the subnet is still being forced tunneled on-premises, App Service Environment creation will always fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-183">It is very important to verify this behavior, since if outbound traffic from the subnet is still being forced tunneled on-premises, App Service Environment creation will always fail.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="44685-184">DNS lookups for the endpoints mentioned earlier are all resolving properly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-184">DNS lookups for the endpoints mentioned earlier are all resolving properly.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="44685-185">Once the above steps are confirmed, you will need to delete the virtual machine because the subnet needs to be "empty" at the time the App Service Environment is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-185">Once the above steps are confirmed, you will need to delete the virtual machine because the subnet needs to be "empty" at the time the App Service Environment is created.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-186">Then proceed with creating an App Service Environment!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-186">Then proceed with creating an App Service Environment!</span></span>

## <a name="getting-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="44685-187">Getting started</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-187">Getting started</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44685-188">All articles and How-To's for App Service Environments are available in the [README for Application Service Environments](../app-service/app-service-app-service-environments-readme.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-188">All articles and How-To's for App Service Environments are available in the [README for Application Service Environments](../app-service/app-service-app-service-environments-readme.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-189">To get started with App Service Environments, see [Introduction to App Service Environment][IntroToAppServiceEnvironment]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-189">To get started with App Service Environments, see [Introduction to App Service Environment][IntroToAppServiceEnvironment]</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44685-190">For more information about the Azure App Service platform, see [Azure App Service][AzureAppService].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44685-190">For more information about the Azure App Service platform, see [Azure App Service][AzureAppService].</span></span>

<!-- LINKS -->
[virtualnetwork]: http://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-network/
[ExpressRoute]: http://azure.microsoft.com/services/expressroute/
[requiredports]: http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/app-service-app-service-environment-control-inbound-traffic/
[NetworkSecurityGroups]: http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/virtual-networks-nsg/
[UDROverview]: http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/virtual-networks-udr-overview/
[UDRHowTo]: http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/virtual-networks-udr-how-to/
[HowToCreateAnAppServiceEnvironment]: http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/app-service-web-how-to-create-an-app-service-environment/
[AzureDownloads]: http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/downloads/ 
[DownloadCenterAddressRanges]: http://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=41653  
[NetworkSecurityGroups]: https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/virtual-networks-nsg/
[AzureAppService]: http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/app-service-value-prop-what-is/
[IntroToAppServiceEnvironment]:  http://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/app-service-app-service-environment-intro/
[NewPortal]:  https://portal.azure.com


<!-- IMAGES -->
