---
title: Deploy your app to Azure App Service | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to deploy your app to Azure App Service.
services: app-service
documentationcenter: ''
author: cephalin
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: f1464f71-2624-400e-86a2-e687e385804f
ms.service: app-service
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 01/05/2017
ms.author: cephalin;dariac
ms.openlocfilehash: 99ec39d3f0f6e82409de571db1e7c7c9468eb068
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551290"
---
# <a name="deploy-your-app-to-azure-app-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-103">Deploy your app to Azure App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-103">Deploy your app to Azure App Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-104">This article helps you determine the best option to deploy the files for your web app, mobile app backend, or API app to [Azure App Service](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=529714), and then guides you to appropriate resources with instructions specific to your preferred option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-104">This article helps you determine the best option to deploy the files for your web app, mobile app backend, or API app to [Azure App Service](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=529714), and then guides you to appropriate resources with instructions specific to your preferred option.</span></span>

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-105">Azure App Service deployment overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-105">Azure App Service deployment overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-106">Azure App Service maintains the application framework for you (ASP.NET, PHP, Node.js, etc).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-106">Azure App Service maintains the application framework for you (ASP.NET, PHP, Node.js, etc).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-107">Some frameworks are enabled by default while others, like Java and Python, may need a simple checkmark configuration to enable it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-107">Some frameworks are enabled by default while others, like Java and Python, may need a simple checkmark configuration to enable it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-108">In addition, you can customize your application framework, such as the PHP version or the bitness of your runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-108">In addition, you can customize your application framework, such as the PHP version or the bitness of your runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-109">For more information, see [Configure your app in Azure App Service](web-sites-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-109">For more information, see [Configure your app in Azure App Service](web-sites-configure.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-110">Since you don't have to worry about the web server or application framework, deploying your app to App Service is a matter of deploying your code, binaries, content files, and their respective directory structure, to the [**/site/wwwroot** directory](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/File-structure-on-azure) in Azure (or the **/site/wwwroot/App_Data/Jobs/** directory for WebJobs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-110">Since you don't have to worry about the web server or application framework, deploying your app to App Service is a matter of deploying your code, binaries, content files, and their respective directory structure, to the [**/site/wwwroot** directory](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/File-structure-on-azure) in Azure (or the **/site/wwwroot/App_Data/Jobs/** directory for WebJobs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-111">App Service supports three different deployment processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-111">App Service supports three different deployment processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-112">All the deployment methods in this article use one of the following processes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-112">All the deployment methods in this article use one of the following processes:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-113">[FTP or FTPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol): Use your favorite FTP or FTPS enabled tool to move your files to Azure, from [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org) to full-featured IDEs like [NetBeans](https://netbeans.org).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-113">[FTP or FTPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol): Use your favorite FTP or FTPS enabled tool to move your files to Azure, from [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org) to full-featured IDEs like [NetBeans](https://netbeans.org).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-114">This is strictly a file upload process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-114">This is strictly a file upload process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-115">No additional services are provided by App Service, such as version control, file structure management, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-115">No additional services are provided by App Service, such as version control, file structure management, etc.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-116">[Kudu (Git/Mercurial or OneDrive/Dropbox)](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Deployment): Kudu is the [deployment engine](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki) in App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-116">[Kudu (Git/Mercurial or OneDrive/Dropbox)](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Deployment): Kudu is the [deployment engine](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki) in App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-117">Push your code to Kudu directly from any repository.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-117">Push your code to Kudu directly from any repository.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-118">Kudu also provides added services whenever code is pushed to it, including version control, package restore, MSBuild, and [web hooks](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Web-hooks) for continuous deployment and other automation tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-118">Kudu also provides added services whenever code is pushed to it, including version control, package restore, MSBuild, and [web hooks](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Web-hooks) for continuous deployment and other automation tasks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-119">The Kudu deployment engine supports 3 different types of deployment sources:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-119">The Kudu deployment engine supports 3 different types of deployment sources:</span></span>   
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="81adf-120">Content sync from OneDrive and Dropbox</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-120">Content sync from OneDrive and Dropbox</span></span>   
  * <span data-ttu-id="81adf-121">Repository-based continuous deployment with auto-sync from GitHub, Bitbucket, and Visual Studio Team Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-121">Repository-based continuous deployment with auto-sync from GitHub, Bitbucket, and Visual Studio Team Services</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="81adf-122">Repository-based deployment with manual sync from local Git</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-122">Repository-based deployment with manual sync from local Git</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-123">[Web Deploy](http://www.iis.net/learn/publish/using-web-deploy/introduction-to-web-deploy): Deploy code to App Service directly from your favorite Microsoft tools such as Visual Studio using the same tooling that automates deployment to IIS servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-123">[Web Deploy](http://www.iis.net/learn/publish/using-web-deploy/introduction-to-web-deploy): Deploy code to App Service directly from your favorite Microsoft tools such as Visual Studio using the same tooling that automates deployment to IIS servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-124">This tool supports diff-only deployment, database creation, transforms of connection strings, etc. Web Deploy differs from Kudu in that application binaries are built before they are deployed to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-124">This tool supports diff-only deployment, database creation, transforms of connection strings, etc. Web Deploy differs from Kudu in that application binaries are built before they are deployed to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-125">Similar to FTP, no additional services are provided by App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-125">Similar to FTP, no additional services are provided by App Service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-126">Popular web development tools support one or more of these deployment processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-126">Popular web development tools support one or more of these deployment processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-127">While the tool you choose determines the deployment processes you can leverage, the actual DevOps functionality at your disposal depends on the combination of the deployment process and the specific tools you choose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-127">While the tool you choose determines the deployment processes you can leverage, the actual DevOps functionality at your disposal depends on the combination of the deployment process and the specific tools you choose.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-128">For example, if you perform Web Deploy from [Visual Studio with Azure SDK](#vspros), even though you don't get automation from Kudu, you do get package restore and MSBuild automation in Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-128">For example, if you perform Web Deploy from [Visual Studio with Azure SDK](#vspros), even though you don't get automation from Kudu, you do get package restore and MSBuild automation in Visual Studio.</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-129">These deployment processes don't actually [provision the Azure resources](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-template-deploy-portal.md) that your app may need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-129">These deployment processes don't actually [provision the Azure resources](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-template-deploy-portal.md) that your app may need.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-130">However, most of the linked how-to articles show you how to provision the app AND deploy your code to it end-to-end.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-130">However, most of the linked how-to articles show you how to provision the app AND deploy your code to it end-to-end.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-131">You can also find additional options for provisioning Azure resources in the [Automate deployment by using command-line tools](#automate) section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-131">You can also find additional options for provisioning Azure resources in the [Automate deployment by using command-line tools](#automate) section.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="ftp"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-132">Deploy manually by uploading files with FTP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-132">Deploy manually by uploading files with FTP</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-133">If you are used to manually copying your web content to a web server, you can use an [FTP](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol) utility to copy files, such as Windows Explorer or [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-133">If you are used to manually copying your web content to a web server, you can use an [FTP](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol) utility to copy files, such as Windows Explorer or [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-134">The pros of copying files manually are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-134">The pros of copying files manually are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-135">Familiarity and minimal complexity for FTP tooling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-135">Familiarity and minimal complexity for FTP tooling.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-136">Knowing exactly where your files are going.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-136">Knowing exactly where your files are going.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-137">Added security with FTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-137">Added security with FTPS.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-138">The cons of copying files manually are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-138">The cons of copying files manually are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-139">Having to know how to deploy files to the correct directories in App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-139">Having to know how to deploy files to the correct directories in App Service.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-140">No version control for rollback when failures occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-140">No version control for rollback when failures occur.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-141">No built-in deployment history for troubleshooting deployment issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-141">No built-in deployment history for troubleshooting deployment issues.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-142">Potential long deployment times because many FTP tools don't provide diff-only copying and simply copy all the files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-142">Potential long deployment times because many FTP tools don't provide diff-only copying and simply copy all the files.</span></span>  

### <a name="howtoftp"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-143">How to upload files with FTP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-143">How to upload files with FTP</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-144">The [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) gives you all the information you need to connect to your app's directories using FTP or FTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-144">The [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) gives you all the information you need to connect to your app's directories using FTP or FTPS.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="81adf-145">Deploy your app to Azure App Service using FTP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-145">Deploy your app to Azure App Service using FTP</span></span>](app-service-deploy-ftp.md)

## <a name="dropbox"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-146">Deploy by syncing with a cloud folder</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-146">Deploy by syncing with a cloud folder</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-147">A good alternative to [copying files manually](#ftp) is syncing files and folders to App Service from a cloud storage service like OneDrive and Dropbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-147">A good alternative to [copying files manually](#ftp) is syncing files and folders to App Service from a cloud storage service like OneDrive and Dropbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-148">Syncing with a cloud folder utilizes the Kudu process for deployment (see [Overview of deployment processes](#overview)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-148">Syncing with a cloud folder utilizes the Kudu process for deployment (see [Overview of deployment processes](#overview)).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-149">The pros of syncing with a cloud folder are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-149">The pros of syncing with a cloud folder are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-150">Simplicity of deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-150">Simplicity of deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-151">Services like OneDrive and Dropbox provide desktop sync clients, so your local working directory is also your deployment directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-151">Services like OneDrive and Dropbox provide desktop sync clients, so your local working directory is also your deployment directory.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-152">One-click deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-152">One-click deployment.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-153">All functionality in the Kudu deployment engine is available (e.g. package restore, automation).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-153">All functionality in the Kudu deployment engine is available (e.g. package restore, automation).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-154">The cons of syncing with a cloud folder are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-154">The cons of syncing with a cloud folder are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-155">No version control for rollback when failures occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-155">No version control for rollback when failures occur.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-156">No automated deployment, manual sync is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-156">No automated deployment, manual sync is required.</span></span>

### <a name="howtodropbox"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-157">How to deploy by syncing with a cloud folder</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-157">How to deploy by syncing with a cloud folder</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-158">In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), you can designate a folder for content sync in your OneDrive or Dropbox cloud storage, work with your app code and content in that folder, and sync to App Service with the click of a button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-158">In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), you can designate a folder for content sync in your OneDrive or Dropbox cloud storage, work with your app code and content in that folder, and sync to App Service with the click of a button.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-159">[Sync content from a cloud folder to Azure App Service](app-service-deploy-content-sync.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-159">[Sync content from a cloud folder to Azure App Service](app-service-deploy-content-sync.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="continuousdeployment"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-160">Deploy continuously from a cloud-based source control service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-160">Deploy continuously from a cloud-based source control service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-161">If your development team uses a cloud-based source code management (SCM) service like [Visual Studio Team Services](http://www.visualstudio.com/), [GitHub](https://www.github.com), or [BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/), you can configure App Service to integrate with your repository and deploy continuously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-161">If your development team uses a cloud-based source code management (SCM) service like [Visual Studio Team Services](http://www.visualstudio.com/), [GitHub](https://www.github.com), or [BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/), you can configure App Service to integrate with your repository and deploy continuously.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-162">The pros of deploying from a cloud-based source control service are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-162">The pros of deploying from a cloud-based source control service are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-163">Version control to enable rollback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-163">Version control to enable rollback.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-164">Ability to configure continuous deployment for Git (and Mercurial where applicable) repositories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-164">Ability to configure continuous deployment for Git (and Mercurial where applicable) repositories.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-165">Branch-specific deployment, can deploy different branches to different [slots](web-sites-staged-publishing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-165">Branch-specific deployment, can deploy different branches to different [slots](web-sites-staged-publishing.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-166">All functionality in the Kudu deployment engine is available (e.g. deployment versioning, rollback, package restore, automation).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-166">All functionality in the Kudu deployment engine is available (e.g. deployment versioning, rollback, package restore, automation).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-167">The con of deploying from a cloud-based source control service is:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-167">The con of deploying from a cloud-based source control service is:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-168">Some knowledge of the respective SCM service required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-168">Some knowledge of the respective SCM service required.</span></span>

### <a name="vsts"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-169">How to deploy continuously from a cloud-based source control service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-169">How to deploy continuously from a cloud-based source control service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-170">In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), you can configure continuous deployment from GitHub, Bitbucket, and Visual Studio Team Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-170">In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), you can configure continuous deployment from GitHub, Bitbucket, and Visual Studio Team Services.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-171">[Continous Deployment to Azure App Service](app-service-continuous-deployment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-171">[Continous Deployment to Azure App Service](app-service-continuous-deployment.md).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-172">To find out how to configure continuous deployment manually from a cloud repository not listed by the Azure Portal (such as [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/)), see [Setting up continuous deployment using manual steps](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Continuous-deployment#setting-up-continuous-deployment-using-manual-steps).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-172">To find out how to configure continuous deployment manually from a cloud repository not listed by the Azure Portal (such as [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/)), see [Setting up continuous deployment using manual steps](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Continuous-deployment#setting-up-continuous-deployment-using-manual-steps).</span></span>

## <a name="localgitdeployment"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-173">Deploy from local Git</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-173">Deploy from local Git</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-174">If your development team uses an on-premises local source code management (SCM) service based on Git, you can configure this as a deployment source to App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-174">If your development team uses an on-premises local source code management (SCM) service based on Git, you can configure this as a deployment source to App Service.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-175">Pros of deploying from local Git are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-175">Pros of deploying from local Git are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-176">Version control to enable rollback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-176">Version control to enable rollback.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-177">Branch-specific deployment, can deploy different branches to different [slots](web-sites-staged-publishing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-177">Branch-specific deployment, can deploy different branches to different [slots](web-sites-staged-publishing.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-178">All functionality in the Kudu deployment engine is available (e.g. deployment versioning, rollback, package restore, automation).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-178">All functionality in the Kudu deployment engine is available (e.g. deployment versioning, rollback, package restore, automation).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-179">Con of deploying from local Git is:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-179">Con of deploying from local Git is:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-180">Some knowledge of the respective SCM system required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-180">Some knowledge of the respective SCM system required.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-181">No turn-key solutions for continuous deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-181">No turn-key solutions for continuous deployment.</span></span> 

### <a name="vsts"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-182">How to deploy from local Git</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-182">How to deploy from local Git</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-183">In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), you can configure local Git deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-183">In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), you can configure local Git deployment.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-184">[Local Git Deployment to Azure App Service](app-service-deploy-local-git.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-184">[Local Git Deployment to Azure App Service](app-service-deploy-local-git.md).</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-185">[Publishing to Web Apps from any git/hg repo](http://blog.davidebbo.com/2013/04/publishing-to-azure-web-sites-from-any.html).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-185">[Publishing to Web Apps from any git/hg repo](http://blog.davidebbo.com/2013/04/publishing-to-azure-web-sites-from-any.html).</span></span>  

## <a name="deploy-using-an-ide"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-186">Deploy using an IDE</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-186">Deploy using an IDE</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-187">If you are already using [Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx) with an [Azure SDK](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/), or other IDE suites like [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/), [Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org), and [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/), you can deploy to Azure directly from within your IDE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-187">If you are already using [Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx) with an [Azure SDK](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/), or other IDE suites like [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/), [Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org), and [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/), you can deploy to Azure directly from within your IDE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-188">This option is ideal for an individual developer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-188">This option is ideal for an individual developer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-189">Visual Studio supports all three deployment processes (FTP, Git, and Web Deploy), depending on your preference, while other IDEs can deploy to App Service if they have FTP or Git integration (see [Overview of deployment processes](#overview)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-189">Visual Studio supports all three deployment processes (FTP, Git, and Web Deploy), depending on your preference, while other IDEs can deploy to App Service if they have FTP or Git integration (see [Overview of deployment processes](#overview)).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-190">The pros of deploying using an IDE are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-190">The pros of deploying using an IDE are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-191">Potentially minimize the tooling for your end-to-end application life-cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-191">Potentially minimize the tooling for your end-to-end application life-cycle.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-192">Develop, debug, track, and deploy your app to Azure all without moving outside of your IDE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-192">Develop, debug, track, and deploy your app to Azure all without moving outside of your IDE.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-193">The cons of deploying using an IDE are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-193">The cons of deploying using an IDE are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-194">Added complexity in tooling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-194">Added complexity in tooling.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-195">Still requires a source control system for a team project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-195">Still requires a source control system for a team project.</span></span>

<a name="vspros"></a> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-196">Additional pros of deploying using Visual Studio with Azure SDK are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-196">Additional pros of deploying using Visual Studio with Azure SDK are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-197">Azure SDK makes Azure resources first-class citizens in Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-197">Azure SDK makes Azure resources first-class citizens in Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-198">Create, delete, edit, start, and stop apps, query the backend SQL database, live-debug the Azure app, and much more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-198">Create, delete, edit, start, and stop apps, query the backend SQL database, live-debug the Azure app, and much more.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-199">Live editing of code files on Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-199">Live editing of code files on Azure.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-200">Live debugging of apps on Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-200">Live debugging of apps on Azure.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-201">Integrated Azure explorer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-201">Integrated Azure explorer.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-202">Diff-only deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-202">Diff-only deployment.</span></span> 

### <a name="vs"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-203">How to deploy from Visual Studio directly</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-203">How to deploy from Visual Studio directly</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-204">[Get started with Azure and ASP.NET](app-service-web-get-started-dotnet.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-204">[Get started with Azure and ASP.NET](app-service-web-get-started-dotnet.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-205">How to create and deploy a simple ASP.NET MVC web project by using Visual Studio and Web Deploy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-205">How to create and deploy a simple ASP.NET MVC web project by using Visual Studio and Web Deploy.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-206">[How to Deploy Azure WebJobs using Visual Studio](websites-dotnet-deploy-webjobs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-206">[How to Deploy Azure WebJobs using Visual Studio](websites-dotnet-deploy-webjobs.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-207">How to configure Console Application projects so that they deploy as WebJobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-207">How to configure Console Application projects so that they deploy as WebJobs.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-208">[Deploy a Secure ASP.NET MVC 5 app with Membership, OAuth, and SQL Database to Web Apps](web-sites-dotnet-deploy-aspnet-mvc-app-membership-oauth-sql-database.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-208">[Deploy a Secure ASP.NET MVC 5 app with Membership, OAuth, and SQL Database to Web Apps](web-sites-dotnet-deploy-aspnet-mvc-app-membership-oauth-sql-database.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-209">How to create and deploy an ASP.NET MVC web project with a SQL database, by using Visual Studio, Web Deploy, and Entity Framework Code First Migrations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-209">How to create and deploy an ASP.NET MVC web project with a SQL database, by using Visual Studio, Web Deploy, and Entity Framework Code First Migrations.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-210">[ASP.NET Web Deployment using Visual Studio](http://www.asp.net/mvc/tutorials/deployment/visual-studio-web-deployment/introduction).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-210">[ASP.NET Web Deployment using Visual Studio](http://www.asp.net/mvc/tutorials/deployment/visual-studio-web-deployment/introduction).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-211">A 12-part tutorial series that covers a more complete range of deployment tasks than the others in this list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-211">A 12-part tutorial series that covers a more complete range of deployment tasks than the others in this list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-212">Some Azure deployment features have been added since the tutorial was written, but notes added later explain what's missing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-212">Some Azure deployment features have been added since the tutorial was written, but notes added later explain what's missing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-213">[Deploying an ASP.NET Website to Azure in Visual Studio 2012 from a Git Repository directly](http://www.dotnetcurry.com/ShowArticle.aspx?ID=881).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-213">[Deploying an ASP.NET Website to Azure in Visual Studio 2012 from a Git Repository directly](http://www.dotnetcurry.com/ShowArticle.aspx?ID=881).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-214">Explains how to deploy an ASP.NET web project in Visual Studio, using the Git plug-in to commit the code to Git and connecting Azure to the Git repository.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-214">Explains how to deploy an ASP.NET web project in Visual Studio, using the Git plug-in to commit the code to Git and connecting Azure to the Git repository.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-215">Starting in Visual Studio 2013, Git support is built-in and doesn't require installation of a plug-in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-215">Starting in Visual Studio 2013, Git support is built-in and doesn't require installation of a plug-in.</span></span>

### <a name="aztk"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-216">How to deploy using the Azure Toolkits for Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-216">How to deploy using the Azure Toolkits for Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-217">Microsoft makes it possible to deploy Web Apps to Azure directly from Eclipse and IntelliJ via the [Azure Toolkit for Eclipse](../azure-toolkit-for-eclipse.md) and [Azure Toolkit for IntelliJ](../azure-toolkit-for-intellij.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-217">Microsoft makes it possible to deploy Web Apps to Azure directly from Eclipse and IntelliJ via the [Azure Toolkit for Eclipse](../azure-toolkit-for-eclipse.md) and [Azure Toolkit for IntelliJ](../azure-toolkit-for-intellij.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-218">The following tutorials illustrate the steps that are involved in deploying simple a "Hello" world Web App to Azure using either IDE:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-218">The following tutorials illustrate the steps that are involved in deploying simple a "Hello" world Web App to Azure using either IDE:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-219">[Create a Hello World Web App for Azure in Eclipse](app-service-web-eclipse-create-hello-world-web-app.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-219">[Create a Hello World Web App for Azure in Eclipse](app-service-web-eclipse-create-hello-world-web-app.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-220">This tutorial shows you how to use the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse to create and deploy a Hello World Web App for Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-220">This tutorial shows you how to use the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse to create and deploy a Hello World Web App for Azure.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-221">[Create a Hello World Web App for Azure in IntelliJ](app-service-web-intellij-create-hello-world-web-app.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-221">[Create a Hello World Web App for Azure in IntelliJ](app-service-web-intellij-create-hello-world-web-app.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-222">This tutorial shows you how to use the Azure Toolkit for IntelliJ to create and deploy a Hello World Web App for Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-222">This tutorial shows you how to use the Azure Toolkit for IntelliJ to create and deploy a Hello World Web App for Azure.</span></span>

## <a name="automate"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-223">Automate deployment by using command-line tools</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-223">Automate deployment by using command-line tools</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-224">If you prefer the command-line terminal as the development environment of choice, you can script deployment tasks for your App Service app using command-line tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-224">If you prefer the command-line terminal as the development environment of choice, you can script deployment tasks for your App Service app using command-line tools.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-225">Pros of deploying by using command-line tools are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-225">Pros of deploying by using command-line tools are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-226">Enables scripted deployment scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-226">Enables scripted deployment scenarios.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-227">Integrate provisioning of Azure resources and code deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-227">Integrate provisioning of Azure resources and code deployment.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-228">Integrate Azure deployment into existing continous integration scripts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-228">Integrate Azure deployment into existing continous integration scripts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-229">Cons of deploying by using command-line tools are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-229">Cons of deploying by using command-line tools are:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="81adf-230">Not for GUI-preferring developers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-230">Not for GUI-preferring developers.</span></span>

### <a name="automatehow"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-231">How to automate deployment with command-line tools</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-231">How to automate deployment with command-line tools</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-232">See [Automate deployment of your Azure app with command-line tools](app-service-deploy-command-line.md) for a list of command-line tools and links to tutorials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-232">See [Automate deployment of your Azure app with command-line tools](app-service-deploy-command-line.md) for a list of command-line tools and links to tutorials.</span></span> 

## <a name="nextsteps"></a><span data-ttu-id="81adf-233">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-233">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="81adf-234">In some scenarios you might want to be able to easily switch back and forth between a staging and a production version of your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-234">In some scenarios you might want to be able to easily switch back and forth between a staging and a production version of your app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-235">For more information, see [Staged Deployment on Web Apps](web-sites-staged-publishing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-235">For more information, see [Staged Deployment on Web Apps](web-sites-staged-publishing.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-236">Having a backup and restore plan in place is an important part of any deployment workflow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-236">Having a backup and restore plan in place is an important part of any deployment workflow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="81adf-237">For information about the App Service backup and restore feature, see [Web Apps Backups](web-sites-backup.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-237">For information about the App Service backup and restore feature, see [Web Apps Backups](web-sites-backup.md).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="81adf-238">For information about how to use Azure's Role-Based Access Control to manage access to App Service deployment, see [RBAC and Web App Publishing](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2015/01/05/rbac-and-azure-websites-publishing/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="81adf-238">For information about how to use Azure's Role-Based Access Control to manage access to App Service deployment, see [RBAC and Web App Publishing](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2015/01/05/rbac-and-azure-websites-publishing/).</span></span>

