---
title: Controlling Azure web app traffic with Azure Traffic Manager
description: This article provides summary information for  Azure Traffic Manager as it relates to Azure web apps.
services: app-service\web
documentationcenter: ''
author: cephalin
writer: cephalin
manager: erikre
editor: mollybos
ms.assetid: dabda633-e72f-4dd4-bf1c-6e945da456fd
ms.service: app-service-web
ms.workload: web
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/25/2016
ms.author: cephalin
ms.openlocfilehash: a6fae400386930a01222ce4b0e648f17ff0fbf08
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554368"
---
# <a name="controlling-azure-web-app-traffic-with-azure-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="a890b-103">Controlling Azure web app traffic with Azure Traffic Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-103">Controlling Azure web app traffic with Azure Traffic Manager</span></span>
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-104">This article provides summary information for Microsoft Azure Traffic Manager as it relates to Azure App Service Web Apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-104">This article provides summary information for Microsoft Azure Traffic Manager as it relates to Azure App Service Web Apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-105">More information about Azure Traffic Manager itself can be found by visiting the links at the end of this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-105">More information about Azure Traffic Manager itself can be found by visiting the links at the end of this article.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="introduction"></a><span data-ttu-id="a890b-106">Introduction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-106">Introduction</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a890b-107">You can use Azure Traffic Manager to control how requests from web clients are distributed to web apps in Azure App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-107">You can use Azure Traffic Manager to control how requests from web clients are distributed to web apps in Azure App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-108">When web app endpoints are added to a Azure Traffic Manager profile, Azure Traffic Manager keeps track of the status of your web apps (running, stopped or deleted) so that it can decide which of those endpoints should receive traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-108">When web app endpoints are added to a Azure Traffic Manager profile, Azure Traffic Manager keeps track of the status of your web apps (running, stopped or deleted) so that it can decide which of those endpoints should receive traffic.</span></span>

## <a name="load-balancing-methods"></a><span data-ttu-id="a890b-109">Load Balancing Methods</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-109">Load Balancing Methods</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a890b-110">Azure Traffic Manager uses three different load balancing methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-110">Azure Traffic Manager uses three different load balancing methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-111">These are described  in the following list as they pertain to Azure web apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-111">These are described  in the following list as they pertain to Azure web apps.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-112">**Failover**: If you have web app clones in different regions, you can use this method to configure one web app to service all web client traffic, and configure another web app in a different region to service that traffic in case the first web app becomes unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-112">**Failover**: If you have web app clones in different regions, you can use this method to configure one web app to service all web client traffic, and configure another web app in a different region to service that traffic in case the first web app becomes unavailable.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-113">**Round Robin**: If you have web app clones in different regions, you can use this method to distribute traffic equally across the web apps in different regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-113">**Round Robin**: If you have web app clones in different regions, you can use this method to distribute traffic equally across the web apps in different regions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-114">**Performance**: The Performance method distributes traffic based on the shortest round trip time to clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-114">**Performance**: The Performance method distributes traffic based on the shortest round trip time to clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-115">The Performance method can be used for web apps within the same region or in different regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-115">The Performance method can be used for web apps within the same region or in different regions.</span></span>

## <a name="web-apps-and-traffic-manager-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="a890b-116">Web Apps and Traffic Manager Profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-116">Web Apps and Traffic Manager Profiles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a890b-117">To configure the control of web app traffic, you create a profile in Azure Traffic Manager that uses one of the three load balancing methods described previously, and then add the endpoints (in this case, web apps) for which you want to control traffic to the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-117">To configure the control of web app traffic, you create a profile in Azure Traffic Manager that uses one of the three load balancing methods described previously, and then add the endpoints (in this case, web apps) for which you want to control traffic to the profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-118">Your web app status (running, stopped or deleted) is regularly communicated to the profile so that Azure Traffic Manager can direct traffic accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-118">Your web app status (running, stopped or deleted) is regularly communicated to the profile so that Azure Traffic Manager can direct traffic accordingly.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a890b-119">When using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure, keep in mind the following points:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-119">When using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure, keep in mind the following points:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-120">For web app only deployments within the same region, Web Apps already provides failover and round-robin functionality without regard to web app mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-120">For web app only deployments within the same region, Web Apps already provides failover and round-robin functionality without regard to web app mode.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-121">For deployments in the same region that use Web Apps in conjunction with another Azure cloud service, you can combine both types of endpoints to enable hybrid scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-121">For deployments in the same region that use Web Apps in conjunction with another Azure cloud service, you can combine both types of endpoints to enable hybrid scenarios.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-122">You can only specify one web app endpoint per region in a profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-122">You can only specify one web app endpoint per region in a profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-123">When you select a web app as an endpoint for one region, the remaining web apps in that region become unavailable for selection for that profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-123">When you select a web app as an endpoint for one region, the remaining web apps in that region become unavailable for selection for that profile.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-124">The web app endpoints that you specify in a Azure Traffic Manager profile will appear under the **Domain Names** section on the Configure page for the web app in the profile, but will not be configurable there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-124">The web app endpoints that you specify in a Azure Traffic Manager profile will appear under the **Domain Names** section on the Configure page for the web app in the profile, but will not be configurable there.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-125">After you add a web app to a profile, the **Site URL** on the Dashboard of the web app's portal page will display the custom domain URL of the web app if you have set one up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-125">After you add a web app to a profile, the **Site URL** on the Dashboard of the web app's portal page will display the custom domain URL of the web app if you have set one up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-126">Otherwise, it will display the Traffic Manager profile URL (for example, `contoso.trafficmgr.com`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-126">Otherwise, it will display the Traffic Manager profile URL (for example, `contoso.trafficmgr.com`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-127">Both the direct domain name of the web app and the Traffic Manager URL will be visible on the web app's Configure page under the **Domain Names** section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-127">Both the direct domain name of the web app and the Traffic Manager URL will be visible on the web app's Configure page under the **Domain Names** section.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-128">Your custom domain names will work as expected, but in addition to adding them to your web apps, you must also configure your DNS map to point to the Traffic Manager URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-128">Your custom domain names will work as expected, but in addition to adding them to your web apps, you must also configure your DNS map to point to the Traffic Manager URL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a890b-129">For information on how to set up a custom domain for a Azure web app,  see [Configuring a custom domain name for an Azure web site](web-sites-custom-domain-name.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-129">For information on how to set up a custom domain for a Azure web app,  see [Configuring a custom domain name for an Azure web site](web-sites-custom-domain-name.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a890b-130">You can only add web apps that are in standard mode to a Azure Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-130">You can only add web apps that are in standard mode to a Azure Traffic Manager profile.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="a890b-131">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-131">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a890b-132">For a conceptual and technical overview of Azure Traffic Manager, see [Traffic Manager Overview](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-132">For a conceptual and technical overview of Azure Traffic Manager, see [Traffic Manager Overview](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a890b-133">For more information about using Traffic Manager with Web Apps, see the blog posts [Using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure Web Sites](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/waws/archive/2014/03/18/using-windows-azure-traffic-manager-with-waws.aspx) and [Azure Traffic Manager can now integrate with Azure Web Sites](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/03/27/azure-traffic-manager-can-now-integrate-with-azure-web-sites/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a890b-133">For more information about using Traffic Manager with Web Apps, see the blog posts [Using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure Web Sites](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/waws/archive/2014/03/18/using-windows-azure-traffic-manager-with-waws.aspx) and [Azure Traffic Manager can now integrate with Azure Web Sites](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/03/27/azure-traffic-manager-can-now-integrate-with-azure-web-sites/).</span></span>

