---
title: Secure an app in Azure App Service
description: Learn how to secure a web app, mobile app backend, or API app in Azure App Service.
services: app-service
documentationcenter: ''
author: cephalin
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 5ce560b4-42d7-4b20-935c-0445fd539e39
ms.service: app-service
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: multiple
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 01/12/2016
ms.author: cephalin
ms.openlocfilehash: c1956e97444077f197ab5d0fd67097ddea0f7244
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44670686"
---
# <a name="secure-an-app-in-azure-app-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-103">Secure an app in Azure App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-103">Secure an app in Azure App Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-104">This article helps you get started on securing your web app, mobile app backend, or API app in Azure App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-104">This article helps you get started on securing your web app, mobile app backend, or API app in Azure App Service.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-105">Security in Azure App Service has two levels:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-105">Security in Azure App Service has two levels:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-106">**Infrastructure and platform security** - You trust Azure to have the services you need to actually run things securely in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-106">**Infrastructure and platform security** - You trust Azure to have the services you need to actually run things securely in the cloud.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-107">**Application security** - You need to design the app itself securely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-107">**Application security** - You need to design the app itself securely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-108">This includes how you integrate with Azure Active Directory, how you manage certificates, and how you make sure that you can securely talk to different services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-108">This includes how you integrate with Azure Active Directory, how you manage certificates, and how you make sure that you can securely talk to different services.</span></span> 

#### <a name="infrastructure-and-platform-security"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-109">Infrastructure and platform security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-109">Infrastructure and platform security</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-110">Because App Service maintains the Azure VMs, storage, network connections, web frameworks, management and integration features and much more, it is actively secured and hardened and goes through vigorous compliance and checks on a continuous basis to make sure that:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-110">Because App Service maintains the Azure VMs, storage, network connections, web frameworks, management and integration features and much more, it is actively secured and hardened and goes through vigorous compliance and checks on a continuous basis to make sure that:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-111">Your App Service apps are isolated from both the Internet and from the other customers' Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-111">Your App Service apps are isolated from both the Internet and from the other customers' Azure resources.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-112">Communication of secrets (e.g. connection strings) between your App Service app and other Azure resources (e.g. SQL Database) in a resource group stays within Azure and doesn't cross any network boundaries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-112">Communication of secrets (e.g. connection strings) between your App Service app and other Azure resources (e.g. SQL Database) in a resource group stays within Azure and doesn't cross any network boundaries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-113">Secrets are always encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-113">Secrets are always encrypted.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-114">All communication between your App Service app and external resources, such as PowerShell management, command-line interface, Azure SDKs, REST APIs, and hybrid connections, are properly encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-114">All communication between your App Service app and external resources, such as PowerShell management, command-line interface, Azure SDKs, REST APIs, and hybrid connections, are properly encrypted.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-115">24-hour threat management protects App Service resources from malware, distributed denial-of-service (DDoS), man-in-the-middle (MITM), and other threats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-115">24-hour threat management protects App Service resources from malware, distributed denial-of-service (DDoS), man-in-the-middle (MITM), and other threats.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-116">For more information on infrastructure and platform security in Azure, see [Azure Trust Center](/support/trust-center/security/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-116">For more information on infrastructure and platform security in Azure, see [Azure Trust Center](/support/trust-center/security/).</span></span>

#### <a name="application-security"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-117">Application security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-117">Application security</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-118">While Azure is responsible for securing the infrastructure and platform that your application runs on, it is your responsibility to secure your application itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-118">While Azure is responsible for securing the infrastructure and platform that your application runs on, it is your responsibility to secure your application itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-119">In other words, you need to develop, deploy, and manage your application code and content in a secure way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-119">In other words, you need to develop, deploy, and manage your application code and content in a secure way.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-120">Without this, your application code or content can still be vulnerable to threats such as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-120">Without this, your application code or content can still be vulnerable to threats such as:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-121">SQL Injection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-121">SQL Injection</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-122">Session hijacking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-122">Session hijacking</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-123">Cross-site-scripting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-123">Cross-site-scripting</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-124">Application-level MITM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-124">Application-level MITM</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-125">Application-level DDoS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-125">Application-level DDoS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-126">A full discussion of security considerations for web-based applications is beyond the scope of this document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-126">A full discussion of security considerations for web-based applications is beyond the scope of this document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-127">As a starting point for further guidance on securing your application, see the [Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP)](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Main_Page), specifically the [top 10 project.](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Top_Ten_Project), which lists the current top 10 critical web application security flaws, as determined by OWASP members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-127">As a starting point for further guidance on securing your application, see the [Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP)](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Main_Page), specifically the [top 10 project.](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Top_Ten_Project), which lists the current top 10 critical web application security flaws, as determined by OWASP members.</span></span>

## <a name="perform-penetration-testing-on-your-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-128">Perform penetration testing on your app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-128">Perform penetration testing on your app</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-129">One of the easiest ways to get started with testing for vulnerabilities on your App Service app is to use the [integration with Tinfoil Security](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/web-vulnerability-scanning-for-azure-app-service-powered-by-tinfoil-security/) to perform one-click vulnerability scanning on your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-129">One of the easiest ways to get started with testing for vulnerabilities on your App Service app is to use the [integration with Tinfoil Security](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/web-vulnerability-scanning-for-azure-app-service-powered-by-tinfoil-security/) to perform one-click vulnerability scanning on your app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-130">You can view the test results in an easy-to-understand report, and learn how to fix each vulnerability with step-by-step instructions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-130">You can view the test results in an easy-to-understand report, and learn how to fix each vulnerability with step-by-step instructions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-131">If you prefer to perform your own penetration tests or want to use another scanner suite or provider, you must follow the [Azure penetration testing approval process](https://security-forms.azure.com/penetration-testing/terms) and obtain prior approval to perform the desired penetration tests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-131">If you prefer to perform your own penetration tests or want to use another scanner suite or provider, you must follow the [Azure penetration testing approval process](https://security-forms.azure.com/penetration-testing/terms) and obtain prior approval to perform the desired penetration tests.</span></span>

## <a name="https"></a> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-132">Secure communication with customers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-132">Secure communication with customers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-133">If you use the **\*.azurewebsites.net** domain name created for your App Service app, you can immediately use HTTPS, as an SSL certificate is provided for all **\*.azurewebsites.net** domain names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-133">If you use the **\*.azurewebsites.net** domain name created for your App Service app, you can immediately use HTTPS, as an SSL certificate is provided for all **\*.azurewebsites.net** domain names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-134">If your site uses a [custom domain name](web-sites-custom-domain-name.md), you can upload an SSL certificate to [enable HTTPS](web-sites-configure-ssl-certificate.md) for the custom domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-134">If your site uses a [custom domain name](web-sites-custom-domain-name.md), you can upload an SSL certificate to [enable HTTPS](web-sites-configure-ssl-certificate.md) for the custom domain.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-135">Enabling [HTTPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS) can help protect against MITM attacks on the communication between your app and its users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-135">Enabling [HTTPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS) can help protect against MITM attacks on the communication between your app and its users.</span></span>

## <a name="secure-data-tier"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-136">Secure data tier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-136">Secure data tier</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-137">App Service highly integrates with SQL Database, such that all the connection strings are encrypted across the board and are only decrypted on the VM that the app runs on *and* only when the app runs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-137">App Service highly integrates with SQL Database, such that all the connection strings are encrypted across the board and are only decrypted on the VM that the app runs on *and* only when the app runs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-138">In addition, Azure SQL Database includes many security features to help you secure your application data from cyber threats, including [at-rest encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn948096.aspx), [Always Encrypted](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt163865.aspx), [Dynamic Data Masking](../sql-database/sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started.md), and [Threat Detection](../sql-database/sql-database-threat-detection.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-138">In addition, Azure SQL Database includes many security features to help you secure your application data from cyber threats, including [at-rest encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn948096.aspx), [Always Encrypted](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt163865.aspx), [Dynamic Data Masking](../sql-database/sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started.md), and [Threat Detection](../sql-database/sql-database-threat-detection.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-139">If you have sensitive data or compliance requirements, see [Securing your SQL Database](../sql-database/sql-database-security-overview.md) for more information on how to secure your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-139">If you have sensitive data or compliance requirements, see [Securing your SQL Database](../sql-database/sql-database-security-overview.md) for more information on how to secure your data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-140">If you use a third-party database provider, such as ClearDB, you should consult with the provider's documentation directly on security best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-140">If you use a third-party database provider, such as ClearDB, you should consult with the provider's documentation directly on security best practices.</span></span>  

## <a name="develop"></a> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-141">Secure development and deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-141">Secure development and deployment</span></span>
### <a name="publishing-profiles-and-publish-settings"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-142">Publishing profiles and publish settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-142">Publishing profiles and publish settings</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-143">When developing applications, performing management tasks, or automating tasks using utilities such as **Visual Studio**, **Web Matrix**, **Azure PowerShell** or the **Azure Command-Line Interface (Azure CLI)**, you can use either a *publish settings* file or a *publishing profile*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-143">When developing applications, performing management tasks, or automating tasks using utilities such as **Visual Studio**, **Web Matrix**, **Azure PowerShell** or the **Azure Command-Line Interface (Azure CLI)**, you can use either a *publish settings* file or a *publishing profile*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-144">Both file types authenticate you with Azure, and should be secured to prevent unauthorized access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-144">Both file types authenticate you with Azure, and should be secured to prevent unauthorized access.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-145">A **publish settings** file contains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-145">A **publish settings** file contains</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5239-146">Your Azure subscription ID</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-146">Your Azure subscription ID</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5239-147">A management certificate that allows you to perform management tasks for your subscription *without having to provide an account name or password*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-147">A management certificate that allows you to perform management tasks for your subscription *without having to provide an account name or password*.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-148">A **publishing profile** file contains</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-148">A **publishing profile** file contains</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5239-149">Information for publishing to your app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-149">Information for publishing to your app</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-150">If you use a utility that uses a publish settings file or publish profile file, import the file containing the publish settings or profile into the utility and then **delete** the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-150">If you use a utility that uses a publish settings file or publish profile file, import the file containing the publish settings or profile into the utility and then **delete** the file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-151">If you must keep the file, to share with others working on the project for example, store it in a secure location such as an *encrypted* directory with restricted permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-151">If you must keep the file, to share with others working on the project for example, store it in a secure location such as an *encrypted* directory with restricted permissions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-152">Additionally, you should make sure the imported credentials are secured.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-152">Additionally, you should make sure the imported credentials are secured.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-153">For example, **Azure PowerShell** and the **Azure Command-Line Interface (Azure CLI)** both store imported information in your **home directory** (*~* on Linux or OS X systems and */users/yourusername* on Windows systems.) For extra security, you may wish to **encrypt** these locations using encryption tools available for your operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-153">For example, **Azure PowerShell** and the **Azure Command-Line Interface (Azure CLI)** both store imported information in your **home directory** (*~* on Linux or OS X systems and */users/yourusername* on Windows systems.) For extra security, you may wish to **encrypt** these locations using encryption tools available for your operating system.</span></span>

### <a name="configuration-settings-and-connection-strings"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-154">Configuration settings, and connection strings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-154">Configuration settings, and connection strings</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-155">It's common practice to store connection strings, authentication credentials, and other sensitive information in configuration files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-155">It's common practice to store connection strings, authentication credentials, and other sensitive information in configuration files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-156">Unfortunately, these files may be exposed on your website, or checked into a public repository, exposing this information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-156">Unfortunately, these files may be exposed on your website, or checked into a public repository, exposing this information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-157">A simple search on [GitHub](https://github.com), for example, can uncover countless configuration files with exposed secrets in the public repositories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-157">A simple search on [GitHub](https://github.com), for example, can uncover countless configuration files with exposed secrets in the public repositories.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-158">The best practice is to keep this information out of your app's configuration files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-158">The best practice is to keep this information out of your app's configuration files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-159">App Service lets you store configuration information as part of the runtime environment as **app settings** and **connection strings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-159">App Service lets you store configuration information as part of the runtime environment as **app settings** and **connection strings**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-160">The values are exposed to your application at runtime through *environment variables* for most programming languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-160">The values are exposed to your application at runtime through *environment variables* for most programming languages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-161">For .NET applications, these values are injected into your .NET configuration at runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-161">For .NET applications, these values are injected into your .NET configuration at runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-162">Apart from these situations, these configuration settings will remain encrypted unless you view or configure them using the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or utilities such as PowerShell or the Azure CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-162">Apart from these situations, these configuration settings will remain encrypted unless you view or configure them using the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or utilities such as PowerShell or the Azure CLI.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-163">Storing configuration information in App Service makes it possible for the app's administrator to lock down sensitive information for the production apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-163">Storing configuration information in App Service makes it possible for the app's administrator to lock down sensitive information for the production apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-164">Developers can use a separate set of configuration settings for app development and the settings can be automatically superseded by the settings configured in App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-164">Developers can use a separate set of configuration settings for app development and the settings can be automatically superseded by the settings configured in App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-165">Not even the developers need to know the secrets configured for the production app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-165">Not even the developers need to know the secrets configured for the production app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-166">For more information on configuring app settings and connection strings in App Service, see [Configuring web apps](web-sites-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-166">For more information on configuring app settings and connection strings in App Service, see [Configuring web apps](web-sites-configure.md).</span></span>

### <a name="ftps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-167">FTPS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-167">FTPS</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-168">Azure App Service provides secure FTP access to the file system for your app through **FTPS**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-168">Azure App Service provides secure FTP access to the file system for your app through **FTPS**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-169">This allows you to securely access the application code on the web app as well as diagnostics logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-169">This allows you to securely access the application code on the web app as well as diagnostics logs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-170">It is recommended that you always use FTPS instead of FTP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-170">It is recommended that you always use FTPS instead of FTP.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-171">The FTPS link for your app can be found with the following steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-171">The FTPS link for your app can be found with the following steps:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="f5239-172">Open the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-172">Open the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f5239-173">Select **Browse All**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-173">Select **Browse All**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f5239-174">From the **Browse** blade, select **App Services**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-174">From the **Browse** blade, select **App Services**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f5239-175">From the **App Services** blade, Select the desired app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-175">From the **App Services** blade, Select the desired app.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f5239-176">From the app's blade, select **All settings**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-176">From the app's blade, select **All settings**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="f5239-177">From the **Settings** blade, select **Properties**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-177">From the **Settings** blade, select **Properties**.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="f5239-178">The FTP and FTPS links are provided on the **Settings** blade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-178">The FTP and FTPS links are provided on the **Settings** blade.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-179">For more information on FTPS, see [File Transfer Protocol](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-179">For more information on FTPS, see [File Transfer Protocol](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-180">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-180">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5239-181">For more information on the security of the Azure platform, information on reporting a **security incident or abuse**, or to inform Microsoft that you will be performing **penetration testing** of your site, see the security section of the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/security/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-181">For more information on the security of the Azure platform, information on reporting a **security incident or abuse**, or to inform Microsoft that you will be performing **penetration testing** of your site, see the security section of the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/security/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-182">For more information on **web.config** or **applicationhost.config** files in App Service apps, see [Configuration options unlocked in Azure App Service web apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/01/28/more-to-explore-configuration-options-unlocked-in-windows-azure-web-sites/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-182">For more information on **web.config** or **applicationhost.config** files in App Service apps, see [Configuration options unlocked in Azure App Service web apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/01/28/more-to-explore-configuration-options-unlocked-in-windows-azure-web-sites/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f5239-183">For information on logging information for App Service apps, which may be useful in detecting attacks, see [Enable diagnostic logging](web-sites-enable-diagnostic-log.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-183">For information on logging information for App Service apps, which may be useful in detecting attacks, see [Enable diagnostic logging](web-sites-enable-diagnostic-log.md).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-184">If you want to get started with Azure App Service before signing up for an Azure account, go to [Try App Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/app-service/), where you can immediately create a short-lived starter app in App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-184">If you want to get started with Azure App Service before signing up for an Azure account, go to [Try App Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/app-service/), where you can immediately create a short-lived starter app in App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5239-185">No credit cards required; no commitments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-185">No credit cards required; no commitments.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="whats-changed"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5239-186">What's changed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-186">What's changed</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5239-187">For a guide to the change from Websites to App Service see: [Azure App Service and Its Impact on Existing Azure Services](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=529714)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5239-187">For a guide to the change from Websites to App Service see: [Azure App Service and Its Impact on Existing Azure Services](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=529714)</span></span>

