---
title: Azure IoT Hub high availability and disaster recovery | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes the Azure and IoT Hub features that help you to build highly available Azure IoT solutions with disaster recovery capabilities.
services: iot-hub
documentationcenter: ''
author: fsautomata
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ae320e58-aa20-45b9-abdc-fa4faae8e6dd
ms.service: iot-hub
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 11/16/2016
ms.author: elioda
ms.openlocfilehash: 76c3187549e1821908263c30e394db26ee6f75e6
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550039"
---
# <a name="iot-hub-high-availability-and-disaster-recovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="3782a-103">IoT Hub high availability and disaster recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-103">IoT Hub high availability and disaster recovery</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3782a-104">As an Azure service, IoT Hub provides high availability (HA) using redundancies at the Azure region level, without any additional work required by the solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-104">As an Azure service, IoT Hub provides high availability (HA) using redundancies at the Azure region level, without any additional work required by the solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-105">The Microsoft Azure platform also includes features to help you build solutions with disaster recovery (DR) capabilities or cross-region availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-105">The Microsoft Azure platform also includes features to help you build solutions with disaster recovery (DR) capabilities or cross-region availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-106">If you want to provide global, cross-region high availability for devices or users, design and prepare your solutions to take advantage of these Azure DR features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-106">If you want to provide global, cross-region high availability for devices or users, design and prepare your solutions to take advantage of these Azure DR features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-107">The article [Azure Business Continuity Technical Guidance](../resiliency/resiliency-technical-guidance.md) describes the built-in features in Azure for business continuity and DR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-107">The article [Azure Business Continuity Technical Guidance](../resiliency/resiliency-technical-guidance.md) describes the built-in features in Azure for business continuity and DR.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-108">The [Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications][Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications] paper provides architecture guidance on strategies for Azure applications to achieve HA and DR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-108">The [Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications][Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications] paper provides architecture guidance on strategies for Azure applications to achieve HA and DR.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-iot-hub-dr"></a><span data-ttu-id="3782a-109">Azure IoT Hub DR</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-109">Azure IoT Hub DR</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3782a-110">In addition to intra-region HA, IoT Hub implements failover mechanisms for disaster recovery that require no intervention from the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-110">In addition to intra-region HA, IoT Hub implements failover mechanisms for disaster recovery that require no intervention from the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-111">IoT Hub DR is self-initiated and has a recovery time objective (RTO) of 2-26 hours, and the following recovery point objectives (RPOs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-111">IoT Hub DR is self-initiated and has a recovery time objective (RTO) of 2-26 hours, and the following recovery point objectives (RPOs).</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="3782a-112">Functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-112">Functionality</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="3782a-113">RPO</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-113">RPO</span></span> |
| --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="3782a-114">Service availability for registry and communication operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-114">Service availability for registry and communication operations</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="3782a-115">Possible CName loss</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-115">Possible CName loss</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3782a-116">Identity data in identity registry</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-116">Identity data in identity registry</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="3782a-117">0-5 mins data loss</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-117">0-5 mins data loss</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3782a-118">Device-to-cloud messages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-118">Device-to-cloud messages</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="3782a-119">All unread messages are lost</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-119">All unread messages are lost</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3782a-120">Operations monitoring messages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-120">Operations monitoring messages</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="3782a-121">All unread messages are lost</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-121">All unread messages are lost</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3782a-122">Cloud-to-device messages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-122">Cloud-to-device messages</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="3782a-123">0-5 mins data loss</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-123">0-5 mins data loss</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3782a-124">Cloud-to-device feedback queue</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-124">Cloud-to-device feedback queue</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="3782a-125">All unread messages are lost</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-125">All unread messages are lost</span></span> |

## <a name="regional-failover-with-iot-hub"></a><span data-ttu-id="3782a-126">Regional failover with IoT Hub</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-126">Regional failover with IoT Hub</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3782a-127">A complete treatment of deployment topologies in IoT solutions is outside the scope of this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-127">A complete treatment of deployment topologies in IoT solutions is outside the scope of this article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-128">The article discusses the *regional failover* deployment model for the purpose of high availability and disaster recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-128">The article discusses the *regional failover* deployment model for the purpose of high availability and disaster recovery.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3782a-129">In a regional failover model, the solution back end runs primarily in one datacenter location, and a secondary IoT hub and back end are deployed in another datacenter location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-129">In a regional failover model, the solution back end runs primarily in one datacenter location, and a secondary IoT hub and back end are deployed in another datacenter location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-130">If the IoT hub in the primary datacenter suffers an outage or the network connectivity from the device to the primary datacenter is interrupted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-130">If the IoT hub in the primary datacenter suffers an outage or the network connectivity from the device to the primary datacenter is interrupted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-131">Devices use a secondary service endpoint whenever the primary gateway cannot be reached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-131">Devices use a secondary service endpoint whenever the primary gateway cannot be reached.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-132">With a cross-region failover capability, the solution availability can be improved beyond the high availability of a single region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-132">With a cross-region failover capability, the solution availability can be improved beyond the high availability of a single region.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3782a-133">At a high level, to implement a regional failover model with IoT Hub, you need the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-133">At a high level, to implement a regional failover model with IoT Hub, you need the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="3782a-134">**A secondary IoT hub and device routing logic**: In the case of a service disruption in your primary region, devices must start connecting to your secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-134">**A secondary IoT hub and device routing logic**: In the case of a service disruption in your primary region, devices must start connecting to your secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-135">Given the state-aware nature of most services involved, it is common for solution administrators to trigger the inter-region failover process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-135">Given the state-aware nature of most services involved, it is common for solution administrators to trigger the inter-region failover process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-136">The best way to communicate the new endpoint to devices, while maintaining control of the process, is to have them regularly check a *concierge* service for the current active endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-136">The best way to communicate the new endpoint to devices, while maintaining control of the process, is to have them regularly check a *concierge* service for the current active endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-137">The concierge service can be a web application that is replicated and kept reachable using DNS-redirection techniques (for example, using [Azure Traffic Manager][Azure Traffic Manager]).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-137">The concierge service can be a web application that is replicated and kept reachable using DNS-redirection techniques (for example, using [Azure Traffic Manager][Azure Traffic Manager]).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3782a-138">**Identity registry replication** - To be usable, the secondary IoT hub must contain all device identities that can connect to the solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-138">**Identity registry replication** - To be usable, the secondary IoT hub must contain all device identities that can connect to the solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-139">The solution should keep geo-replicated backups of device identities, and upload them to the secondary IoT hub before switching the active endpoint for the devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-139">The solution should keep geo-replicated backups of device identities, and upload them to the secondary IoT hub before switching the active endpoint for the devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-140">The device identity export functionality of IoT Hub is useful in this context.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-140">The device identity export functionality of IoT Hub is useful in this context.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-141">For more information, see [IoT Hub developer guide - identity registry][IoT Hub developer guide - identity registry].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-141">For more information, see [IoT Hub developer guide - identity registry][IoT Hub developer guide - identity registry].</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3782a-142">**Merging logic** - When the primary region becomes available again, all the state and data that have been created in the secondary site must be migrated back to the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-142">**Merging logic** - When the primary region becomes available again, all the state and data that have been created in the secondary site must be migrated back to the primary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-143">This state and data mostly relates to device identities and application metadata, which must be merged with the primary IoT hub and any other application-specific stores in the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-143">This state and data mostly relates to device identities and application metadata, which must be merged with the primary IoT hub and any other application-specific stores in the primary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-144">To simplify this step, you should use idempotent operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-144">To simplify this step, you should use idempotent operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-145">Idempotent operations minimize the side-effects from the eventual consistent distribution of events, and from duplicates or out-of-order delivery of events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-145">Idempotent operations minimize the side-effects from the eventual consistent distribution of events, and from duplicates or out-of-order delivery of events.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-146">In addition, the application logic should be designed to tolerate potential inconsistencies or "slightly" out of date-state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-146">In addition, the application logic should be designed to tolerate potential inconsistencies or "slightly" out of date-state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3782a-147">This situation can occur due to the additional time it takes for the system to "heal" based on recovery point objectives (RPO).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-147">This situation can occur due to the additional time it takes for the system to "heal" based on recovery point objectives (RPO).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="3782a-148">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-148">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3782a-149">Follow these links to learn more about Azure IoT Hub:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-149">Follow these links to learn more about Azure IoT Hub:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="3782a-150">[Get started with IoT Hubs (Tutorial)][lnk-get-started]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-150">[Get started with IoT Hubs (Tutorial)][lnk-get-started]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="3782a-151">[What is Azure IoT Hub?][What is Azure IoT Hub?]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3782a-151">[What is Azure IoT Hub?][What is Azure IoT Hub?]</span></span>

[Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications]: ../resiliency/resiliency-disaster-recovery-high-availability-azure-applications.md
[Azure Business Continuity Technical Guidance]: https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/resiliency-technical-guidance/
[Azure Traffic Manager]: https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/traffic-manager/
[IoT Hub developer guide - identity registry]: iot-hub-devguide-identity-registry.md

[lnk-get-started]: iot-hub-csharp-csharp-getstarted.md
[What is Azure IoT Hub?]: iot-hub-what-is-iot-hub.md
