---
title: Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 Release Notes
description: Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 Release Notes
services: app-service
documentationcenter: .net,nodejs,java
author: Juliako
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 8d3d815f-bb58-447e-8ff0-f9b9603c7b00
ms.service: app-service
ms.devlang: multiple
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: integration
ms.date: 10/10/2016
ms.author: juliako
ms.openlocfilehash: dc7b51cd0d015770b1100e895da633e8bde4b8da
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44660846"
---
# <a name="azure-sdk-for-net-251-release-notes"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5f10-103">Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 Release Notes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-103">Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 Release Notes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5f10-104">This document contains the release notes for the Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-104">This document contains the release notes for the Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 release.</span></span> 

## <a name="azure-sdk-for-net-251-release-notes"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5f10-105">Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 release notes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-105">Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 release notes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f5f10-106">The following are new features and updates in the Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-106">The following are new features and updates in the Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-107">New features\scenarios related to **Web Tools Extensions**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-107">New features\scenarios related to **Web Tools Extensions**.</span></span> 
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-108">Azure Websites was renamed to Azure App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-108">Azure Websites was renamed to Azure App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-109">For more information see, [Azure App Service and existing Azure Services](../app-service-web/app-service-changes-existing-services.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-109">For more information see, [Azure App Service and existing Azure Services](../app-service-web/app-service-changes-existing-services.md).</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-110">Azure API Apps (Preview) support has been added so that customers can publish ASP.NET projects as API Apps, and then use the Add > Azure API App Client gesture in C# projects to generate code based on the structure of the deployed API App.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-110">Azure API Apps (Preview) support has been added so that customers can publish ASP.NET projects as API Apps, and then use the Add > Azure API App Client gesture in C# projects to generate code based on the structure of the deployed API App.</span></span> 
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-111">The Websites node in Server Explorer has been deprecated in lieu of the Azure App Service node, which contains support for Resource Group-based grouping of Azure API Apps, Mobile Apps, and Web Apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-111">The Websites node in Server Explorer has been deprecated in lieu of the Azure App Service node, which contains support for Resource Group-based grouping of Azure API Apps, Mobile Apps, and Web Apps.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-112">Azure Mobile Apps (Preview) support has been added so that customers can create new Mobile Apps projects, add Mobile Apps controllers, publish the projects, and remotely debug applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-112">Azure Mobile Apps (Preview) support has been added so that customers can create new Mobile Apps projects, add Mobile Apps controllers, publish the projects, and remotely debug applications.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-113">Add > Azure API App Client gesture now supports local Swagger JSON files, so Web API developers can use third-party NuGets like Swashbuckle to generate Swagger or author it manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-113">Add > Azure API App Client gesture now supports local Swagger JSON files, so Web API developers can use third-party NuGets like Swashbuckle to generate Swagger or author it manually.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-114">This way, client developers can use the code-generation features to consume any Swagger endpoint in C# projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-114">This way, client developers can use the code-generation features to consume any Swagger endpoint in C# projects.</span></span> 
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-115">Web App and API App publishing dialogs have been enhanced to support the Azure Portal concept of resource grouping, and selection/creation of Azure Resource Groups and App Service Plans are represented in the new Web App and API App provisioning dialog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-115">Web App and API App publishing dialogs have been enhanced to support the Azure Portal concept of resource grouping, and selection/creation of Azure Resource Groups and App Service Plans are represented in the new Web App and API App provisioning dialog.</span></span> 
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-116">Azure API App Server Explorer nodes provide links to the API Apps deep link in the Azure Portal, as well as other features like Log Streaming and Remote Debugging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-116">Azure API App Server Explorer nodes provide links to the API Apps deep link in the Azure Portal, as well as other features like Log Streaming and Remote Debugging.</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-117">For known issues and current limitations in Azure SDK .NET 2.5.1 [this](app-service-release-notes.md#known_issues_2_5_1) section below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-117">For known issues and current limitations in Azure SDK .NET 2.5.1 [this](app-service-release-notes.md#known_issues_2_5_1) section below.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-118">New features\scenarios related to **HDInsight Tools** in Visual Studio are enabled in this release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-118">New features\scenarios related to **HDInsight Tools** in Visual Studio are enabled in this release.</span></span> 
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-119">Local validation of hive scripts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-119">Local validation of hive scripts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-120">Click the Validate script button in the toolbar to see if there are any errors in your script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-120">Click the Validate script button in the toolbar to see if there are any errors in your script.</span></span> 
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-121">Improved debugging of Hive jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-121">Improved debugging of Hive jobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-122">You can now debug Hive jobs by accessing Yarn logs in Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-122">You can now debug Hive jobs by accessing Yarn logs in Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-123">If your application has performance issues, investigating YARN logs will provide useful information..</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-123">If your application has performance issues, investigating YARN logs will provide useful information..</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-124">(Public Preview) Keyword auto-completion and IntelliSense support for Hive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-124">(Public Preview) Keyword auto-completion and IntelliSense support for Hive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-125">To help you author Hive scripts, HDInsight Tools for Visual Studio added keyword auto-completion and IntelliSense support for Hive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-125">To help you author Hive scripts, HDInsight Tools for Visual Studio added keyword auto-completion and IntelliSense support for Hive.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-126">Storm support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-126">Storm support.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-127">You can now use HDInsight Tools for Visual Studio to develop Storm topologies/Spouts/Bolts in C#.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-127">You can now use HDInsight Tools for Visual Studio to develop Storm topologies/Spouts/Bolts in C#.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-128">You can then submit the developed topology to a Storm cluster and see the topology/bolt/spout status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-128">You can then submit the developed topology to a Storm cluster and see the topology/bolt/spout status.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-129">You can use system logs and customer logs to troubleshoot your Storm topologies/Bolts/Spouts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-129">You can use system logs and customer logs to troubleshoot your Storm topologies/Bolts/Spouts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-130">You can also use existing JAVA assets in Storm on HDInsight.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-130">You can also use existing JAVA assets in Storm on HDInsight.</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-131">For more information, see [Get started using HDInsight Hadoop Tools for Visual Studio](../hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-visual-studio-tools-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-131">For more information, see [Get started using HDInsight Hadoop Tools for Visual Studio](../hdinsight/hdinsight-hadoop-visual-studio-tools-get-started.md).</span></span>

## <a id="known_issues_2_5_1"></a><span data-ttu-id="f5f10-132">Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 known issues and limitations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-132">Azure SDK for .NET 2.5.1 known issues and limitations</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-133">Azure API Apps is visible as a deployment target for Mobile Apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-133">Azure API Apps is visible as a deployment target for Mobile Apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-134">Web Apps should be the only destination for Mobile Apps until a subsequent release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-134">Web Apps should be the only destination for Mobile Apps until a subsequent release.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-135">Azure API App provisioning can result in success but intermittently fail to update the progress in the Azure App Service Activity window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-135">Azure API App provisioning can result in success but intermittently fail to update the progress in the Azure App Service Activity window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-136">Workaround is to check status of the new Azure API App in the Azure Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-136">Workaround is to check status of the new Azure API App in the Azure Portal.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-137">File > New Project > API App > F5 experience results in an HTTP error because there is no default/index.html.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-137">File > New Project > API App > F5 experience results in an HTTP error because there is no default/index.html.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-138">Workaround is to manually browse to the /api/values URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-138">Workaround is to manually browse to the /api/values URL.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-139">Intermittently, Server Explorer icons appear flattened.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-139">Intermittently, Server Explorer icons appear flattened.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-140">Restarting VS resolves this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-140">Restarting VS resolves this issue.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-141">If an exception is thrown during Web App or API App provisioning (such as exceeded quota errors or duplicate Azure API App gateway name), the errors show some raw JSON text.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-141">If an exception is thrown during Web App or API App provisioning (such as exceeded quota errors or duplicate Azure API App gateway name), the errors show some raw JSON text.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-142">Intermittent project-creation issues when Application Insights is checked at project creation time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-142">Intermittent project-creation issues when Application Insights is checked at project creation time.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-143">Occasionally, the generated Azure API App Client code is missing namespaces, they need to be manually included (or automatically imported via Visual Studio cues) for code to compile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-143">Occasionally, the generated Azure API App Client code is missing namespaces, they need to be manually included (or automatically imported via Visual Studio cues) for code to compile.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-144">Mobile App projects should be published to web apps, but you must pick a site you created as a Mobile App in the Azure Portal since Mobile App projects require a database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-144">Mobile App projects should be published to web apps, but you must pick a site you created as a Mobile App in the Azure Portal since Mobile App projects require a database.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-145">The start page for Mobile Apps uses the term "mobile service" instead of "mobile apps"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-145">The start page for Mobile Apps uses the term "mobile service" instead of "mobile apps"</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-146">Mobile App project creation may take up to a minute to create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-146">Mobile App project creation may take up to a minute to create.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-147">During API App provisioning (in some cases) an error comes back from the Azure API reflecting that the permissions could not be set properly, while the API App has been properly provisioned and is ready for use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-147">During API App provisioning (in some cases) an error comes back from the Azure API reflecting that the permissions could not be set properly, while the API App has been properly provisioned and is ready for use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-148">You can manually set permissions using the Azure Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-148">You can manually set permissions using the Azure Portal.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-149">Application Insights is not supported on API App templates and Mobile App templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-149">Application Insights is not supported on API App templates and Mobile App templates.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-150">API App projects cannot be used in conjunction with Cloud Service projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-150">API App projects cannot be used in conjunction with Cloud Service projects.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-151">API App project templates are only available in C#.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-151">API App project templates are only available in C#.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f5f10-152">API App consumption via the "Add Azure API App Client" context menu is only supported in C#.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f5f10-152">API App consumption via the "Add Azure API App Client" context menu is only supported in C#.</span></span>

