---
title: Authentication and authorization in Azure App Service | Microsoft Docs
description: Conceptual reference and overview of the Authentication / Authorization feature for Azure App Service
services: app-service
documentationcenter: ''
author: mattchenderson
manager: erikre
editor: ''
ms.assetid: b7151b57-09e5-4c77-a10c-375a262f17e5
ms.service: app-service
ms.workload: mobile
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: multiple
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 08/29/2016
ms.author: mahender
ms.openlocfilehash: e89ba5613c615c41af93e8f63b3703da8395095c
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550114"
---
# <a name="authentication-and-authorization-in-azure-app-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-103">Authentication and authorization in Azure App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-103">Authentication and authorization in Azure App Service</span></span>
## <a name="what-is-app-service-authentication--authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-104">What is App Service Authentication / Authorization?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-104">What is App Service Authentication / Authorization?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-105">App Service Authentication / Authorization is a feature that provides a way for your application to sign in users so that you don't have to change code on the app backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-105">App Service Authentication / Authorization is a feature that provides a way for your application to sign in users so that you don't have to change code on the app backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-106">It provides an easy way to protect your application and work with per-user data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-106">It provides an easy way to protect your application and work with per-user data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-107">App Service uses federated identity, in which a third-party identity provider stores accounts and authenticates users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-107">App Service uses federated identity, in which a third-party identity provider stores accounts and authenticates users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-108">The application relies on the provider's identity information so that the app doesn't have to store that information itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-108">The application relies on the provider's identity information so that the app doesn't have to store that information itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-109">App Service supports five identity providers out of the box: Azure Active Directory, Facebook, Google, Microsoft Account, and Twitter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-109">App Service supports five identity providers out of the box: Azure Active Directory, Facebook, Google, Microsoft Account, and Twitter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-110">Your app can use any number of these identity providers to provide your users with options for how they sign in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-110">Your app can use any number of these identity providers to provide your users with options for how they sign in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-111">To expand the built-in support, you can integrate another identity provider or [your own custom identity solution][custom-auth].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-111">To expand the built-in support, you can integrate another identity provider or [your own custom identity solution][custom-auth].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-112">If you want to get started right away, see one of the following tutorials:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-112">If you want to get started right away, see one of the following tutorials:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-113">[Add authentication to your iOS app][iOS] (or [Android], [Windows], [Xamarin.iOS], [Xamarin.Android], [Xamarin.Forms], or [Cordova])</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-113">[Add authentication to your iOS app][iOS] (or [Android], [Windows], [Xamarin.iOS], [Xamarin.Android], [Xamarin.Forms], or [Cordova])</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-114">[User authentication for API Apps in Azure App Service][apia-user]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-114">[User authentication for API Apps in Azure App Service][apia-user]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-115">[Get started with Azure App Service - Part 2][web-getstarted]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-115">[Get started with Azure App Service - Part 2][web-getstarted]</span></span>

## <a name="how-authentication-works-in-app-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-116">How authentication works in App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-116">How authentication works in App Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-117">In order to authenticate by using one of the identity providers, you first need to configure the identity provider to know about your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-117">In order to authenticate by using one of the identity providers, you first need to configure the identity provider to know about your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-118">The identity provider will then provide IDs and secrets that you provide to App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-118">The identity provider will then provide IDs and secrets that you provide to App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-119">This completes the trust relationship so that App Service can validate user assertions, such as authentication tokens, from the identity provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-119">This completes the trust relationship so that App Service can validate user assertions, such as authentication tokens, from the identity provider.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-120">To sign in a user by using one of these providers, the user must be redirected to an endpoint that signs in users for that provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-120">To sign in a user by using one of these providers, the user must be redirected to an endpoint that signs in users for that provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-121">If customers are using a web browser, you can have App Service automatically direct all unauthenticated users to the endpoint that signs in users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-121">If customers are using a web browser, you can have App Service automatically direct all unauthenticated users to the endpoint that signs in users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-122">Otherwise, you will need to direct your customers to `{your App Service base URL}/.auth/login/<provider>`, where `<provider>` is one of the following values: aad, facebook, google, microsoft, or twitter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-122">Otherwise, you will need to direct your customers to `{your App Service base URL}/.auth/login/<provider>`, where `<provider>` is one of the following values: aad, facebook, google, microsoft, or twitter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-123">Mobile and API scenarios are explained in sections later in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-123">Mobile and API scenarios are explained in sections later in this article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-124">Users who interact with your application through a web browser will have a cookie set so that they can remain authenticated as they browse your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-124">Users who interact with your application through a web browser will have a cookie set so that they can remain authenticated as they browse your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-125">For other client types, such as mobile, a JSON web token (JWT), which should be presented in the `X-ZUMO-AUTH` header, will be issued to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-125">For other client types, such as mobile, a JSON web token (JWT), which should be presented in the `X-ZUMO-AUTH` header, will be issued to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-126">The Mobile Apps client SDKs will handle this for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-126">The Mobile Apps client SDKs will handle this for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-127">Alternatively, an Azure Active Directory identity token or access token may be directly included in the `Authorization` header as a [bearer token](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-127">Alternatively, an Azure Active Directory identity token or access token may be directly included in the `Authorization` header as a [bearer token](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-128">App Service will validate any cookie or token that your application issues to authenticate users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-128">App Service will validate any cookie or token that your application issues to authenticate users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-129">To restrict who can access your application, see the [Authorization](#authorization) section later in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-129">To restrict who can access your application, see the [Authorization](#authorization) section later in this article.</span></span>

### <a name="mobile-authentication-with-a-provider-sdk"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-130">Mobile authentication with a provider SDK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-130">Mobile authentication with a provider SDK</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-131">After everything is configured on the backend, you can modify mobile clients to sign in with App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-131">After everything is configured on the backend, you can modify mobile clients to sign in with App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-132">There are two approaches here:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-132">There are two approaches here:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-133">Use an SDK that a given identity provider publishes to establish identity and then gain access to App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-133">Use an SDK that a given identity provider publishes to establish identity and then gain access to App Service.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-134">Use a single line of code so that the Mobile Apps client SDK can sign in users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-134">Use a single line of code so that the Mobile Apps client SDK can sign in users.</span></span>

> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-135">Most applications should use a provider SDK to get a more consistent experience when users sign in, to use refresh support, and to get other benefits that the provider specifies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-135">Most applications should use a provider SDK to get a more consistent experience when users sign in, to use refresh support, and to get other benefits that the provider specifies.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-136">When you use a provider SDK, users can sign in to an experience that integrates more tightly with the operating system that the app is running on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-136">When you use a provider SDK, users can sign in to an experience that integrates more tightly with the operating system that the app is running on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-137">This also gives you a provider token and some user information on the client, which makes it much easier to consume graph APIs and customize the user experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-137">This also gives you a provider token and some user information on the client, which makes it much easier to consume graph APIs and customize the user experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-138">Occasionally on blogs and forums, you will see this referred to as the "client flow" or "client-directed flow" because code on the client signs in users, and the client code has access to a provider token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-138">Occasionally on blogs and forums, you will see this referred to as the "client flow" or "client-directed flow" because code on the client signs in users, and the client code has access to a provider token.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-139">After a provider token is obtained, it needs to be sent to App Service for validation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-139">After a provider token is obtained, it needs to be sent to App Service for validation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-140">After App Service validates the token, App Service creates a new App Service token that is returned to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-140">After App Service validates the token, App Service creates a new App Service token that is returned to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-141">The Mobile Apps client SDK has helper methods to manage this exchange and automatically attach the token to all requests to the application backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-141">The Mobile Apps client SDK has helper methods to manage this exchange and automatically attach the token to all requests to the application backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-142">Developers can also keep a reference to the provider token if they so choose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-142">Developers can also keep a reference to the provider token if they so choose.</span></span>

### <a name="mobile-authentication-without-a-provider-sdk"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-143">Mobile authentication without a provider SDK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-143">Mobile authentication without a provider SDK</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-144">If you do not want to set up a provider SDK, you can allow the Mobile Apps feature of Azure App Service to sign in for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-144">If you do not want to set up a provider SDK, you can allow the Mobile Apps feature of Azure App Service to sign in for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-145">The Mobile Apps client SDK will open a web view to the provider of your choosing and sign in the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-145">The Mobile Apps client SDK will open a web view to the provider of your choosing and sign in the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-146">Occasionally on blogs and forums, you will see this referred to as the "server flow" or "server-directed flow" because the server manages the process that signs in users, and the client SDK never receives the provider token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-146">Occasionally on blogs and forums, you will see this referred to as the "server flow" or "server-directed flow" because the server manages the process that signs in users, and the client SDK never receives the provider token.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-147">Code to start this flow is included in the authentication tutorial for each platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-147">Code to start this flow is included in the authentication tutorial for each platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-148">At the end of the flow, the client SDK has an App Service token, and the token is automatically attached to all requests to the application backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-148">At the end of the flow, the client SDK has an App Service token, and the token is automatically attached to all requests to the application backend.</span></span>

### <a name="service-to-service-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-149">Service-to-service authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-149">Service-to-service authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-150">Although you can give users access to your application, you can also trust another application to call your own API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-150">Although you can give users access to your application, you can also trust another application to call your own API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-151">For example, you could have one web app call an API in another web app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-151">For example, you could have one web app call an API in another web app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-152">In this scenario, you use credentials for a service account instead of user credentials to get a token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-152">In this scenario, you use credentials for a service account instead of user credentials to get a token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-153">A service account is also known as a *service principal* in Azure Active Directory parlance, and authentication that uses such an account is also known as a service-to-service scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-153">A service account is also known as a *service principal* in Azure Active Directory parlance, and authentication that uses such an account is also known as a service-to-service scenario.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-154">Because mobile apps run on customer devices, mobile applications do *not* count as trusted applications and should not use a service principal flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-154">Because mobile apps run on customer devices, mobile applications do *not* count as trusted applications and should not use a service principal flow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-155">Instead, they should use a user flow that was detailed earlier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-155">Instead, they should use a user flow that was detailed earlier.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-156">For service-to-service scenarios, App Service can protect your application by using Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-156">For service-to-service scenarios, App Service can protect your application by using Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-157">The calling application just needs to provide an Azure Active Directory service principal authorization token that is obtained by providing the client ID and client secret from Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-157">The calling application just needs to provide an Azure Active Directory service principal authorization token that is obtained by providing the client ID and client secret from Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-158">An example of this scenario that uses ASP.NET API apps is explained by the tutorial, [Service principal authentication for API Apps][apia-service].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-158">An example of this scenario that uses ASP.NET API apps is explained by the tutorial, [Service principal authentication for API Apps][apia-service].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-159">If you want to use App Service authentication to handle a service-to-service scenario, you can use client certificates or basic authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-159">If you want to use App Service authentication to handle a service-to-service scenario, you can use client certificates or basic authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-160">For information about client certificates in Azure, see [How To Configure TLS Mutual Authentication for Web Apps](../app-service-web/app-service-web-configure-tls-mutual-auth.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-160">For information about client certificates in Azure, see [How To Configure TLS Mutual Authentication for Web Apps](../app-service-web/app-service-web-configure-tls-mutual-auth.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-161">For information about basic authentication in ASP.NET, see [Authentication Filters in ASP.NET Web API 2](http://www.asp.net/web-api/overview/security/authentication-filters).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-161">For information about basic authentication in ASP.NET, see [Authentication Filters in ASP.NET Web API 2](http://www.asp.net/web-api/overview/security/authentication-filters).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-162">Service account authentication from an App Service logic app to an API app is a special case that is detailed in [Using your custom API hosted on App Service with Logic apps](../logic-apps/logic-apps-custom-hosted-api.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-162">Service account authentication from an App Service logic app to an API app is a special case that is detailed in [Using your custom API hosted on App Service with Logic apps](../logic-apps/logic-apps-custom-hosted-api.md).</span></span>

## <a name="authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-163">How authorization works in App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-163">How authorization works in App Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-164">You have full control over the requests that can access your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-164">You have full control over the requests that can access your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-165">App Service Authentication / Authorization can be configured with any of the following behaviors:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-165">App Service Authentication / Authorization can be configured with any of the following behaviors:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-166">Allow only authenticated requests to reach your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-166">Allow only authenticated requests to reach your application.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-167">If a browser receives an anonymous request, App Service will redirect to a page for the identity provider that you choose so that users can sign in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-167">If a browser receives an anonymous request, App Service will redirect to a page for the identity provider that you choose so that users can sign in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-168">If the request comes from a mobile device, the returned response is an HTTP *401 Unauthorized* response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-168">If the request comes from a mobile device, the returned response is an HTTP *401 Unauthorized* response.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-169">With this option, you don't need to write any authentication code at all in your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-169">With this option, you don't need to write any authentication code at all in your app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-170">If you need finer authorization, information about the user is available to your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-170">If you need finer authorization, information about the user is available to your code.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-171">Allow all requests to reach your application, but validate authenticated requests, and pass along authentication information in the HTTP headers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-171">Allow all requests to reach your application, but validate authenticated requests, and pass along authentication information in the HTTP headers.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-172">This option defers authorization decisions to your application code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-172">This option defers authorization decisions to your application code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-173">It provides more flexibility in handling anonymous requests, but you have to write code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-173">It provides more flexibility in handling anonymous requests, but you have to write code.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-174">Allow all requests to reach your application, and take no action on authentication information in the requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-174">Allow all requests to reach your application, and take no action on authentication information in the requests.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-175">In this case, the Authentication / Authorization feature is off.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-175">In this case, the Authentication / Authorization feature is off.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-176">The tasks of authentication and authorization are entirely up to your application code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-176">The tasks of authentication and authorization are entirely up to your application code.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-177">The previous behaviors are controlled by the **Action to take when request is not authenticated** option in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-177">The previous behaviors are controlled by the **Action to take when request is not authenticated** option in the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-178">If you choose \*\*Log in with *provider name* \*\*, all requests have to be authenticated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-178">If you choose \*\*Log in with *provider name* \*\*, all requests have to be authenticated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-179">**Allow request (no action)** defers the authorization decision to your code, but it still provides authentication information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-179">**Allow request (no action)** defers the authorization decision to your code, but it still provides authentication information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-180">If you want to have your code handle everything, you can disable the Authentication / Authorization feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-180">If you want to have your code handle everything, you can disable the Authentication / Authorization feature.</span></span>

## <a name="working-with-user-identities-in-your-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-181">Working with user identities in your application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-181">Working with user identities in your application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-182">App Service passes some user information to your application by using special headers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-182">App Service passes some user information to your application by using special headers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-183">External requests prohibit these headers and will only be present if set by App Service Authentication / Authorization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-183">External requests prohibit these headers and will only be present if set by App Service Authentication / Authorization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-184">Some example headers include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-184">Some example headers include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-185">X-MS-CLIENT-PRINCIPAL-NAME</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-185">X-MS-CLIENT-PRINCIPAL-NAME</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-186">X-MS-CLIENT-PRINCIPAL-ID</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-186">X-MS-CLIENT-PRINCIPAL-ID</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-187">X-MS-TOKEN-FACEBOOK-ACCESS-TOKEN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-187">X-MS-TOKEN-FACEBOOK-ACCESS-TOKEN</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-188">X-MS-TOKEN-FACEBOOK-EXPIRES-ON</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-188">X-MS-TOKEN-FACEBOOK-EXPIRES-ON</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-189">Code that is written in any language or framework can get the information that it needs from these headers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-189">Code that is written in any language or framework can get the information that it needs from these headers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-190">For ASP.NET 4.6 apps, the **ClaimsPrincipal** is automatically set with the appropriate values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-190">For ASP.NET 4.6 apps, the **ClaimsPrincipal** is automatically set with the appropriate values.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-191">Your application can also obtain additional user details through an HTTP GET on the `/.auth/me` endpoint of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-191">Your application can also obtain additional user details through an HTTP GET on the `/.auth/me` endpoint of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-192">A valid token that's included with the request will return a JSON payload with details about the provider that's being used, the underlying provider token, and some other user information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-192">A valid token that's included with the request will return a JSON payload with details about the provider that's being used, the underlying provider token, and some other user information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-193">The Mobile Apps server SDKs provide helper methods to work with this data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-193">The Mobile Apps server SDKs provide helper methods to work with this data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-194">For more information, see [How to use the Azure Mobile Apps Node.js SDK](../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-node-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#howto-tables-getidentity), and [Work with the .NET backend server SDK for Azure Mobile Apps](../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#user-info).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-194">For more information, see [How to use the Azure Mobile Apps Node.js SDK](../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-node-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#howto-tables-getidentity), and [Work with the .NET backend server SDK for Azure Mobile Apps](../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#user-info).</span></span>

## <a name="documentation-and-additional-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-195">Documentation and additional resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-195">Documentation and additional resources</span></span>
### <a name="identity-providers"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-196">Identity providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-196">Identity providers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-197">The following tutorials show how to configure App Service to use different authentication providers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-197">The following tutorials show how to configure App Service to use different authentication providers:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-198">[How to configure your app to use Azure Active Directory login][AAD]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-198">[How to configure your app to use Azure Active Directory login][AAD]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-199">[How to configure your app to use Facebook login][Facebook]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-199">[How to configure your app to use Facebook login][Facebook]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-200">[How to configure your app to use Google login][Google]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-200">[How to configure your app to use Google login][Google]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-201">[How to configure your app to use Microsoft Account login][MSA]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-201">[How to configure your app to use Microsoft Account login][MSA]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-202">[How to configure your app to use Twitter login][Twitter]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-202">[How to configure your app to use Twitter login][Twitter]</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-203">If you want to use an identity system other than the ones provided here, you can also use the [preview custom authentication support in the Mobile Apps .NET server SDK][custom-auth], which can be used in web apps, mobile apps, or API apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-203">If you want to use an identity system other than the ones provided here, you can also use the [preview custom authentication support in the Mobile Apps .NET server SDK][custom-auth], which can be used in web apps, mobile apps, or API apps.</span></span>

### <a name="web-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-204">Web applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-204">Web applications</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-205">The following tutorials show how to add authentication to a web application:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-205">The following tutorials show how to add authentication to a web application:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-206">[Get started with Azure App Service - Part 2][web-getstarted]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-206">[Get started with Azure App Service - Part 2][web-getstarted]</span></span>

### <a name="mobile-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-207">Mobile applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-207">Mobile applications</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-208">The following tutorials show how to add authentication to your mobile clients by using the server-directed flow:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-208">The following tutorials show how to add authentication to your mobile clients by using the server-directed flow:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-209">[Add authentication to your iOS app][iOS]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-209">[Add authentication to your iOS app][iOS]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-210">[Add Authentication to your Android app][Android]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-210">[Add Authentication to your Android app][Android]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-211">[Add Authentication to your Windows app][Windows]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-211">[Add Authentication to your Windows app][Windows]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-212">[Add authentication to your Xamarin.iOS app][Xamarin.iOS]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-212">[Add authentication to your Xamarin.iOS app][Xamarin.iOS]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-213">[Add authentication to your Xamarin.Android app][Xamarin.Android]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-213">[Add authentication to your Xamarin.Android app][Xamarin.Android]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-214">[Add authentication to your Xamarin.Forms app][Xamarin.Forms]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-214">[Add authentication to your Xamarin.Forms app][Xamarin.Forms]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-215">[Add Authentication to your Cordova app][Cordova]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-215">[Add Authentication to your Cordova app][Cordova]</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-216">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Azure Active Directory:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-216">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Azure Active Directory:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-217">[Use the Active Directory Authentication Library for iOS][ADAL-iOS]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-217">[Use the Active Directory Authentication Library for iOS][ADAL-iOS]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-218">[Use the Active Directory Authentication Library for Android][ADAL-Android]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-218">[Use the Active Directory Authentication Library for Android][ADAL-Android]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-219">[Use the Active Directory Authentication Library for Windows and Xamarin][ADAL-dotnet]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-219">[Use the Active Directory Authentication Library for Windows and Xamarin][ADAL-dotnet]</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-220">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Facebook:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-220">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Facebook:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-221">Use the Facebook SDK for iOS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-221">Use the Facebook SDK for iOS</span></span>](../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-ios-how-to-use-client-library.md#facebook-sdk)

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-222">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Twitter:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-222">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Twitter:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-223">Use Twitter Fabric for iOS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-223">Use Twitter Fabric for iOS</span></span>](../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-ios-how-to-use-client-library.md#twitter-fabric)

<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-224">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Google:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-224">Use the following resources if you want to use the client-directed flow for Google:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-225">Use the Google Sign-In SDK for iOS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-225">Use the Google Sign-In SDK for iOS</span></span>](../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-ios-how-to-use-client-library.md#google-sdk)

### <a name="api-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="03cf8-226">API applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-226">API applications</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="03cf8-227">The following tutorials show how to protect your API apps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-227">The following tutorials show how to protect your API apps:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-228">[User authentication for API Apps in Azure App Service][apia-user]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-228">[User authentication for API Apps in Azure App Service][apia-user]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="03cf8-229">[Service principal authentication for API Apps in Azure App Service][apia-service]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="03cf8-229">[Service principal authentication for API Apps in Azure App Service][apia-service]</span></span>

[apia-user]: ../app-service-api/app-service-api-dotnet-user-principal-auth.md
[apia-service]: ../app-service-api/app-service-api-dotnet-service-principal-auth.md

[web-getstarted]: ../app-service-web/app-service-web-get-started-2.md#authenticate-your-users

[iOS]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-ios-get-started-users.md
[Android]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-android-get-started-users.md
[Xamarin.iOS]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-xamarin-ios-get-started-users.md
[Xamarin.Android]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-xamarin-android-get-started-users.md
[Xamarin.Forms]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-xamarin-forms-get-started-users.md
[Windows]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-windows-store-dotnet-get-started-users.md
[Cordova]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-cordova-get-started-users.md

[AAD]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-how-to-configure-active-directory-authentication.md
[Facebook]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-how-to-configure-facebook-authentication.md
[Google]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-how-to-configure-google-authentication.md
[MSA]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-how-to-configure-microsoft-authentication.md
[Twitter]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-how-to-configure-twitter-authentication.md

[custom-auth]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-dotnet-backend-how-to-use-server-sdk.md#custom-auth

[ADAL-Android]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-android-how-to-use-client-library.md#adal
[ADAL-iOS]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-ios-how-to-use-client-library.md#adal
[ADAL-dotnet]: ../app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-dotnet-how-to-use-client-library.md#adal
