---
title: Operating system functionality on Azure App Service
description: Learn about the OS functionality available to web apps, mobile app backends, and API apps on Azure App Service
services: app-service
documentationcenter: ''
author: cephalin
manager: erikre
editor: mollybos
ms.assetid: 39d5514f-0139-453a-b52e-4a1c06d8d914
ms.service: app-service
ms.workload: web
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 07/01/2016
ms.author: cephalin
ms.openlocfilehash: 00b5f9c78000fbb9bf86e8c1d8b06e3645795a12
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44856207"
---
# <a name="operating-system-functionality-on-azure-app-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-103">Operating system functionality on Azure App Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-103">Operating system functionality on Azure App Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-104">This article describes the common baseline operating system functionality that is available to all apps running on [Azure App Service](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=529714).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-104">This article describes the common baseline operating system functionality that is available to all apps running on [Azure App Service](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=529714).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-105">This functionality includes file, network, and registry access, and diagnostics logs and events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-105">This functionality includes file, network, and registry access, and diagnostics logs and events.</span></span> 

<a id="tiers"></a>

## <a name="app-service-plan-tiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-106">App Service plan tiers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-106">App Service plan tiers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-107">App Service runs customer apps in a multi-tenant hosting environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-107">App Service runs customer apps in a multi-tenant hosting environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-108">Apps deployed in the **Free** and **Shared** tiers run in worker processes on shared virtual machines, while apps deployed in the **Standard** and **Premium** tiers run on virtual machine(s) dedicated specifically for the apps associated with a single customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-108">Apps deployed in the **Free** and **Shared** tiers run in worker processes on shared virtual machines, while apps deployed in the **Standard** and **Premium** tiers run on virtual machine(s) dedicated specifically for the apps associated with a single customer.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [app-service-dev-test-note](../../includes/app-service-dev-test-note.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-109">Because App Service supports a seamless scaling experience between different tiers, the security configuration enforced for App Service apps remains the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-109">Because App Service supports a seamless scaling experience between different tiers, the security configuration enforced for App Service apps remains the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-110">This ensures that apps don't suddenly behave differently, failing in unexpected ways, when App Service plan switches from one tier to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-110">This ensures that apps don't suddenly behave differently, failing in unexpected ways, when App Service plan switches from one tier to another.</span></span>

<a id="developmentframeworks"></a>

## <a name="development-frameworks"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-111">Development frameworks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-111">Development frameworks</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-112">App Service pricing tiers control the amount of compute resources (CPU, disk storage, memory, and network egress) available to apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-112">App Service pricing tiers control the amount of compute resources (CPU, disk storage, memory, and network egress) available to apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-113">However, the breadth of framework functionality available to apps remains the same regardless of the scaling tiers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-113">However, the breadth of framework functionality available to apps remains the same regardless of the scaling tiers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-114">App Service supports a variety of development frameworks, including ASP.NET, classic ASP, node.js, PHP, and Python - all of which run as extensions within IIS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-114">App Service supports a variety of development frameworks, including ASP.NET, classic ASP, node.js, PHP, and Python - all of which run as extensions within IIS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-115">In order to simplify and normalize security configuration, App Service apps typically run the various development frameworks with their default settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-115">In order to simplify and normalize security configuration, App Service apps typically run the various development frameworks with their default settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-116">One approach to configuring apps could have been to customize the API surface area and functionality for each individual development framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-116">One approach to configuring apps could have been to customize the API surface area and functionality for each individual development framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-117">App Service instead takes a more generic approach by enabling a common baseline of operating system functionality regardless of an app's development framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-117">App Service instead takes a more generic approach by enabling a common baseline of operating system functionality regardless of an app's development framework.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-118">The following sections summarize the general kinds of operating system functionality available to App Service apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-118">The following sections summarize the general kinds of operating system functionality available to App Service apps.</span></span>

<a id="FileAccess"></a>

## <a name="file-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-119">File access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-119">File access</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-120">Various drives exist within App Service, including local drives and network drives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-120">Various drives exist within App Service, including local drives and network drives.</span></span>

<a id="LocalDrives"></a>

### <a name="local-drives"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-121">Local drives</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-121">Local drives</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-122">At its core, App Service is a service running on top of the Azure PaaS (platform as a service) infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-122">At its core, App Service is a service running on top of the Azure PaaS (platform as a service) infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-123">As a result, the local drives that are "attached" to a virtual machine are the same drive types available to any worker role running in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-123">As a result, the local drives that are "attached" to a virtual machine are the same drive types available to any worker role running in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-124">This includes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-124">This includes:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-125">An operating system drive (the D:\ drive)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-125">An operating system drive (the D:\ drive)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-126">An application drive that contains Azure Package cspkg files used exclusively by App Service (and inaccessible to customers)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-126">An application drive that contains Azure Package cspkg files used exclusively by App Service (and inaccessible to customers)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-127">A "user" drive (the C:\ drive), whose size varies depending on the size of the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-127">A "user" drive (the C:\ drive), whose size varies depending on the size of the VM.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-128">It is important to monitor your disk utilization as your application grows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-128">It is important to monitor your disk utilization as your application grows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-129">If the disk quota is reached, it can have adverse effects to your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-129">If the disk quota is reached, it can have adverse effects to your application.</span></span>

<a id="NetworkDrives"></a>

### <a name="network-drives-aka-unc-shares"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-130">Network drives (aka UNC shares)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-130">Network drives (aka UNC shares)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-131">One of the unique aspects of App Service that makes app deployment and maintenance straightforward is that all user content is stored on a set of UNC shares.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-131">One of the unique aspects of App Service that makes app deployment and maintenance straightforward is that all user content is stored on a set of UNC shares.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-132">This model maps well to the common pattern of content storage used by on-premises web hosting environments that have multiple load-balanced servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-132">This model maps well to the common pattern of content storage used by on-premises web hosting environments that have multiple load-balanced servers.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-133">Within App Service, there is a number of UNC shares created in each data center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-133">Within App Service, there is a number of UNC shares created in each data center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-134">A percentage of the user content for all customers in each data center is allocated to each UNC share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-134">A percentage of the user content for all customers in each data center is allocated to each UNC share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-135">Furthermore, all of the file content for a single customer's subscription is always placed on the same UNC share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-135">Furthermore, all of the file content for a single customer's subscription is always placed on the same UNC share.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-136">Due to how Azure services work, the specific virtual machine responsible for hosting a UNC share will change over time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-136">Due to how Azure services work, the specific virtual machine responsible for hosting a UNC share will change over time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-137">It is guaranteed that UNC shares will be mounted by different virtual machines as they are brought up and down during the normal course of Azure operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-137">It is guaranteed that UNC shares will be mounted by different virtual machines as they are brought up and down during the normal course of Azure operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-138">For this reason, apps should never make hard-coded assumptions that the machine information in a UNC file path will remain stable over time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-138">For this reason, apps should never make hard-coded assumptions that the machine information in a UNC file path will remain stable over time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-139">Instead, they should use the convenient *faux* absolute path **D:\home\site** that App Service provides.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-139">Instead, they should use the convenient *faux* absolute path **D:\home\site** that App Service provides.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-140">This faux absolute path provides a portable, app-and-user-agnostic method for referring to one's own app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-140">This faux absolute path provides a portable, app-and-user-agnostic method for referring to one's own app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-141">By using **D:\home\site**, one can transfer shared files from app to app without having to configure a new absolute path for each transfer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-141">By using **D:\home\site**, one can transfer shared files from app to app without having to configure a new absolute path for each transfer.</span></span>

<a id="TypesOfFileAccess"></a>

### <a name="types-of-file-access-granted-to-an-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-142">Types of file access granted to an app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-142">Types of file access granted to an app</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-143">Each customer's subscription has a reserved directory structure on a specific UNC share within a data center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-143">Each customer's subscription has a reserved directory structure on a specific UNC share within a data center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-144">A customer may have multiple apps created within a specific data center, so all of the directories belonging to a single customer subscription are created on the same UNC share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-144">A customer may have multiple apps created within a specific data center, so all of the directories belonging to a single customer subscription are created on the same UNC share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-145">The share may include directories such as those for content, error and diagnostic logs, and earlier versions of the app created by source control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-145">The share may include directories such as those for content, error and diagnostic logs, and earlier versions of the app created by source control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-146">As expected, a customer's app directories are available for read and write access at runtime by the app's application code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-146">As expected, a customer's app directories are available for read and write access at runtime by the app's application code.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-147">On the local drives attached to the virtual machine that runs an app, App Service reserves a chunk of space on the C:\ drive for app-specific temporary local storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-147">On the local drives attached to the virtual machine that runs an app, App Service reserves a chunk of space on the C:\ drive for app-specific temporary local storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-148">Although an app has full read/write access to its own temporary local storage, that storage really isn't intended to be used directly by the application code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-148">Although an app has full read/write access to its own temporary local storage, that storage really isn't intended to be used directly by the application code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-149">Rather, the intent is to provide temporary file storage for IIS and web application frameworks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-149">Rather, the intent is to provide temporary file storage for IIS and web application frameworks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-150">App Service also limits the amount of temporary local storage available to each app to prevent individual apps from consuming excessive amounts of local file storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-150">App Service also limits the amount of temporary local storage available to each app to prevent individual apps from consuming excessive amounts of local file storage.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-151">Two examples of how App Service uses temporary local storage are the directory for temporary ASP.NET files and the directory for IIS compressed files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-151">Two examples of how App Service uses temporary local storage are the directory for temporary ASP.NET files and the directory for IIS compressed files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-152">The ASP.NET compilation system uses the "Temporary ASP.NET Files" directory as a temporary compilation cache location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-152">The ASP.NET compilation system uses the "Temporary ASP.NET Files" directory as a temporary compilation cache location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-153">IIS uses the "IIS Temporary Compressed Files" directory to store compressed response output.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-153">IIS uses the "IIS Temporary Compressed Files" directory to store compressed response output.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-154">Both of these types of file usage (as well as others) are remapped in App Service to per-app temporary local storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-154">Both of these types of file usage (as well as others) are remapped in App Service to per-app temporary local storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-155">This remapping ensures that functionality continues as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-155">This remapping ensures that functionality continues as expected.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-156">Each app in App Service runs as a random unique low-privileged worker process identity called the "application pool identity", described further here: [http://www.iis.net/learn/manage/configuring-security/application-pool-identities](http://www.iis.net/learn/manage/configuring-security/application-pool-identities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-156">Each app in App Service runs as a random unique low-privileged worker process identity called the "application pool identity", described further here: [http://www.iis.net/learn/manage/configuring-security/application-pool-identities](http://www.iis.net/learn/manage/configuring-security/application-pool-identities).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-157">Application code uses this identity for basic read-only access to the operating system drive (the D:\ drive).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-157">Application code uses this identity for basic read-only access to the operating system drive (the D:\ drive).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-158">This means application code can list common directory structures and read common files on operating system drive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-158">This means application code can list common directory structures and read common files on operating system drive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-159">Although this might appear to be a somewhat broad level of access, the same directories and files are accessible when you provision a worker role in an Azure hosted service and read the drive contents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-159">Although this might appear to be a somewhat broad level of access, the same directories and files are accessible when you provision a worker role in an Azure hosted service and read the drive contents.</span></span> 

<a name="multipleinstances"></a>

### <a name="file-access-across-multiple-instances"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-160">File access across multiple instances</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-160">File access across multiple instances</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-161">The home directory contains an app's content, and application code can write to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-161">The home directory contains an app's content, and application code can write to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-162">If an app runs on multiple instances, the home directory is shared among all instances so that all instances see the same directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-162">If an app runs on multiple instances, the home directory is shared among all instances so that all instances see the same directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-163">So, for example, if an app saves uploaded files to the home directory, those files are immediately available to all instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-163">So, for example, if an app saves uploaded files to the home directory, those files are immediately available to all instances.</span></span> 

<a id="NetworkAccess"></a>

## <a name="network-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-164">Network access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-164">Network access</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-165">Application code can use TCP/IP and UDP-based protocols to make outbound network connections to Internet accessible endpoints that expose external services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-165">Application code can use TCP/IP and UDP-based protocols to make outbound network connections to Internet accessible endpoints that expose external services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-166">Apps can use these same protocols to connect to services within Azure&#151;for example, by establishing HTTPS connections to SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-166">Apps can use these same protocols to connect to services within Azure&#151;for example, by establishing HTTPS connections to SQL Database.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-167">There is also a limited capability for apps to establish one local loopback connection, and have an app listen on that local loopback socket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-167">There is also a limited capability for apps to establish one local loopback connection, and have an app listen on that local loopback socket.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-168">This feature exists primarily to enable apps that listen on local loopback sockets as part of their functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-168">This feature exists primarily to enable apps that listen on local loopback sockets as part of their functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-169">Each app sees a "private" loopback connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-169">Each app sees a "private" loopback connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-170">App "A" cannot listen to a local loopback socket established by app "B".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-170">App "A" cannot listen to a local loopback socket established by app "B".</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-171">Named pipes are also supported as an inter-process communication (IPC) mechanism between different processes that collectively run an app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-171">Named pipes are also supported as an inter-process communication (IPC) mechanism between different processes that collectively run an app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-172">For example, the IIS FastCGI module relies on named pipes to coordinate the individual processes that run PHP pages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-172">For example, the IIS FastCGI module relies on named pipes to coordinate the individual processes that run PHP pages.</span></span>

<a id="Code"></a>

## <a name="code-execution-processes-and-memory"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-173">Code execution, processes, and memory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-173">Code execution, processes, and memory</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-174">As noted earlier, apps run inside of low-privileged worker processes using a random application pool identity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-174">As noted earlier, apps run inside of low-privileged worker processes using a random application pool identity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-175">Application code has access to the memory space associated with the worker process, as well as any child processes that may be spawned by CGI processes or other applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-175">Application code has access to the memory space associated with the worker process, as well as any child processes that may be spawned by CGI processes or other applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-176">However, one app cannot access the memory or data of another app even if it is on the same virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-176">However, one app cannot access the memory or data of another app even if it is on the same virtual machine.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-177">Apps can run scripts or pages written with supported web development frameworks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-177">Apps can run scripts or pages written with supported web development frameworks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-178">App Service doesn't configure any web framework settings to more restricted modes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-178">App Service doesn't configure any web framework settings to more restricted modes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-179">For example, ASP.NET apps running on App Service run in "full" trust as opposed to a more restricted trust mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-179">For example, ASP.NET apps running on App Service run in "full" trust as opposed to a more restricted trust mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-180">Web frameworks, including both classic ASP and ASP.NET, can call in-process COM components (but not out of process COM components) like ADO (ActiveX Data Objects) that are registered by default on the Windows operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-180">Web frameworks, including both classic ASP and ASP.NET, can call in-process COM components (but not out of process COM components) like ADO (ActiveX Data Objects) that are registered by default on the Windows operating system.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-181">Apps can spawn and run arbitrary code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-181">Apps can spawn and run arbitrary code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-182">It is allowable for an app to do things like spawn a command shell or run a PowerShell script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-182">It is allowable for an app to do things like spawn a command shell or run a PowerShell script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-183">However, even though arbitrary code and processes can be spawned from an app, executable programs and scripts are still restricted to the privileges granted to the parent application pool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-183">However, even though arbitrary code and processes can be spawned from an app, executable programs and scripts are still restricted to the privileges granted to the parent application pool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-184">For example, an app can spawn an executable that makes an outbound HTTP call, but that same executable cannot attempt to unbind the IP address of a virtual machine from its NIC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-184">For example, an app can spawn an executable that makes an outbound HTTP call, but that same executable cannot attempt to unbind the IP address of a virtual machine from its NIC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-185">Making an outbound network call is allowed to low-privileged code, but attempting to reconfigure network settings on a virtual machine requires administrative privileges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-185">Making an outbound network call is allowed to low-privileged code, but attempting to reconfigure network settings on a virtual machine requires administrative privileges.</span></span>

<a id="Diagnostics"></a>

## <a name="diagnostics-logs-and-events"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-186">Diagnostics logs and events</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-186">Diagnostics logs and events</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-187">Log information is another set of data that some apps attempt to access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-187">Log information is another set of data that some apps attempt to access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-188">The types of log information available to code running in App Service includes diagnostic and log information generated by an app that is also easily accessible to the app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-188">The types of log information available to code running in App Service includes diagnostic and log information generated by an app that is also easily accessible to the app.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-189">For example, W3C HTTP logs generated by an active app are available either on a log directory in the network share location created for the app, or available in blob storage if a customer has set up W3C logging to storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-189">For example, W3C HTTP logs generated by an active app are available either on a log directory in the network share location created for the app, or available in blob storage if a customer has set up W3C logging to storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-190">The latter option enables large quantities of logs to be gathered without the risk of exceeding the file storage limits associated with a network share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-190">The latter option enables large quantities of logs to be gathered without the risk of exceeding the file storage limits associated with a network share.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-191">In a similar vein, real-time diagnostics information from .NET apps can also be logged using the .NET tracing and diagnostics infrastructure, with options to write the trace information to either the app's network share, or alternatively to a blob storage location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-191">In a similar vein, real-time diagnostics information from .NET apps can also be logged using the .NET tracing and diagnostics infrastructure, with options to write the trace information to either the app's network share, or alternatively to a blob storage location.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-192">Areas of diagnostics logging and tracing that aren't available to apps are Windows ETW events and common Windows event logs (for example, System, Application, and Security event logs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-192">Areas of diagnostics logging and tracing that aren't available to apps are Windows ETW events and common Windows event logs (for example, System, Application, and Security event logs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-193">Since ETW trace information can potentially be viewable machine-wide (with the right ACLs), read and write access to ETW events are blocked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-193">Since ETW trace information can potentially be viewable machine-wide (with the right ACLs), read and write access to ETW events are blocked.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-194">Developers might notice that API calls to read and write ETW events and common Windows event logs appear to work, but that is because App Service is "faking" the calls so that they appear to succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-194">Developers might notice that API calls to read and write ETW events and common Windows event logs appear to work, but that is because App Service is "faking" the calls so that they appear to succeed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-195">In reality, the application code has no access to this event data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-195">In reality, the application code has no access to this event data.</span></span>

<a id="RegistryAccess"></a>

## <a name="registry-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-196">Registry access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-196">Registry access</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-197">Apps have read-only access to much (though not all) of the registry of the virtual machine they are running on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-197">Apps have read-only access to much (though not all) of the registry of the virtual machine they are running on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-198">In practice, this means registry keys that allow read-only access to the local Users group are accessible by apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-198">In practice, this means registry keys that allow read-only access to the local Users group are accessible by apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-199">One area of the registry that is currently not supported for either read or write access is the HKEY\_CURRENT\_USER hive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-199">One area of the registry that is currently not supported for either read or write access is the HKEY\_CURRENT\_USER hive.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-200">Write-access to the registry is blocked, including access to any per-user registry keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-200">Write-access to the registry is blocked, including access to any per-user registry keys.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-201">From the app's perspective, write access to the registry should never be relied upon in the Azure environment since apps can (and do) get migrated across different virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-201">From the app's perspective, write access to the registry should never be relied upon in the Azure environment since apps can (and do) get migrated across different virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-202">The only persistent writeable storage that can be depended on by an app is the per-app content directory structure stored on the App Service UNC shares.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-202">The only persistent writeable storage that can be depended on by an app is the per-app content directory structure stored on the App Service UNC shares.</span></span> 

## <a name="more-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="b13c8-203">More information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-203">More information</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b13c8-204">[Azure Web App sandbox](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Azure-Web-App-sandbox) - The most up-to-date information about the execution environment of App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-204">[Azure Web App sandbox](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Azure-Web-App-sandbox) - The most up-to-date information about the execution environment of App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-205">This page is maintained directly by the App Service development team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-205">This page is maintained directly by the App Service development team.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-206">If you want to get started with Azure App Service before signing up for an Azure account, go to [Try App Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/app-service/), where you can immediately create a short-lived starter web app in App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-206">If you want to get started with Azure App Service before signing up for an Azure account, go to [Try App Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/try/app-service/), where you can immediately create a short-lived starter web app in App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b13c8-207">No credit cards required; no commitments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b13c8-207">No credit cards required; no commitments.</span></span>
> 
> 


