---
title: Controlling Azure App Service traffic with Azure Traffic Manager
description: This article provides summary information for  Azure Traffic Manager as it relates to Azure App Service.
services: app-service\web
documentationcenter: ''
author: cephalin
writer: cephalin
manager: erikre
editor: mollybos
ms.assetid: dabda633-e72f-4dd4-bf1c-6e945da456fd
ms.service: app-service-web
ms.workload: web
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/25/2016
ms.author: cephalin
ms.openlocfilehash: 92ab7bf64445ff772f33a18e7f7946a7e0be333a
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44871337"
---
# <a name="controlling-azure-app-service-traffic-with-azure-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="eb759-103">Controlling Azure App Service traffic with Azure Traffic Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-103">Controlling Azure App Service traffic with Azure Traffic Manager</span></span>
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-104">This article provides summary information for Microsoft Azure Traffic Manager as it relates to Azure App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-104">This article provides summary information for Microsoft Azure Traffic Manager as it relates to Azure App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-105">More information about Azure Traffic Manager itself can be found by visiting the links at the end of this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-105">More information about Azure Traffic Manager itself can be found by visiting the links at the end of this article.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="introduction"></a><span data-ttu-id="eb759-106">Introduction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-106">Introduction</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="eb759-107">You can use Azure Traffic Manager to control how requests from web clients are distributed to apps in Azure App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-107">You can use Azure Traffic Manager to control how requests from web clients are distributed to apps in Azure App Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-108">When App Service endpoints are added to an Azure Traffic Manager profile, Azure Traffic Manager keeps track of the status of your App Service apps (running, stopped, or deleted) so that it can decide which of those endpoints should receive traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-108">When App Service endpoints are added to an Azure Traffic Manager profile, Azure Traffic Manager keeps track of the status of your App Service apps (running, stopped, or deleted) so that it can decide which of those endpoints should receive traffic.</span></span>

## <a name="routing-methods"></a><span data-ttu-id="eb759-109">Routing methods</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-109">Routing methods</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="eb759-110">Azure Traffic Manager uses four different routing methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-110">Azure Traffic Manager uses four different routing methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-111">These methods are described  in the following list as they pertain to Azure App Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-111">These methods are described  in the following list as they pertain to Azure App Service.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-112">**[Priority](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#priority):** use a primary app for all traffic, and provide backups in case the primary or the backup apps are unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-112">**[Priority](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#priority):** use a primary app for all traffic, and provide backups in case the primary or the backup apps are unavailable.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-113">**[Weighted](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#weighted):** distribute traffic across a set of apps, either evenly or according to weights, which you define.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-113">**[Weighted](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#weighted):** distribute traffic across a set of apps, either evenly or according to weights, which you define.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-114">**[Performance](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#performance):** when you have apps in different geographic locations, use the "closest" app in terms of the lowest network latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-114">**[Performance](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#performance):** when you have apps in different geographic locations, use the "closest" app in terms of the lowest network latency.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-115">**[Geographic](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#geographic):** direct users to specific apps based on which geographic location their DNS query originates from.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-115">**[Geographic](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md#geographic):** direct users to specific apps based on which geographic location their DNS query originates from.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="eb759-116">For more information, see [Traffic Manager routing methods](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-116">For more information, see [Traffic Manager routing methods](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md).</span></span>

## <a name="app-service-and-traffic-manager-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="eb759-117">App Service and Traffic Manager Profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-117">App Service and Traffic Manager Profiles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="eb759-118">To configure the control of App Service app traffic, you create a profile in Azure Traffic Manager that uses one of the three load balancing methods described previously, and then add the endpoints (in this case, App Service) for which you want to control traffic to the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-118">To configure the control of App Service app traffic, you create a profile in Azure Traffic Manager that uses one of the three load balancing methods described previously, and then add the endpoints (in this case, App Service) for which you want to control traffic to the profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-119">Your app status (running, stopped, or deleted) is regularly communicated to the profile so that Azure Traffic Manager can direct traffic accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-119">Your app status (running, stopped, or deleted) is regularly communicated to the profile so that Azure Traffic Manager can direct traffic accordingly.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="eb759-120">When using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure, keep in mind the following points:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-120">When using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure, keep in mind the following points:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-121">For app only deployments within the same region, App Service already provides failover and round-robin functionality without regard to app mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-121">For app only deployments within the same region, App Service already provides failover and round-robin functionality without regard to app mode.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-122">For deployments in the same region that use App Service in conjunction with another Azure cloud service, you can combine both types of endpoints to enable hybrid scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-122">For deployments in the same region that use App Service in conjunction with another Azure cloud service, you can combine both types of endpoints to enable hybrid scenarios.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-123">You can only specify one App Service endpoint per region in a profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-123">You can only specify one App Service endpoint per region in a profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-124">When you select an app as an endpoint for one region, the remaining apps in that region become unavailable for selection for that profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-124">When you select an app as an endpoint for one region, the remaining apps in that region become unavailable for selection for that profile.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-125">The App Service endpoints that you specify in an Azure Traffic Manager profile appears under the **Domain Names** section on the Configure page for the app in the profile, but is not configurable there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-125">The App Service endpoints that you specify in an Azure Traffic Manager profile appears under the **Domain Names** section on the Configure page for the app in the profile, but is not configurable there.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-126">After you add an app to a profile, the **Site URL** on the Dashboard of the app's portal page displays the custom domain URL of the app if you have set one up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-126">After you add an app to a profile, the **Site URL** on the Dashboard of the app's portal page displays the custom domain URL of the app if you have set one up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-127">Otherwise, it displays the Traffic Manager profile URL (for example, `contoso.trafficmanager.net`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-127">Otherwise, it displays the Traffic Manager profile URL (for example, `contoso.trafficmanager.net`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-128">Both the direct domain name of the app and the Traffic Manager URL are visible on the app's Configure page under the **Domain Names** section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-128">Both the direct domain name of the app and the Traffic Manager URL are visible on the app's Configure page under the **Domain Names** section.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-129">Your custom domain names work as expected, but in addition to adding them to your apps, you must also configure your DNS map to point to the Traffic Manager URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-129">Your custom domain names work as expected, but in addition to adding them to your apps, you must also configure your DNS map to point to the Traffic Manager URL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="eb759-130">For information on how to set up a custom domain for an App Service app,  see [Map an existing custom DNS name to Azure Web Apps](app-service-web-tutorial-custom-domain.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-130">For information on how to set up a custom domain for an App Service app,  see [Map an existing custom DNS name to Azure Web Apps](app-service-web-tutorial-custom-domain.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="eb759-131">You can only add apps that are in standard or premium mode to an Azure Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-131">You can only add apps that are in standard or premium mode to an Azure Traffic Manager profile.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="eb759-132">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-132">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="eb759-133">For a conceptual and technical overview of Azure Traffic Manager, see [Traffic Manager Overview](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-133">For a conceptual and technical overview of Azure Traffic Manager, see [Traffic Manager Overview](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="eb759-134">For more information about using Traffic Manager with App Service, see the blog posts [Using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure Web Sites](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/waws/archive/2014/03/18/using-windows-azure-traffic-manager-with-waws.aspx) and [Azure Traffic Manager can now integrate with Azure Web Sites](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/03/27/azure-traffic-manager-can-now-integrate-with-azure-web-sites/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="eb759-134">For more information about using Traffic Manager with App Service, see the blog posts [Using Azure Traffic Manager with Azure Web Sites](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/waws/archive/2014/03/18/using-windows-azure-traffic-manager-with-waws.aspx) and [Azure Traffic Manager can now integrate with Azure Web Sites](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/03/27/azure-traffic-manager-can-now-integrate-with-azure-web-sites/).</span></span>

