# <a name="technical-content-channel-guidance"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8d84-101">Technical content channel guidance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-101">Technical content channel guidance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8d84-102">GitHub is a relatively easy way (once you get over the Git hump) to author and publish technical content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-102">GitHub is a relatively easy way (once you get over the Git hump) to author and publish technical content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-103">But we need to ensure that content stays within the boundaries of technical documentation - there are other channels for other types of information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-103">But we need to ensure that content stays within the boundaries of technical documentation - there are other channels for other types of information.</span></span>

## <a name="technical-content-that-belongs-in-the-azure-docs-pr-repository"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8d84-104">Technical content that belongs in the azure-docs-pr repository</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-104">Technical content that belongs in the azure-docs-pr repository</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8d84-105">The following types of content are authored in azure-docs-pr and published to https://docs.microsoft.com/azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-105">The following types of content are authored in azure-docs-pr and published to https://docs.microsoft.com/azure.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="a8d84-106">**Technical articles about using the product** belong in the azure-docs and azure-docs-pr repositories for publication to http://docs.microsoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-106">**Technical articles about using the product** belong in the azure-docs and azure-docs-pr repositories for publication to http://docs.microsoft.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-107">They should contain conceptual or procedural information required to understand and use the product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-107">They should contain conceptual or procedural information required to understand and use the product.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-108">The technical content channel is for technical content showing people **how** to do something.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-108">The technical content channel is for technical content showing people **how** to do something.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-109">You can talk about the "what" and "why" to help customers understand intent, but the articles should focus on the actual content telling people how to do the task or complete the scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-109">You can talk about the "what" and "why" to help customers understand intent, but the articles should focus on the actual content telling people how to do the task or complete the scenario.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a8d84-110">Specific guidance exists for certain types of content, such as customer stories and service limits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-110">Specific guidance exists for certain types of content, such as customer stories and service limits.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-111">**Case studies/customer stories**: In principle, customer stories/case studies can live either on the customer stories site (https://customers.microsoft.com/) or in the technical documentation repository, which publishes to https://docs.microsoft.com/azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-111">**Case studies/customer stories**: In principle, customer stories/case studies can live either on the customer stories site (https://customers.microsoft.com/) or in the technical documentation repository, which publishes to https://docs.microsoft.com/azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-112">The difference is audience and technical depth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-112">The difference is audience and technical depth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-113">The customer stories site addresses BDM and TDM audiences, and the content is not about technical deployment or operational details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-113">The customer stories site addresses BDM and TDM audiences, and the content is not about technical deployment or operational details.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-114">The technical content channel addresses evaluators, implementers, and users and goes into technical depth appropriate for new to advanced users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-114">The technical content channel addresses evaluators, implementers, and users and goes into technical depth appropriate for new to advanced users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-115">Customer stories require approval, see [the wiki for more info](https://aka.ms/custstoryaz).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-115">Customer stories require approval, see [the wiki for more info](https://aka.ms/custstoryaz).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-116">**Service limits**: Every service where subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints apply must have an include file that documents the most important limits, quotas, or constraints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-116">**Service limits**: Every service where subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints apply must have an include file that documents the most important limits, quotas, or constraints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-117">The include must be added to the all-up ["Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints"](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-subscription-service-limits) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-117">The include must be added to the all-up ["Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints"](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-subscription-service-limits) article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-118">Optionally, a service-specific limits article may also be published to the service-specific content; the include must be reused in that article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-118">Optionally, a service-specific limits article may also be published to the service-specific content; the include must be reused in that article.</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-119">**Top issue troubleshooting content**: Most technical troubleshooting content should be published as KB articles at https://support.microsoft.com/.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-119">**Top issue troubleshooting content**: Most technical troubleshooting content should be published as KB articles at https://support.microsoft.com/.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-120">Per agreement with CSS and Apex management, each Azure service may also publish a limited set of two types of troubleshooting content with their technical documentation on http://docs.microsoft.com:   up to 10 top issue troubleshooting articles per service, and up to 10 troubleshooting index articles that summarize the symptoms, causes, quick steps, and links to other content (KB articles or documentation) for top call drivers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-120">Per agreement with CSS and Apex management, each Azure service may also publish a limited set of two types of troubleshooting content with their technical documentation on http://docs.microsoft.com:   up to 10 top issue troubleshooting articles per service, and up to 10 troubleshooting index articles that summarize the symptoms, causes, quick steps, and links to other content (KB articles or documentation) for top call drivers.</span></span>

## <a name="technical-content-that-does-not-belong-in-the-azure-docs-pr-repository"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8d84-121">Technical content that does not belong in the azure-docs-pr repository</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-121">Technical content that does not belong in the azure-docs-pr repository</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8d84-122">The following types of content are delivered in other Azure or Microsoft content channels; in some cases, certain types of content are not part of our content strategy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-122">The following types of content are delivered in other Azure or Microsoft content channels; in some cases, certain types of content are not part of our content strategy.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-123">**Blog posts**: Blog posts are typically written in the first person voice and are generally related to announcements and promotions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-123">**Blog posts**: Blog posts are typically written in the first person voice and are generally related to announcements and promotions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-124">This sort of content typically belongs on the Azure blog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-124">This sort of content typically belongs on the Azure blog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-125">Deeply technical or procedural content does not go on the blog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-125">Deeply technical or procedural content does not go on the blog.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-126">**Code and project samples**: Code and project samples go in the samples repositories and are featured in the sample gallery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-126">**Code and project samples**: Code and project samples go in the samples repositories and are featured in the sample gallery.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-127">**Community spotlight/community resources**: Articles featuring community projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-127">**Community spotlight/community resources**: Articles featuring community projects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-128">The repo is for technical content about how to use the product from the Microsoft perspective, not about how people are using the product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-128">The repo is for technical content about how to use the product from the Microsoft perspective, not about how people are using the product.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-129">That's marketing or possibly blog content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-129">That's marketing or possibly blog content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-130">Or, let the community tell it's own story in the places that community likes best!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-130">Or, let the community tell it's own story in the places that community likes best!</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-131">**Compliance**: Industry standards and compliance information for Azure services must be posted to https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance?service=Azure#Icons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-131">**Compliance**: Industry standards and compliance information for Azure services must be posted to https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance?service=Azure#Icons.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-132">This includes certification for standards such as ISO, country-specific and government certifications, banking, health, or other certifications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-132">This includes certification for standards such as ISO, country-specific and government certifications, banking, health, or other certifications.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-133">**Downloadable files**: Technical documents should be delivered as articles, not downloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-133">**Downloadable files**: Technical documents should be delivered as articles, not downloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-134">Do not create downloadable PDFs of content from the technical content repository.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-134">Do not create downloadable PDFs of content from the technical content repository.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-135">Other downloadable things should go to the Download Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-135">Other downloadable things should go to the Download Center.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-136">**Feedback**:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-136">**Feedback**:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-137">Soliciting feedback via email addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-137">Soliciting feedback via email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-138">The approved feedback paths for Azure content include the feedback link that appears in the site footer, the satisfaction rating and verbatim control, the Disqus comments, direct article contributions through GitHub pull requests, and the UserVoice site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-138">The approved feedback paths for Azure content include the feedback link that appears in the site footer, the satisfaction rating and verbatim control, the Disqus comments, direct article contributions through GitHub pull requests, and the UserVoice site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-139">Please don't add to this plethora of channels by asking people to send feedback via email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-139">Please don't add to this plethora of channels by asking people to send feedback via email.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-140">Articles asking for feedback are not technical content and should not be published.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-140">Articles asking for feedback are not technical content and should not be published.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-141">There are plenty of feedback methods available on the site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-141">There are plenty of feedback methods available on the site.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-142">**Future product plans**: Do not publish statements about future product plans in technical documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-142">**Future product plans**: Do not publish statements about future product plans in technical documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-143">Technical documentation should describe only what is possible in the released product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-143">Technical documentation should describe only what is possible in the released product.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-144">**Learning paths**: Learning paths are delivered at https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/learning-paths/.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-144">**Learning paths**: Learning paths are delivered at https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/learning-paths/.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-145">See http://acomdocs.azurewebsites.net/articles/contributing-acom-learning-path/ for instructions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-145">See http://acomdocs.azurewebsites.net/articles/contributing-acom-learning-path/ for instructions.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-146">**Legal terms**: There are all-up Azure legal terms: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-146">**Legal terms**: There are all-up Azure legal terms: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-147">**Marketing content**: Content that provides a high-level feature/benefit description or that just lists at a high level the capabilities of a service is probably marketing content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-147">**Marketing content**: Content that provides a high-level feature/benefit description or that just lists at a high level the capabilities of a service is probably marketing content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-148">It belongs in marketing areas of the site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-148">It belongs in marketing areas of the site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-149">To publish marketing content, file a work request for azure.microsoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-149">To publish marketing content, file a work request for azure.microsoft.com.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-150">**Placeholder articles for future content**: Do not publish "coming soon" articles as placeholders for future content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-150">**Placeholder articles for future content**: Do not publish "coming soon" articles as placeholders for future content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-151">We only publish actual technical content articles that contain relevant, useful technical content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-151">We only publish actual technical content articles that contain relevant, useful technical content.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-152">**Pricing information**: You can talk about the impact technical choices have on cost in a general way, but do not quote specific pricing details in technical articles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-152">**Pricing information**: You can talk about the impact technical choices have on cost in a general way, but do not quote specific pricing details in technical articles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-153">Instead, provide a link to the pricing page for the service you're talking about.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-153">Instead, provide a link to the pricing page for the service you're talking about.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-154">**Pointer articles to downloads**: Instead of pointing small pages that contain nothing but a link to a download, just link to the download from the relevant technical content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-154">**Pointer articles to downloads**: Instead of pointing small pages that contain nothing but a link to a download, just link to the download from the relevant technical content.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-155">**Privacy information**: There is an all-up privacy policy for Microsoft Online Services that covers all of Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-155">**Privacy information**: There is an all-up privacy policy for Microsoft Online Services that covers all of Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-156">Privacy information specific to a service should be presented as technical content, not "privacy statements".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-156">Privacy information specific to a service should be presented as technical content, not "privacy statements".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-157">See https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-157">See https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-158">**Redirect articles**:  Do not republish an article so that the content of the article is a link to the replacement content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-158">**Redirect articles**:  Do not republish an article so that the content of the article is a link to the replacement content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-159">Convert the article into an actual redirect so the user doesn't have to click to go the the replacement content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-159">Convert the article into an actual redirect so the user doesn't have to click to go the the replacement content.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-160">**Reference content**: managed reference, REST APIs, PowerShell cmdlet help, schema reference, and error reference content is published to docs.microsoft.com, but not through this repository.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-160">**Reference content**: managed reference, REST APIs, PowerShell cmdlet help, schema reference, and error reference content is published to docs.microsoft.com, but not through this repository.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-161">**Regions**: In technical articles, do not discuss, describe, or explain the regions in which a feature, product, service, or procedure applies or is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-161">**Regions**: In technical articles, do not discuss, describe, or explain the regions in which a feature, product, service, or procedure applies or is available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-162">Feature and service availability by region is documented only on the following ACOM page: https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-162">Feature and service availability by region is documented only on the following ACOM page: https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-163">Provide a link to the ACOM page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-163">Provide a link to the ACOM page.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-164">You can use specific regions in examples when you are describing procedures or tools where a customer has to work across regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-164">You can use specific regions in examples when you are describing procedures or tools where a customer has to work across regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-165">For example, this sentence is OK: "The following screenshot shows two pings from two different region client machines, one in the East Asia region and one in the West US."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-165">For example, this sentence is OK: "The following screenshot shows two pings from two different region client machines, one in the East Asia region and one in the West US."</span></span>
    
* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-166">**Release notes**: Unless it's an SDK article or a StorSimple article for a hardware update, this sort of information should just be embedded in the relevant technical content or included in the [service updates channel](http://acomdocs.azurewebsites.net/articles/service-updates-overview/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-166">**Release notes**: Unless it's an SDK article or a StorSimple article for a hardware update, this sort of information should just be embedded in the relevant technical content or included in the [service updates channel](http://acomdocs.azurewebsites.net/articles/service-updates-overview/).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-167">**SLA**: Do not mention any specifics about SLAs in the technical documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-167">**SLA**: Do not mention any specifics about SLAs in the technical documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-168">Always point to the SLA page for the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-168">Always point to the SLA page for the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-169">The SLA index page is here: https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-169">The SLA index page is here: https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-170">Example: "For information about the SLA, see the [Azure service level agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) page."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-170">Example: "For information about the SLA, see the [Azure service level agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) page."</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-171">**Troubleshooting content of most types**: Although each service may include up to 10 troubleshooting articles and index files as described above, most formal troubleshooting and support content should be published as KB articles on http://support.microsoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-171">**Troubleshooting content of most types**: Although each service may include up to 10 troubleshooting articles and index files as described above, most formal troubleshooting and support content should be published as KB articles on http://support.microsoft.com.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a8d84-172">**What's new in a release or service**:  Lists or descriptions of what is new in a release or service go to the [Service Updates channel](http://acomdocs.azurewebsites.net/articles/service-updates-overview/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8d84-172">**What's new in a release or service**:  Lists or descriptions of what is new in a release or service go to the [Service Updates channel](http://acomdocs.azurewebsites.net/articles/service-updates-overview/).</span></span>
