# <a name="steps-to-follow-when-you-want-to-delete-move-or-rename-an-azure-technical-article"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-101">Steps to follow when you want to delete, move, or rename an Azure technical article</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-101">Steps to follow when you want to delete, move, or rename an Azure technical article</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-102">This guidance is for SMEs who are listed as the author of an Azure technical article that needs to be deleted, moved, or renamed in docs.microsoft.com/azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-102">This guidance is for SMEs who are listed as the author of an Azure technical article that needs to be deleted, moved, or renamed in docs.microsoft.com/azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-103">First off, in our current repo configuration, you must not ever actually delete, move, or rename an article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-103">First off, in our current repo configuration, you must not ever actually delete, move, or rename an article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-104">Here's how to think about these concepts:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-104">Here's how to think about these concepts:</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="1de62-105">**Delete**: If you want to delete an article, you have to turn it into a redirect and leave the article in place.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-105">**Delete**: If you want to delete an article, you have to turn it into a redirect and leave the article in place.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="1de62-106">**Move**: If you want to move an article, turn the current article into a redirect and then create a new article in the new folder location, and copy the content to the new article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-106">**Move**: If you want to move an article, turn the current article into a redirect and then create a new article in the new folder location, and copy the content to the new article.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="1de62-107">**Rename**: Functionally, renaming is similar to moving.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-107">**Rename**: Functionally, renaming is similar to moving.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-108">You turn the current article into a redirect and then create a new article with the same file name, but in the same folder location, and copy the content to the new article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-108">You turn the current article into a redirect and then create a new article with the same file name, but in the same folder location, and copy the content to the new article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-109">If you're a member of our Azure community and you think an article should be retired for any reason, please leave a comment in the comment stream for the article to let the author know something is wrong with the article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-109">If you're a member of our Azure community and you think an article should be retired for any reason, please leave a comment in the comment stream for the article to let the author know something is wrong with the article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-110">When authors want to retire, rename, or move articles, they need to follow specific steps to avoid bad experiences on the web site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-110">When authors want to retire, rename, or move articles, they need to follow specific steps to avoid bad experiences on the web site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-111">Our goal should be to gracefully retire content so users of the website don't find broken links and receive 404 errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-111">Our goal should be to gracefully retire content so users of the website don't find broken links and receive 404 errors.</span></span> 

## <a name="automated-solution"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-112">Automated solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-112">Automated solution</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-113">If you have to move a large number of files, or all files in one directory to another, [this tool](https://github.com/squillace/gitwork/tree/master/dotnet/move) may allow you to automate most of this work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-113">If you have to move a large number of files, or all files in one directory to another, [this tool](https://github.com/squillace/gitwork/tree/master/dotnet/move) may allow you to automate most of this work.</span></span>

## <a name="manual-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-114">Manual steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-114">Manual steps</span></span>
### <a name="step-1-set-the-article-to-noindex-and-republish-it-as-appropriate"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-115">Step 1: Set the article to NOINDEX and republish it (as appropriate)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-115">Step 1: Set the article to NOINDEX and republish it (as appropriate)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-116">Do this step if you are preparing to deprecate content and do not want it to be discoverable, but you want it to remain published to support inbound links.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-116">Do this step if you are preparing to deprecate content and do not want it to be discoverable, but you want it to remain published to support inbound links.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-117">To do this, add the following line as the last entry in the metadata section of the article:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-117">To do this, add the following line as the last entry in the metadata section of the article:</span></span>
  ```
  ROBOTS: NOINDEX
  ``` 
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-118">By using NOINDEX alone, you allow cross-links to current content that are embedded in the article to be crawled, and you avoid creating a dead-end for search crawlers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-118">By using NOINDEX alone, you allow cross-links to current content that are embedded in the article to be crawled, and you avoid creating a dead-end for search crawlers.</span></span>


### <a name="step-2-turn-the-original-article-into-a-redirect-and-create-the-new-file-if-you-are-renaming-or-moving-a-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-119">Step 2: Turn the original article into a redirect, and create the new file if you are renaming or moving a file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-119">Step 2: Turn the original article into a redirect, and create the new file if you are renaming or moving a file.</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-120">In our publishing workflow, the article you want to retire, rename, or move must remain in place so you can create a redirect to the new article or to the replacement content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-120">In our publishing workflow, the article you want to retire, rename, or move must remain in place so you can create a redirect to the new article or to the replacement content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-121">You turn an article into a redirect by deleting the article metadata and content and adding just the redirect metadata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-121">You turn an article into a redirect by deleting the article metadata and content and adding just the redirect metadata.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-122">Make the changes that match what you want to do:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-122">Make the changes that match what you want to do:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1de62-123">**Retire**: Change the metadata so the article redirects to the service landing page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-123">**Retire**: Change the metadata so the article redirects to the service landing page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-124">If the service is being deprecated, redirect the pages to the Azure hub page on docs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-124">If the service is being deprecated, redirect the pages to the Azure hub page on docs.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1de62-125">**Rename**: Create a copy of the article, give the file its new name, and then change the metadata of the original article so the article redirects to the new one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-125">**Rename**: Create a copy of the article, give the file its new name, and then change the metadata of the original article so the article redirects to the new one.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1de62-126">**Move**: Create a copy of the article in the new location, and then change the metadata of the original article so the article redirects to the new one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-126">**Move**: Create a copy of the article in the new location, and then change the metadata of the original article so the article redirects to the new one.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-127">For example, if you want to move a file from the `articles` folder into a sub-folder, you need to update the original file to contain just metadata in the header.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-127">For example, if you want to move a file from the `articles` folder into a sub-folder, you need to update the original file to contain just metadata in the header.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-128">The `/azure/` part is important, as the root of the site is `docs.microsoft.com`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-128">The `/azure/` part is important, as the root of the site is `docs.microsoft.com`.</span></span> 
```
---
redirect_url: /azure/azure-resource-manager/resource-manager-subscription-examples
redirect_document_id: TRUE 
---
```

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-129">See [the OPS documentation](https://opsdocs.azurewebsites.net/opsdocs/partnerdocs/opredirection?branch=master) for more details on how to turn an article into a redirect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-129">See [the OPS documentation](https://opsdocs.azurewebsites.net/opsdocs/partnerdocs/opredirection?branch=master) for more details on how to turn an article into a redirect.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-130">Do not delete articles from the azure-docs-pr or azure-docs repositories, period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-130">Do not delete articles from the azure-docs-pr or azure-docs repositories, period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-131">If you delete an article, you cannot create the article-level redirects, which guarantees that customers will experience 404s.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-131">If you delete an article, you cannot create the article-level redirects, which guarantees that customers will experience 404s.</span></span>
    
### <a name="step-3-remove-or-update-all-crosslinks-to-the-article-from-the-technical-content-repository"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-132">Step 3: Remove or update all crosslinks to the article from the technical content repository</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-132">Step 3: Remove or update all crosslinks to the article from the technical content repository</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-133">Do not rely on redirects to take care of crosslinks from other articles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-133">Do not rely on redirects to take care of crosslinks from other articles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-134">Update or remove the cross references to the article you are retiring, renaming, or moving, including links in articles owned by other authors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-134">Update or remove the cross references to the article you are retiring, renaming, or moving, including links in articles owned by other authors.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1de62-135">Ensure you are working in an up-to-date local branch – run `git pull upstream master` (or the appropriate variation on this command).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-135">Ensure you are working in an up-to-date local branch – run `git pull upstream master` (or the appropriate variation on this command).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1de62-136">Scan the azure-docs-pr/articles folder and the azure-docs-pr/includes folder for any articles and includes that link to the article you want to retire, move, or rename.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-136">Scan the azure-docs-pr/articles folder and the azure-docs-pr/includes folder for any articles and includes that link to the article you want to retire, move, or rename.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-137">Either remove the crosslinks or replace them with an appropriate new crosslink.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-137">Either remove the crosslinks or replace them with an appropriate new crosslink.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-138">You can use a search and replace utility to find the crosslinks if you have one installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-138">You can use a search and replace utility to find the crosslinks if you have one installed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-139">If you don't, you can use Windows PowerShell for free!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-139">If you don't, you can use Windows PowerShell for free!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-140">Here's how to use PowerShell to find the crosslinks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-140">Here's how to use PowerShell to find the crosslinks:</span></span>
   
   <span data-ttu-id="1de62-141">a.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-141">a.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-142">Start Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-142">Start Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
   
   <span data-ttu-id="1de62-143">b.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-143">b.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-144">At the PowerShell prompt, change into the azure-docs-pr\articles folder:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-144">At the PowerShell prompt, change into the azure-docs-pr\articles folder:</span></span>
   
     `cd azure-docs-pr\articles`
   
   <span data-ttu-id="1de62-145">c.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-145">c.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-146">Type this command, which will list all files that contain a reference to the article you are deleting:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-146">Type this command, which will list all files that contain a reference to the article you are deleting:</span></span>
   
     `Get-ChildItem -Recurse -Include *.md* | Select-String "<the name of the topic you are deleting>" | group path | select name`
   
   <span data-ttu-id="1de62-147">If you prefer to send the list of file names to a text file (in this case, named psoutput.txt), you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-147">If you prefer to send the list of file names to a text file (in this case, named psoutput.txt), you can:</span></span>
   
     `Get-ChildItem -Recurse -Include *.md* | Select-String "<the name of the topic you are deleting>" | group path | select name | Out-File C:\Users\<your account>\psoutput.txt`

3. <span data-ttu-id="1de62-148">Add and commit all your changes, push them to your fork, and create a pull request to move your changes from your fork to the master branch of the main repository.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-148">Add and commit all your changes, push them to your fork, and create a pull request to move your changes from your fork to the master branch of the main repository.</span></span>

### <a name="step-4-request-acom-to-docs-redirection"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-149">Step 4: Request ACOM-to-DOCS redirection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-149">Step 4: Request ACOM-to-DOCS redirection</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-150">If your article existed on ACOM, you need to request that the ACOM-to-DOCs redirect file be updated so the old ACOM URL (azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/article-name) redirects to the new article on docs or to the service landing page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-150">If your article existed on ACOM, you need to request that the ACOM-to-DOCs redirect file be updated so the old ACOM URL (azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/article-name) redirects to the new article on docs or to the service landing page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-151">File a bug at https://aka.ms/acomtodocsredirect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-151">File a bug at https://aka.ms/acomtodocsredirect.</span></span>

### <a name="step-6-publish"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-152">Step 6: Publish</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-152">Step 6: Publish</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-153">Publish your changes to the article repository by submitting a pull request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-153">Publish your changes to the article repository by submitting a pull request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-154">Test that the redirects work in staging before you sign-off on the PR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-154">Test that the redirects work in staging before you sign-off on the PR.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-155">Make sure that the ACOM-to-DOCS redirection goes live the same day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-155">Make sure that the ACOM-to-DOCS redirection goes live the same day.</span></span>

### <a name="step-7-cleanup-tasks"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-156">Step 7: Cleanup tasks</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-156">Step 7: Cleanup tasks</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-157">These cleanup tasks need to be performed immediately after the changes are published.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-157">These cleanup tasks need to be performed immediately after the changes are published.</span></span>

#### <a name="fix-acom-links"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-158">Fix ACOM links</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-158">Fix ACOM links</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-159">File a work item with the ACOM team to remove any crosslinks to retired articles from pages on azure.microsoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-159">File a work item with the ACOM team to remove any crosslinks to retired articles from pages on azure.microsoft.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-160">If you renamed or moved articles, file a work item to have crosslinks on ACOM updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-160">If you renamed or moved articles, file a work item to have crosslinks on ACOM updated.</span></span>

#### <a name="update-the-fwlink-tool"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-161">Update the FWLink tool</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-161">Update the FWLink tool</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-162">Check the FWLink tool for any FWLinks that might point to the article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-162">Check the FWLink tool for any FWLinks that might point to the article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-163">Update the FWLinks to point at the appropriate replacement content; if you are not on the alias that owns the link, join it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-163">Update the FWLinks to point at the appropriate replacement content; if you are not on the alias that owns the link, join it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-164">If the owners won't update the link or let you join the alias, file a ticket at https://msdnhelp to have the link changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-164">If the owners won't update the link or let you join the alias, file a ticket at https://msdnhelp to have the link changed.</span></span> 

#### <a name="manage-inbound-links"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-165">Manage inbound links</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-165">Manage inbound links</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-166">Determine if there are any high-traffic non-Microsoft inbound links to your content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-166">Determine if there are any high-traffic non-Microsoft inbound links to your content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-167">Frequently, blogs, forums, and other web content point to articles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-167">Frequently, blogs, forums, and other web content point to articles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-168">You can work with content owners to change or remove these links, and you can remove or update links from forum posts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-168">You can work with content owners to change or remove these links, and you can remove or update links from forum posts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-169">Web analytics tools can tell you if there are any high-traffic inbound links you might need to manage in this way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-169">Web analytics tools can tell you if there are any high-traffic inbound links you might need to manage in this way.</span></span>

#### <a name="remove-cached-pages-from-search-engines-only-if-absolutely-necessary"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-170">Remove cached pages from search engines (only if absolutely necessary)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-170">Remove cached pages from search engines (only if absolutely necessary)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-171">Do this ONLY if the content needs to be removed from search quickly due to legal or severe customer issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-171">Do this ONLY if the content needs to be removed from search quickly due to legal or severe customer issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-172">Per best practices from Google, normal priority content should be removed from search through natural search engine processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-172">Per best practices from Google, normal priority content should be removed from search through natural search engine processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1de62-173">Go to these web pages to remove cached web pages from search engines:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-173">Go to these web pages to remove cached web pages from search engines:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1de62-174">[Bing](https://www.bing.com/webmaster/tools/content-removal?rflid=1)
[Google](https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/removals?pli=1)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-174">[Bing](https://www.bing.com/webmaster/tools/content-removal?rflid=1)
[Google](https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/removals?pli=1)</span></span>

#### <a name="redirect-cleanup"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-175">Redirect cleanup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-175">Redirect cleanup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1de62-176">The length of time an article-level redirect stays in place is TBD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-176">The length of time an article-level redirect stays in place is TBD.</span></span>

#### <a name="contributors-guide-links"></a><span data-ttu-id="1de62-177">Contributors' guide links</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-177">Contributors' guide links</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="1de62-178">Overview article</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-178">Overview article</span></span>](../README.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1de62-179">Index of guidance articles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1de62-179">Index of guidance articles</span></span>](contributor-guide-index.md)

