# <a name="writing-azure-documentation---style-and-voice-cheat-sheet"></a><span data-ttu-id="b94ae-101">Writing Azure documentation - style and voice cheat sheet</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-101">Writing Azure documentation - style and voice cheat sheet</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b94ae-102">Here's a cheat sheet that contains pointers about how to write technical articles for Azure services and technologies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-102">Here's a cheat sheet that contains pointers about how to write technical articles for Azure services and technologies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-103">These guidelines apply whether you are creating new documentation or updating existing documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-103">These guidelines apply whether you are creating new documentation or updating existing documentation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b94ae-104">At a bare minimum, please:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-104">At a bare minimum, please:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-105">Spell check and grammar check your topics, even if you have to cut and paste into Word to do it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-105">Spell check and grammar check your topics, even if you have to cut and paste into Word to do it.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-106">Use a casual and friendly voice--like you were talking to another person one-on-one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-106">Use a casual and friendly voice--like you were talking to another person one-on-one.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-107">Use simple sentences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-107">Use simple sentences.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-108">They are easier to understand, and they are more easily translated by both human and machine translators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-108">They are easier to understand, and they are more easily translated by both human and machine translators.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b94ae-109">The following sections contain a more details:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-109">The following sections contain a more details:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-110">[Use a customer-friendly voice]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-110">[Use a customer-friendly voice]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-111">[Consider localization and machine translation]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-111">[Consider localization and machine translation]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-112">[Other style and voice issues to watch for]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-112">[Other style and voice issues to watch for]</span></span>

## <a name="use-a-customer-friendly-voice"></a><span data-ttu-id="b94ae-113">Use a customer-friendly voice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-113">Use a customer-friendly voice</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b94ae-114">We aspire to follow these principles when we write technical content for Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-114">We aspire to follow these principles when we write technical content for Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-115">We may not always get there, but we need to keep trying!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-115">We may not always get there, but we need to keep trying!</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-116">**Use everyday words**: Try to use natural language, the words your customers use; be less formal but not less technical; provide examples that explain new concepts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-116">**Use everyday words**: Try to use natural language, the words your customers use; be less formal but not less technical; provide examples that explain new concepts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-117">**Write concisely**: Don't waste words and don't over explain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-117">**Write concisely**: Don't waste words and don't over explain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-118">Be affirmative and don't use extra words or lots of qualifiers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-118">Be affirmative and don't use extra words or lots of qualifiers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-119">Keep sentences short and concise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-119">Keep sentences short and concise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-120">Keep your topic focused.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-120">Keep your topic focused.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-121">If a task has a qualifier, put it at the beginning of the sentence or paragraph.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-121">If a task has a qualifier, put it at the beginning of the sentence or paragraph.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-122">Also, keep the number of notes to a minimum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-122">Also, keep the number of notes to a minimum.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-123">Use a screenshot when it can save words.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-123">Use a screenshot when it can save words.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-124">**Easy to scan**: Put the most important things first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-124">**Easy to scan**: Put the most important things first.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-125">Use sections to chunk long procedures into more manageable groups of steps (procedures with more than 12 steps are probably too long).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-125">Use sections to chunk long procedures into more manageable groups of steps (procedures with more than 12 steps are probably too long).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-126">Use a screenshot when it adds clarity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-126">Use a screenshot when it adds clarity.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-127">**Show empathy**: Use a supportive tone in the article, and keep disclaimers to a minimum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-127">**Show empathy**: Use a supportive tone in the article, and keep disclaimers to a minimum.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-128">Honestly call out areas that will be frustrating to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-128">Honestly call out areas that will be frustrating to customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-129">Make sure the article focuses on what matters to the customer, don't just give a technical lecture.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-129">Make sure the article focuses on what matters to the customer, don't just give a technical lecture.</span></span>

## <a name="consider-localization-and-machine-translation"></a><span data-ttu-id="b94ae-130">Consider localization and machine translation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-130">Consider localization and machine translation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b94ae-131">Our technical articles are translated into many other languages, and some are modified for particular markets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-131">Our technical articles are translated into many other languages, and some are modified for particular markets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-132">People might also be using machine translation on the web to read the technical articles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-132">People might also be using machine translation on the web to read the technical articles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-133">So, write with the following guidance in mind:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-133">So, write with the following guidance in mind:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-134">**Make sure the article contains no grammar, spelling, or punctuation errors**: This is something we should do in general.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-134">**Make sure the article contains no grammar, spelling, or punctuation errors**: This is something we should do in general.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-135">Markdown Pad 2.0 has a basic spell checker, but you should also paste the (rendered HTML) content from the article into Word, which has a more robust spell and grammar checker.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-135">Markdown Pad 2.0 has a basic spell checker, but you should also paste the (rendered HTML) content from the article into Word, which has a more robust spell and grammar checker.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-136">**Make your sentences as short as possible**: Compound sentences or chains of clauses  make translation difficult.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-136">**Make your sentences as short as possible**: Compound sentences or chains of clauses  make translation difficult.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-137">Split up sentences if you can do it without being too redundant or sounding weird.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-137">Split up sentences if you can do it without being too redundant or sounding weird.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-138">We don't really want articles written in unnatural language either.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-138">We don't really want articles written in unnatural language either.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-139">**Use simple and consistent sentence construction**: Consistency is better for translation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-139">**Use simple and consistent sentence construction**: Consistency is better for translation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-140">Avoid parentheticals and asides, and have the subject as near the beginning of the sentence as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-140">Avoid parentheticals and asides, and have the subject as near the beginning of the sentence as possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-141">Check out a few published topics - if the topic has a friendly, easy to read style, use it as a model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-141">Check out a few published topics - if the topic has a friendly, easy to read style, use it as a model.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-142">**Use consistent wording and capitalization**: Again, consistency is key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-142">**Use consistent wording and capitalization**: Again, consistency is key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-143">Azure uses sentence casing for titles, so never capitalize a word if it isn't at the start of a sentence or a proper noun.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-143">Azure uses sentence casing for titles, so never capitalize a word if it isn't at the start of a sentence or a proper noun.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-144">**Include the "small words"**: Words that we consider small and unimportant in English because they are understood for context (such as "a", "the", "that", and "is") are crucial for machine translation - make sure you include them!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-144">**Include the "small words"**: Words that we consider small and unimportant in English because they are understood for context (such as "a", "the", "that", and "is") are crucial for machine translation - make sure you include them!</span></span>

## <a name="other-style-and-voice-issues-to-watch-for"></a><span data-ttu-id="b94ae-145">Other style and voice issues to watch for</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-145">Other style and voice issues to watch for</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-146">Don't break up steps with commentary or asides.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-146">Don't break up steps with commentary or asides.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-147">For steps that include code snippets, put additional information about the step into the code as comments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-147">For steps that include code snippets, put additional information about the step into the code as comments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-148">This reduces the amount of text people have to read through, and the key information gets copied into the code project to remind people of what the code is doing when they refer to it later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-148">This reduces the amount of text people have to read through, and the key information gets copied into the code project to remind people of what the code is doing when they refer to it later.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-149">The official product name is “Microsoft Azure”, but we can almost always just say “Azure”, as in "Azure Mobile Services".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-149">The official product name is “Microsoft Azure”, but we can almost always just say “Azure”, as in "Azure Mobile Services".</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-150">Don’t create acronyms that start with "MA" or "A."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-150">Don’t create acronyms that start with "MA" or "A."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-151">Just use “Azure” at first reference before a service or feature name and then drop it (e.g. "Azure Mobile Services" becomes "Mobile Services" after first use).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-151">Just use “Azure” at first reference before a service or feature name and then drop it (e.g. "Azure Mobile Services" becomes "Mobile Services" after first use).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-152">Try to avoid acronyms in general - they just confuse people.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-152">Try to avoid acronyms in general - they just confuse people.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-153">Azure uses sentence casing for all titles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-153">Azure uses sentence casing for all titles.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-154">Use "sign-in" and not "log-in."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-154">Use "sign-in" and not "log-in."</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-155">Include the words "following" or "as follows" in every sentence that precedes a list or code snippet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-155">Include the words "following" or "as follows" in every sentence that precedes a list or code snippet.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-156">"SQL Database" is the Azure feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-156">"SQL Database" is the Azure feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-157">A "SQL database" is a database instance running on SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-157">A "SQL database" is a database instance running on SQL Database.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-158">Azure Storage includes several "data management services" that include the Table service, the Blob service, and the Queue service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-158">Azure Storage includes several "data management services" that include the Table service, the Blob service, and the Queue service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b94ae-159">(It's not called the "Azure Table storage service".)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-159">(It's not called the "Azure Table storage service".)</span></span>

### <a name="contributors-guide-links"></a><span data-ttu-id="b94ae-160">Contributors' Guide Links</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-160">Contributors' Guide Links</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="b94ae-161">Overview article</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-161">Overview article</span></span>](../README.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="b94ae-162">Index of guidance articles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b94ae-162">Index of guidance articles</span></span>](contributor-guide-index.md)

<!--Anchors-->
[Use a customer-friendly voice]: #use-a-customer-friendly-voice
[Consider localization and machine translation]: #consider-localization-and-machine-translation
[other style and voice issues to watch for]: #other-style-and-voice-issues-to-watch-for
