---
title: DevTest Labs concepts | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn the basic concepts of DevTest Labs, and how it can make it easy to create, manage, and monitor Azure virtual machines
services: devtest-lab,virtual-machines
documentationcenter: na
author: tomarcher
manager: douge
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 105919e8-3617-4ce3-a29f-a289fa608fb2
ms.service: devtest-lab
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/25/2016
ms.author: tarcher
ms.openlocfilehash: 1caea59e71126e934e2e52a1ad7f533ffa7d4b03
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44563571"
---
# <a name="devtest-labs-concepts"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-103">DevTest Labs concepts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-103">DevTest Labs concepts</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-105">The following list contains key DevTest Labs concepts and definitions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-105">The following list contains key DevTest Labs concepts and definitions:</span></span>

## <a name="labs"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-106">Labs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-106">Labs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-107">A lab is the infrastructure that encompasses a group of resources, such as Virtual Machines (VMs), that lets you better manage those resources by specifying limits and quotas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-107">A lab is the infrastructure that encompasses a group of resources, such as Virtual Machines (VMs), that lets you better manage those resources by specifying limits and quotas.</span></span>

## <a name="virtual-machine"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-108">Virtual machine</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-108">Virtual machine</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-109">An Azure VM is one of several types of [on-demand, scalable computing resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service-web/choose-web-site-cloud-service-vm) that Azure offers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-109">An Azure VM is one of several types of [on-demand, scalable computing resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service-web/choose-web-site-cloud-service-vm) that Azure offers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-110">Azure VMs give you the flexibility of virtualization without having to buy and maintain the physical hardware that runs it, although you still need to maintain the VM by performing certain tasks, such as configuring, patching, and installing the software that runs on it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-110">Azure VMs give you the flexibility of virtualization without having to buy and maintain the physical hardware that runs it, although you still need to maintain the VM by performing certain tasks, such as configuring, patching, and installing the software that runs on it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98921-111">[Overview of Windows virtual machines in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-windows-overview) gives you information about what you should consider before you create a VM, how you create it, and how you manage it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-111">[Overview of Windows virtual machines in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-windows-overview) gives you information about what you should consider before you create a VM, how you create it, and how you manage it.</span></span>

## <a name="claimable-vm"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-112">Claimable VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-112">Claimable VM</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-113">An Azure Claimable VM is a virtual machine that is available for use by any lab user with permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-113">An Azure Claimable VM is a virtual machine that is available for use by any lab user with permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-114">A lab admin can prepare VMs with specific base images and artifacts and save them to a shared pool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-114">A lab admin can prepare VMs with specific base images and artifacts and save them to a shared pool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-115">A lab user can then claim a working VM from the pool when they need one with that specific configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-115">A lab user can then claim a working VM from the pool when they need one with that specific configuration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98921-116">A VM that is claimable is not initially assigned to any particular user, but will show up in every user's list under "Claimable virtual machines".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-116">A VM that is claimable is not initially assigned to any particular user, but will show up in every user's list under "Claimable virtual machines".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-117">After a VM is claimed by a user, it is moved up to their "My virtual machines" area and is no longer claimable by any other user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-117">After a VM is claimed by a user, it is moved up to their "My virtual machines" area and is no longer claimable by any other user.</span></span>

## <a name="environment"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-118">Environment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-118">Environment</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-119">In DevTest Labs, an environment refers to a collection of Azure resources in a lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-119">In DevTest Labs, an environment refers to a collection of Azure resources in a lab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-120">[This blog post](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/devtestlab/2016/11/16/connect-2016-news-for-azure-devtest-labs-azure-resource-manager-template-based-environments-vm-auto-shutdown-and-more/) discusses how to create multi-VM environments from your Azure Resource Manager templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-120">[This blog post](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/devtestlab/2016/11/16/connect-2016-news-for-azure-devtest-labs-azure-resource-manager-template-based-environments-vm-auto-shutdown-and-more/) discusses how to create multi-VM environments from your Azure Resource Manager templates.</span></span>

## <a name="base-images"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-121">Base images</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-121">Base images</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-122">Base images are VM images with all the tools and settings preinstalled and configured to quickly create a VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-122">Base images are VM images with all the tools and settings preinstalled and configured to quickly create a VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-123">You can provision a VM by picking an existing base and adding an artifact to install your test agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-123">You can provision a VM by picking an existing base and adding an artifact to install your test agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-124">You can then save the provisioned VM as a base so that the base can be used without having to reinstall the test agent for each provisioning of the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-124">You can then save the provisioned VM as a base so that the base can be used without having to reinstall the test agent for each provisioning of the VM.</span></span>

## <a name="artifacts"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-125">Artifacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-125">Artifacts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-126">Artifacts are used to deploy and configure your application after a VM is provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-126">Artifacts are used to deploy and configure your application after a VM is provisioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-127">Artifacts can be:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-127">Artifacts can be:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="98921-128">Tools that you want to install on the VM - such as agents, Fiddler, and Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-128">Tools that you want to install on the VM - such as agents, Fiddler, and Visual Studio.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="98921-129">Actions that you want to run on the VM - such as cloning a repo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-129">Actions that you want to run on the VM - such as cloning a repo.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="98921-130">Applications that you want to test.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-130">Applications that you want to test.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98921-131">Artifacts are [Azure Resource Manager](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md) JSON files that contain instructions to perform deployment and apply configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-131">Artifacts are [Azure Resource Manager](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md) JSON files that contain instructions to perform deployment and apply configuration.</span></span>

## <a name="artifact-repositories"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-132">Artifact repositories</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-132">Artifact repositories</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-133">Artifact repositories are git repositories where artifacts are checked in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-133">Artifact repositories are git repositories where artifacts are checked in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-134">Artifact repositories can be added to multiple labs in your organization enabling reuse and sharing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-134">Artifact repositories can be added to multiple labs in your organization enabling reuse and sharing.</span></span>

## <a name="formulas"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-135">Formulas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-135">Formulas</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-136">Formulas, in addition to base images, provide a mechanism for fast VM provisioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-136">Formulas, in addition to base images, provide a mechanism for fast VM provisioning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-137">A formula in DevTest Labs is a list of default property values used to create a lab VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-137">A formula in DevTest Labs is a list of default property values used to create a lab VM.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-138">With formulas, VMs with the same set of properties - such as base image, VM size, virtual network, and artifacts - can be created without needing to specify those properties each time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-138">With formulas, VMs with the same set of properties - such as base image, VM size, virtual network, and artifacts - can be created without needing to specify those properties each time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-139">When creating a VM from a formula, the default values can be used as-is or modified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-139">When creating a VM from a formula, the default values can be used as-is or modified.</span></span>

## <a name="policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-140">Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-140">Policies</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-141">Policies help in controlling cost in your lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-141">Policies help in controlling cost in your lab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-142">For example, you can create a policy to automatically shut down VMs based on a defined schedule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-142">For example, you can create a policy to automatically shut down VMs based on a defined schedule.</span></span>

## <a name="caps"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-143">Caps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-143">Caps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-144">Caps is a mechanism to minimize waste in your lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-144">Caps is a mechanism to minimize waste in your lab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-145">For example, you can set a cap to restrict the number of VMs that can be created per user, or in a lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-145">For example, you can set a cap to restrict the number of VMs that can be created per user, or in a lab.</span></span>

## <a name="security-levels"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-146">Security levels</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-146">Security levels</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-147">Security access is determined by Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-147">Security access is determined by Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-148">To understand how access works, it helps to understand the differences between a permission, a role, and a scope as defined by RBAC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-148">To understand how access works, it helps to understand the differences between a permission, a role, and a scope as defined by RBAC.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="98921-149">Permission - A permission is a defined access to a specific action (e.g. read-access to all virtual machines).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-149">Permission - A permission is a defined access to a specific action (e.g. read-access to all virtual machines).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="98921-150">Role - A role is a set of permissions that can be grouped and assigned to a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-150">Role - A role is a set of permissions that can be grouped and assigned to a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-151">For example, the *subscription owner* role has access to all resources within a subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-151">For example, the *subscription owner* role has access to all resources within a subscription.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="98921-152">Scope - A scope is a level within the hierarchy of an Azure resource, such as a resource group, a single lab, or the entire subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-152">Scope - A scope is a level within the hierarchy of an Azure resource, such as a resource group, a single lab, or the entire subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98921-153">Within the scope of DevTest Labs, there are two types of roles to define user permissions: lab owner and lab user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-153">Within the scope of DevTest Labs, there are two types of roles to define user permissions: lab owner and lab user.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="98921-154">Lab Owner - A lab owner has access to any resources within the lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-154">Lab Owner - A lab owner has access to any resources within the lab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-155">Therefore, a lab owner can modify policies, read and write any VMs, change the virtual network, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-155">Therefore, a lab owner can modify policies, read and write any VMs, change the virtual network, and so on.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="98921-156">Lab User - A lab user can view all lab resources, such as VMs, policies, and virtual networks, but cannot modify policies or any VMs created by other users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-156">Lab User - A lab user can view all lab resources, such as VMs, policies, and virtual networks, but cannot modify policies or any VMs created by other users.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98921-157">To see how to create custom roles in DevTest Labs, refer to the article, [Grant user permissions to specific lab policies](devtest-lab-grant-user-permissions-to-specific-lab-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-157">To see how to create custom roles in DevTest Labs, refer to the article, [Grant user permissions to specific lab policies](devtest-lab-grant-user-permissions-to-specific-lab-policies.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98921-158">Since scopes are hierarchical, when a user has permissions at a certain scope, they are automatically granted those permissions at every lower-level scope encompassed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-158">Since scopes are hierarchical, when a user has permissions at a certain scope, they are automatically granted those permissions at every lower-level scope encompassed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-159">For instance, if a user is assigned to the role of subscription owner, then they have access to all resources in a subscription, which include all virtual machines, all virtual networks, and all labs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-159">For instance, if a user is assigned to the role of subscription owner, then they have access to all resources in a subscription, which include all virtual machines, all virtual networks, and all labs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-160">Therefore, a subscription owner automatically inherits the role of lab owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-160">Therefore, a subscription owner automatically inherits the role of lab owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-161">However, the opposite is not true.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-161">However, the opposite is not true.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-162">A lab owner has access to a lab, which is a lower scope than the subscription level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-162">A lab owner has access to a lab, which is a lower scope than the subscription level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98921-163">Therefore, a lab owner will not be able to see virtual machines or virtual networks or any resources that are outside of the lab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-163">Therefore, a lab owner will not be able to see virtual machines or virtual networks or any resources that are outside of the lab.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-resource-manager-templates"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-164">Azure Resource Manager templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-164">Azure Resource Manager templates</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98921-165">All of the concepts discussed in this article can be configured by using Azure Resource Manager templates, which let you define the infrastructure/configuration of your Azure solution and repeatedly deploy it in a consistent state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-165">All of the concepts discussed in this article can be configured by using Azure Resource Manager templates, which let you define the infrastructure/configuration of your Azure solution and repeatedly deploy it in a consistent state.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98921-166">[Understand the structure and syntax of Azure Resource Manager templates](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/resource-group-authoring-templates#template-format) describes the structure of an Azure Resource Manager template and the properties that are available in the different sections of a template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-166">[Understand the structure and syntax of Azure Resource Manager templates](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/resource-group-authoring-templates#template-format) describes the structure of an Azure Resource Manager template and the properties that are available in the different sections of a template.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [devtest-lab-try-it-out](../../includes/devtest-lab-try-it-out.md)]

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="98921-167">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-167">Next steps</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="98921-168">Create a lab in DevTest Labs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98921-168">Create a lab in DevTest Labs</span></span>](devtest-lab-create-lab.md)
