---
title: What is Azure Active Directory B2C? | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about how you can create and manage your application sign-in experience using Azure Active Directory B2C.
services: active-directory-b2c
author: davidmu1
manager: mtillman
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.topic: overview
ms.date: 04/05/2018
ms.author: davidmu
ms.component: B2C
ms.openlocfilehash: 6949ab89cf806818783c86199e6df334e263b046
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44823945"
---
# <a name="what-is-azure-active-directory-b2c"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-104">What is Azure Active Directory B2C?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-104">What is Azure Active Directory B2C?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-105">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) B2C is an identity management service that enables you to customize and control how customers sign up, sign in, and manage their profiles when using your applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-105">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) B2C is an identity management service that enables you to customize and control how customers sign up, sign in, and manage their profiles when using your applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-106">This includes applications developed for iOS, Android, and .NET, among others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-106">This includes applications developed for iOS, Android, and .NET, among others.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-107">Azure AD B2C enables these actions while protecting your customer identities at the same time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-107">Azure AD B2C enables these actions while protecting your customer identities at the same time.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-108">You can configure an application registered with Azure AD B2C to perform a variety of identity management actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-108">You can configure an application registered with Azure AD B2C to perform a variety of identity management actions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-109">Some examples are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-109">Some examples are:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-110">Enable a customer to sign up to use your registered application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-110">Enable a customer to sign up to use your registered application</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-111">Enable a signed-up customer to sign in and start using your application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-111">Enable a signed-up customer to sign in and start using your application</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-112">Enable a signed-up customer to edit their profile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-112">Enable a signed-up customer to edit their profile</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-113">Enable multi-factor authentication in your application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-113">Enable multi-factor authentication in your application</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-114">Enable the customer to sign up and sign in with specific identity providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-114">Enable the customer to sign up and sign in with specific identity providers</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-115">Grant access from your application to APIs that you build</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-115">Grant access from your application to APIs that you build</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-116">Customize the look and feel of the sign-up and sign-in experience</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-116">Customize the look and feel of the sign-up and sign-in experience</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-117">Manage single sign-on sessions for your application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-117">Manage single sign-on sessions for your application</span></span>

## <a name="what-do-i-need-to-think-about-before-using-azure-ad-b2c"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-118">What do I need to think about before using Azure AD B2C?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-118">What do I need to think about before using Azure AD B2C?</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-119">How do I want the customer to interact with my application?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-119">How do I want the customer to interact with my application?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-120">What is the user interface (UI) experience that I want to provide to customers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-120">What is the user interface (UI) experience that I want to provide to customers?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-121">Which identity providers do I want to let customers choose from in my application?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-121">Which identity providers do I want to let customers choose from in my application?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-122">Does my sign-in process require additional APIs to run?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-122">Does my sign-in process require additional APIs to run?</span></span>

### <a name="customer-interaction"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-123">Customer interaction</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-123">Customer interaction</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-124">Azure AD B2C supports [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) for all customer experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-124">Azure AD B2C supports [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) for all customer experiences.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-125">In the Azure AD B2C implementation of OpenID Connect, your application initiates this user journey by issuing authentication requests to Azure AD B2C.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-125">In the Azure AD B2C implementation of OpenID Connect, your application initiates this user journey by issuing authentication requests to Azure AD B2C.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-126">The result of the request is an `id_token`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-126">The result of the request is an `id_token`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-127">This security token represents the customer's identity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-127">This security token represents the customer's identity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-128">Every application that uses Azure AD B2C must be registered in an Azure AD B2C tenant using the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-128">Every application that uses Azure AD B2C must be registered in an Azure AD B2C tenant using the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-129">The registration process collects and assigns values to your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-129">The registration process collects and assigns values to your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-130">These values include an application ID that uniquely identifies the application and a redirect URI that can be used to direct responses back to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-130">These values include an application ID that uniquely identifies the application and a redirect URI that can be used to direct responses back to it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-131">The interaction of every application follows a similar high-level pattern:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-131">The interaction of every application follows a similar high-level pattern:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-132">The application directs the customer to run a policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-132">The application directs the customer to run a policy.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-133">The customer completes the policy according to the policy definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-133">The customer completes the policy according to the policy definition.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-134">The application receives a security token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-134">The application receives a security token.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-135">The application uses the security token to attempt to access a protected resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-135">The application uses the security token to attempt to access a protected resource.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-136">The resource server validates the security token to verify that access can be granted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-136">The resource server validates the security token to verify that access can be granted.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-137">The application periodically refreshes the security token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-137">The application periodically refreshes the security token.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-138">These steps can differ slightly based on the type of application you are building.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-138">These steps can differ slightly based on the type of application you are building.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-139">Azure AD B2C interacts with identity providers, customers, other systems, and with the local directory in sequence to complete an identity task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-139">Azure AD B2C interacts with identity providers, customers, other systems, and with the local directory in sequence to complete an identity task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-140">For example, sign in a customer, register a new customer, or reset a password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-140">For example, sign in a customer, register a new customer, or reset a password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-141">The underlying platform that establishes multi-party trust and completes these steps is called the Identity Experience Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-141">The underlying platform that establishes multi-party trust and completes these steps is called the Identity Experience Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-142">This framework and a policy (also called a user journey or a Trust Framework policy) explicitly defines the actors, the actions, the protocols, and the sequence of steps to complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-142">This framework and a policy (also called a user journey or a Trust Framework policy) explicitly defines the actors, the actions, the protocols, and the sequence of steps to complete.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-143">Azure AD B2C protects from denial-of-service and password attacks against your applications in multiple ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-143">Azure AD B2C protects from denial-of-service and password attacks against your applications in multiple ways.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-144">Azure AD B2C uses detection and mitigation techniques like SYN cookies and rate and connection limits to protect resources against denial-of-service attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-144">Azure AD B2C uses detection and mitigation techniques like SYN cookies and rate and connection limits to protect resources against denial-of-service attacks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-145">Mitigation is also included for brute-force password attacks and dictionary password attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-145">Mitigation is also included for brute-force password attacks and dictionary password attacks.</span></span>

#### <a name="built-in-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-146">Built-in policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-146">Built-in policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-147">Each request that is sent to Azure AD B2C specifies a policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-147">Each request that is sent to Azure AD B2C specifies a policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-148">A policy controls the behavior of how your application interacts with Azure AD B2C.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-148">A policy controls the behavior of how your application interacts with Azure AD B2C.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-149">Built-in policies are predefined for the most common identity tasks, such as sign-up, sign-in, and profile editing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-149">Built-in policies are predefined for the most common identity tasks, such as sign-up, sign-in, and profile editing.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-150">For instance, a sign-up policy allows you to control behaviors by configuring the following settings:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-150">For instance, a sign-up policy allows you to control behaviors by configuring the following settings:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-151">Social accounts that the customer can use to sign up for the application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-151">Social accounts that the customer can use to sign up for the application</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-152">Data collected from the customer such as first name or postal code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-152">Data collected from the customer such as first name or postal code</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-153">Multi-factor authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-153">Multi-factor authentication</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-154">Look and feel of all sign-up pages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-154">Look and feel of all sign-up pages</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-155">Information returned to the application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-155">Information returned to the application</span></span>

#### <a name="custom-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-156">Custom policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-156">Custom policies</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-157">[Custom policies](active-directory-b2c-overview-custom.md) are configuration files that define the behavior of the Identity Experience Framework in your Azure AD B2C tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-157">[Custom policies](active-directory-b2c-overview-custom.md) are configuration files that define the behavior of the Identity Experience Framework in your Azure AD B2C tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-158">Custom policies can be fully edited to complete many tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-158">Custom policies can be fully edited to complete many tasks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-159">A custom policy is represented as one or several XML-formatted files that refer to each other in a hierarchical chain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-159">A custom policy is represented as one or several XML-formatted files that refer to each other in a hierarchical chain.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-160">Multiple custom policies of different types can be used in your Azure AD B2C tenant as needed and can be reused across applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-160">Multiple custom policies of different types can be used in your Azure AD B2C tenant as needed and can be reused across applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-161">This flexibility enables you to define and modify customer identity experiences with minimal or no changes to your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-161">This flexibility enables you to define and modify customer identity experiences with minimal or no changes to your code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-162">Policies can be used by adding a special query parameter to HTTP authentication requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-162">Policies can be used by adding a special query parameter to HTTP authentication requests.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-163">Custom policies can be used to control user journeys in these ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-163">Custom policies can be used to control user journeys in these ways:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-164">Defining interaction with APIs to capture additional information, verify customer provided claims, or trigger external processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-164">Defining interaction with APIs to capture additional information, verify customer provided claims, or trigger external processes.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-165">Changing behavior based on claims from APIs or from claims in the directory such as *migrationStatus*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-165">Changing behavior based on claims from APIs or from claims in the directory such as *migrationStatus*.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-166">Any workflow not covered by built-in policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-166">Any workflow not covered by built-in policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-167">For example, gathering more information from a customer during a sign-in experience and performing an authorization check to access a resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-167">For example, gathering more information from a customer during a sign-in experience and performing an authorization check to access a resource.</span></span>

### <a name="identity-providers"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-168">Identity providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-168">Identity providers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-169">An identity provider is a service that authenticates customer identities and issues security tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-169">An identity provider is a service that authenticates customer identities and issues security tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-170">In Azure AD B2C, you can configure a number of identity providers in your tenant, such as a Microsoft account, Facebook, or Amazon among others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-170">In Azure AD B2C, you can configure a number of identity providers in your tenant, such as a Microsoft account, Facebook, or Amazon among others.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-171">To configure an identity provider in your Azure AD B2C tenant, you must record the application identifier or client identifier and the password or client secret from the identity provider application that you create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-171">To configure an identity provider in your Azure AD B2C tenant, you must record the application identifier or client identifier and the password or client secret from the identity provider application that you create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-172">This identifier and password are then used to configure your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-172">This identifier and password are then used to configure your application.</span></span>

### <a name="user-interface-experience"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-173">User Interface experience</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-173">User Interface experience</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-174">Most of the HTML and CSS content that's presented to customers can be controlled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-174">Most of the HTML and CSS content that's presented to customers can be controlled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-175">By using the page UI customization feature, you customize the look and feel of any policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-175">By using the page UI customization feature, you customize the look and feel of any policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-176">You can also maintain brand and visual consistency between your application and Azure AD B2C.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-176">You can also maintain brand and visual consistency between your application and Azure AD B2C.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-177">Azure AD B2C runs code in the customer's browser and uses a modern approach called Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-177">Azure AD B2C runs code in the customer's browser and uses a modern approach called Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-178">First, you specify a URL in a policy with customized HTML content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-178">First, you specify a URL in a policy with customized HTML content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-179">Azure AD B2C merges UI elements with the HTML content that's loaded from your URL and then displays the page to the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-179">Azure AD B2C merges UI elements with the HTML content that's loaded from your URL and then displays the page to the customer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-180">You can send parameters to Azure AD B2C in a query string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-180">You can send parameters to Azure AD B2C in a query string.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-181">By passing the parameter to your HTML endpoint, you can dynamically change the page content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-181">By passing the parameter to your HTML endpoint, you can dynamically change the page content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-182">For example, you can change the background image on the Azure AD B2C sign-up or sign-in page, based on a parameter that you pass from your web or mobile application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-182">For example, you can change the background image on the Azure AD B2C sign-up or sign-in page, based on a parameter that you pass from your web or mobile application.</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-i-get-started-with-azure-ad-b2c"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-183">How do I get started with Azure AD B2C?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-183">How do I get started with Azure AD B2C?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-184">In Azure AD B2C, a tenant represents your organization and is a directory of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-184">In Azure AD B2C, a tenant represents your organization and is a directory of users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-185">Each Azure AD B2C tenant is distinct and separate from other Azure AD B2C tenants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-185">Each Azure AD B2C tenant is distinct and separate from other Azure AD B2C tenants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-186">A tenant contains information about the customers that have signed up to use your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-186">A tenant contains information about the customers that have signed up to use your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-187">For example, passwords, profile data, and permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-187">For example, passwords, profile data, and permissions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-188">You need to link your Azure AD B2C tenant to your Azure subscription to enable all functionality and pay for usage charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-188">You need to link your Azure AD B2C tenant to your Azure subscription to enable all functionality and pay for usage charges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-189">To allow Azure AD B2C customers to sign in to your application, you must register your application in an Azure AD B2C tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-189">To allow Azure AD B2C customers to sign in to your application, you must register your application in an Azure AD B2C tenant.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-190">Before you configure your application to use Azure AD B2C, you first need to create an Azure AD B2C tenant and register your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-190">Before you configure your application to use Azure AD B2C, you first need to create an Azure AD B2C tenant and register your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-191">To register your application, complete the steps in [Tutorial: Register an application to enable sign-up and sign-in using Azure AD B2C](tutorial-register-applications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-191">To register your application, complete the steps in [Tutorial: Register an application to enable sign-up and sign-in using Azure AD B2C](tutorial-register-applications.md).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-192">If you are an ASP.NET web application developer, set up your application to authenticate accounts using the steps in [Tutorial: Enable a web application to authenticate with accounts using Azure AD B2C](active-directory-b2c-tutorials-web-app.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-192">If you are an ASP.NET web application developer, set up your application to authenticate accounts using the steps in [Tutorial: Enable a web application to authenticate with accounts using Azure AD B2C](active-directory-b2c-tutorials-web-app.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-193">If your are a desktop application developer, set up your application to authenticate accounts using the steps in [Tutorial: Enable a desktop application to authenticate with accounts using Azure AD B2C](active-directory-b2c-tutorials-desktop-app.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-193">If your are a desktop application developer, set up your application to authenticate accounts using the steps in [Tutorial: Enable a desktop application to authenticate with accounts using Azure AD B2C](active-directory-b2c-tutorials-desktop-app.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-194">If you are a single-page application developer using Node.js, set up your application to authenticate accounts using the steps in [Tutorial: Enable a single-page application to authenticate with accounts using Azure AD B2C](active-directory-b2c-tutorials-spa.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-194">If you are a single-page application developer using Node.js, set up your application to authenticate accounts using the steps in [Tutorial: Enable a single-page application to authenticate with accounts using Azure AD B2C](active-directory-b2c-tutorials-spa.md).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-195">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-195">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-196">Start configuring your application for the sign-up and sign-in experience by continuing to the tutorial.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-196">Start configuring your application for the sign-up and sign-in experience by continuing to the tutorial.</span></span>

> [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> [<span data-ttu-id="7e5cd-197">Tutorial: Register an application to enable sign-up and sign-in using Azure AD B2C</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7e5cd-197">Tutorial: Register an application to enable sign-up and sign-in using Azure AD B2C</span></span>](tutorial-register-applications.md)
