---
title: Reference - trust frameworks in Azure Active Directory B2C | Microsoft Docs
description: A topic about Azure Active Directory B2C custom policies and the Identity Experience Framework.
services: active-directory-b2c
author: davidmu1
manager: mtillman
ms.service: active-directory
ms.workload: identity
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 08/04/2017
ms.author: davidmu
ms.component: B2C
ms.openlocfilehash: 00d2f37068c5bedb17ba9a4064d1f5058f5ab72c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44865101"
---
# <a name="define-trust-frameworks-with-azure-ad-b2c-identity-experience-framework"></a><span data-ttu-id="3711e-103">Define Trust Frameworks with Azure AD B2C Identity Experience Framework</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-103">Define Trust Frameworks with Azure AD B2C Identity Experience Framework</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-104">Azure Active Directory B2C (Azure AD B2C) custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework provide your organization with a centralized service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-104">Azure Active Directory B2C (Azure AD B2C) custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework provide your organization with a centralized service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-105">This service reduces the complexity of identity federation in a large community of interest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-105">This service reduces the complexity of identity federation in a large community of interest.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-106">The complexity is reduced to a single trust relationship and a single metadata exchange.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-106">The complexity is reduced to a single trust relationship and a single metadata exchange.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-107">Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework to enable you to answer the following questions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-107">Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework to enable you to answer the following questions:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-108">What are the legal, security, privacy, and data protection policies that must be adhered to?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-108">What are the legal, security, privacy, and data protection policies that must be adhered to?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-109">Who are the contacts and what are the processes for becoming an accredited participant?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-109">Who are the contacts and what are the processes for becoming an accredited participant?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-110">Who are the accredited identity information providers (also known as "claims providers") and what do they offer?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-110">Who are the accredited identity information providers (also known as "claims providers") and what do they offer?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-111">Who are the accredited relying parties (and optionally, what do they require)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-111">Who are the accredited relying parties (and optionally, what do they require)?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-112">What are the technical “on the wire” interoperability requirements for participants?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-112">What are the technical “on the wire” interoperability requirements for participants?</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-113">What are the operational “runtime” rules that must be enforced for exchanging digital identity information?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-113">What are the operational “runtime” rules that must be enforced for exchanging digital identity information?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-114">To answer all these questions, Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework use the Trust Framework (TF) construct.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-114">To answer all these questions, Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework use the Trust Framework (TF) construct.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-115">Let’s consider this construct and what it provides.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-115">Let’s consider this construct and what it provides.</span></span>

## <a name="understand-the-trust-framework-and-federation-management-foundation"></a><span data-ttu-id="3711e-116">Understand the Trust Framework and federation management foundation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-116">Understand the Trust Framework and federation management foundation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-117">The Trust Framework is a written specification of the identity, security, privacy, and data protection policies to which participants in a community of interest must conform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-117">The Trust Framework is a written specification of the identity, security, privacy, and data protection policies to which participants in a community of interest must conform.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-118">Federated identity provides a basis for achieving end-user identity assurance at Internet scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-118">Federated identity provides a basis for achieving end-user identity assurance at Internet scale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-119">By delegating identity management to third parties, a single digital identity for an end user can be reused with multiple relying parties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-119">By delegating identity management to third parties, a single digital identity for an end user can be reused with multiple relying parties.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-120">Identity assurance requires that identity providers (IdPs) and attribute providers (AtPs) adhere to specific security, privacy, and operational policies and practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-120">Identity assurance requires that identity providers (IdPs) and attribute providers (AtPs) adhere to specific security, privacy, and operational policies and practices.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3711e-121">If they can't perform direct inspections, relying parties (RPs) must develop trust relationships with the IdPs and AtPs they choose to work with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-121">If they can't perform direct inspections, relying parties (RPs) must develop trust relationships with the IdPs and AtPs they choose to work with.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-122">As the number of consumers and providers of digital identity information grows, it's difficult to continue pairwise management of these trust relationships, or even the pairwise exchange of the technical metadata that's required for network connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-122">As the number of consumers and providers of digital identity information grows, it's difficult to continue pairwise management of these trust relationships, or even the pairwise exchange of the technical metadata that's required for network connectivity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3711e-123">Federation hubs have achieved only limited success at solving these problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-123">Federation hubs have achieved only limited success at solving these problems.</span></span>

### <a name="what-a-trust-framework-specification-defines"></a><span data-ttu-id="3711e-124">What a Trust Framework specification defines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-124">What a Trust Framework specification defines</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3711e-125">TFs are the linchpins of the Open Identity Exchange (OIX) Trust Framework model, where each community of interest is governed by a particular TF specification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-125">TFs are the linchpins of the Open Identity Exchange (OIX) Trust Framework model, where each community of interest is governed by a particular TF specification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-126">Such a TF specification defines:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-126">Such a TF specification defines:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-127">**The security and privacy metrics for the community of interest with the definition of:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-127">**The security and privacy metrics for the community of interest with the definition of:**</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-128">The levels of assurance (LOA) that are offered/required by participants; for example, an ordered set of confidence ratings for the authenticity of digital identity information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-128">The levels of assurance (LOA) that are offered/required by participants; for example, an ordered set of confidence ratings for the authenticity of digital identity information.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-129">The levels of protection (LOP) that are offered/required by participants; for example, an ordered set of confidence ratings for the protection of digital identity information that's handled by participants in the community of interest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-129">The levels of protection (LOP) that are offered/required by participants; for example, an ordered set of confidence ratings for the protection of digital identity information that's handled by participants in the community of interest.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-130">**The description of the digital identity information that's offered/required by participants**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-130">**The description of the digital identity information that's offered/required by participants**.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-131">**The technical policies for production and consumption of digital identity information, and thus for measuring LOA and LOP. These written policies typically include the following categories of policies:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-131">**The technical policies for production and consumption of digital identity information, and thus for measuring LOA and LOP. These written policies typically include the following categories of policies:**</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-132">Identity proofing policies, for example: *How strongly is a person’s identity information vetted?*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-132">Identity proofing policies, for example: *How strongly is a person’s identity information vetted?*</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-133">Security policies, for example: *How strongly are information integrity and confidentiality protected?*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-133">Security policies, for example: *How strongly are information integrity and confidentiality protected?*</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-134">Privacy policies, for example: *What control does a user have over personal identifiable information (PII)*?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-134">Privacy policies, for example: *What control does a user have over personal identifiable information (PII)*?</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-135">Survivability policies, for example: *If a provider ceases operations, how does continuity and protection of PII function?*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-135">Survivability policies, for example: *If a provider ceases operations, how does continuity and protection of PII function?*</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-136">**The technical profiles for production and consumption of digital identity information. These profiles include:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-136">**The technical profiles for production and consumption of digital identity information. These profiles include:**</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-137">Scope interfaces for which digital identity information is available at a specified LOA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-137">Scope interfaces for which digital identity information is available at a specified LOA.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3711e-138">Technical requirements for on-the-wire interoperability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-138">Technical requirements for on-the-wire interoperability.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-139">**The descriptions of the various roles that participants in the community can perform and the qualifications that are required to fulfill these roles.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-139">**The descriptions of the various roles that participants in the community can perform and the qualifications that are required to fulfill these roles.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-140">Thus a TF specification governs how identity information is exchanged between the participants of the community of interest: relying parties, identity and attribute providers, and attribute verifiers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-140">Thus a TF specification governs how identity information is exchanged between the participants of the community of interest: relying parties, identity and attribute providers, and attribute verifiers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-141">A TF specification is one or multiple documents that serve as a reference for the governance of the community of interest that regulates the assertion and consumption of digital identity information within the community.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-141">A TF specification is one or multiple documents that serve as a reference for the governance of the community of interest that regulates the assertion and consumption of digital identity information within the community.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-142">It's a documented set of policies and procedures designed to establish trust in the digital identities that are used for online transactions between members of a community of interest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-142">It's a documented set of policies and procedures designed to establish trust in the digital identities that are used for online transactions between members of a community of interest.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-143">In other words, a TF specification defines the rules for creating a viable federated identity ecosystem for a community.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-143">In other words, a TF specification defines the rules for creating a viable federated identity ecosystem for a community.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-144">Currently there's widespread agreement on the benefit of such an approach.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-144">Currently there's widespread agreement on the benefit of such an approach.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-145">There's no doubt that trust framework specifications facilitate the development of digital identity ecosystems with verifiable security, assurance and privacy characteristics, meaning that they can be reused across multiple communities of interest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-145">There's no doubt that trust framework specifications facilitate the development of digital identity ecosystems with verifiable security, assurance and privacy characteristics, meaning that they can be reused across multiple communities of interest.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-146">For that reason, Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework uses the specification as the basis of its data representation for a TF to facilitate interoperability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-146">For that reason, Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework uses the specification as the basis of its data representation for a TF to facilitate interoperability.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-147">Azure AD B2C Custom policies that leverage the Identity Experience Framework represent a TF specification as a mixture of human and machine-readable data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-147">Azure AD B2C Custom policies that leverage the Identity Experience Framework represent a TF specification as a mixture of human and machine-readable data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-148">Some sections of this model (typically sections that are more oriented toward governance) are represented as references to published security and privacy policy documentation along with the related procedures (if any).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-148">Some sections of this model (typically sections that are more oriented toward governance) are represented as references to published security and privacy policy documentation along with the related procedures (if any).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-149">Other sections describe in detail the configuration metadata and runtime rules that facilitate operational automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-149">Other sections describe in detail the configuration metadata and runtime rules that facilitate operational automation.</span></span>

## <a name="understand-trust-framework-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="3711e-150">Understand Trust Framework policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-150">Understand Trust Framework policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-151">In terms of implementation, the TF specification consists of a set of policies that allow complete control over identity behaviors and experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-151">In terms of implementation, the TF specification consists of a set of policies that allow complete control over identity behaviors and experiences.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3711e-152">Azure AD B2C custom policies that leverage the Identity Experience Framework enable you to author and create your own TF through such declarative policies that can define and configure:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-152">Azure AD B2C custom policies that leverage the Identity Experience Framework enable you to author and create your own TF through such declarative policies that can define and configure:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-153">The document reference or references that define the federated identity ecosystem of the community that relates to the TF.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-153">The document reference or references that define the federated identity ecosystem of the community that relates to the TF.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-154">They are links to the TF documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-154">They are links to the TF documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-155">The (predefined) operational “runtime” rules, or the user journeys that automate and/or control the exchange and usage of the claims.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-155">The (predefined) operational “runtime” rules, or the user journeys that automate and/or control the exchange and usage of the claims.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-156">These user journeys are associated with a LOA (and a LOP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-156">These user journeys are associated with a LOA (and a LOP).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-157">A policy can therefore have user journeys with varying LOAs (and LOPs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-157">A policy can therefore have user journeys with varying LOAs (and LOPs).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-158">The identity and attribute providers, or the claims providers, in the community of interest and the technical profiles they support along with the (out-of-band) LOA/LOP accreditation that relates to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-158">The identity and attribute providers, or the claims providers, in the community of interest and the technical profiles they support along with the (out-of-band) LOA/LOP accreditation that relates to them.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-159">The integration with attribute verifiers or  claims providers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-159">The integration with attribute verifiers or  claims providers.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-160">The relying parties in the community (by inference).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-160">The relying parties in the community (by inference).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-161">The metadata for establishing network communications between participants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-161">The metadata for establishing network communications between participants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-162">This metadata, along with the technical profiles, are used during a transaction to plumb “on the wire” interoperability between the relying party and other community participants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-162">This metadata, along with the technical profiles, are used during a transaction to plumb “on the wire” interoperability between the relying party and other community participants.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-163">The protocol conversion if any (for example, SAML 2.0, OAuth2, WS-Federation, and OpenID Connect).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-163">The protocol conversion if any (for example, SAML 2.0, OAuth2, WS-Federation, and OpenID Connect).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-164">The authentication requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-164">The authentication requirements.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-165">The multifactor orchestration if any.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-165">The multifactor orchestration if any.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-166">A shared schema for all the claims that are available and mappings to participants of a community of interest.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-166">A shared schema for all the claims that are available and mappings to participants of a community of interest.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-167">All the claims transformations, along with the possible data minimization in this context, to sustain the exchange and usage of the claims.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-167">All the claims transformations, along with the possible data minimization in this context, to sustain the exchange and usage of the claims.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-168">The binding and encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-168">The binding and encryption.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3711e-169">The claims storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-169">The claims storage.</span></span>

### <a name="understand-claims"></a><span data-ttu-id="3711e-170">Understand claims</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-170">Understand claims</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-171">We collectively refer to all the possible types of identity information that might be exchanged as "claims": claims about an end user’s authentication credential, identity vetting, communication device, physical location, personally identifying attributes, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-171">We collectively refer to all the possible types of identity information that might be exchanged as "claims": claims about an end user’s authentication credential, identity vetting, communication device, physical location, personally identifying attributes, and so on.</span></span>  
>
> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-172">We use the term "claims"--rather than "attributes"--because in online transactions, these data artifacts are not facts that can be directly verified by the relying party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-172">We use the term "claims"--rather than "attributes"--because in online transactions, these data artifacts are not facts that can be directly verified by the relying party.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-173">Rather they're assertions, or claims, about facts for which the relying party must develop sufficient confidence to grant the end user’s requested transaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-173">Rather they're assertions, or claims, about facts for which the relying party must develop sufficient confidence to grant the end user’s requested transaction.</span></span>  
>
> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-174">We also use the term "claims" because Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework are designed to simplify the exchange of all types of digital identity information in a consistent manner regardless of whether the underlying protocol is defined for user authentication or attribute retrieval.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-174">We also use the term "claims" because Azure AD B2C custom policies that use the Identity Experience Framework are designed to simplify the exchange of all types of digital identity information in a consistent manner regardless of whether the underlying protocol is defined for user authentication or attribute retrieval.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="3711e-175">Likewise, we use the term "claims providers" to collectively refer to identity providers, attribute providers, and attribute verifiers when we do not want to distinguish between their specific functions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-175">Likewise, we use the term "claims providers" to collectively refer to identity providers, attribute providers, and attribute verifiers when we do not want to distinguish between their specific functions.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-176">Thus they govern how identity information is exchanged between a relying party, identity and attribute providers, and attribute verifiers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-176">Thus they govern how identity information is exchanged between a relying party, identity and attribute providers, and attribute verifiers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-177">They control which identity and attribute providers are required for a relying party’s authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-177">They control which identity and attribute providers are required for a relying party’s authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-178">They should be considered as a domain-specific language (DSL), that is, a computer language that's specialized for a particular application domain with inheritance, *if* statements, polymorphism.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-178">They should be considered as a domain-specific language (DSL), that is, a computer language that's specialized for a particular application domain with inheritance, *if* statements, polymorphism.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-179">These policies constitute the machine-readable portion of the TF construct in Azure AD B2C Custom policies leveraging the Identity Experience Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-179">These policies constitute the machine-readable portion of the TF construct in Azure AD B2C Custom policies leveraging the Identity Experience Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-180">They include all the operational details, including claims providers’ metadata and technical profiles, claims schema definitions, claims transformation functions, and user journeys that are filled in to facilitate operational orchestration and automation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-180">They include all the operational details, including claims providers’ metadata and technical profiles, claims schema definitions, claims transformation functions, and user journeys that are filled in to facilitate operational orchestration and automation.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-181">They are assumed to be *living documents* because there is  a good chance that their contents will change over time concerning the active participants declared in the policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-181">They are assumed to be *living documents* because there is  a good chance that their contents will change over time concerning the active participants declared in the policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-182">There is also the potential that the terms and conditions for being a participant might change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-182">There is also the potential that the terms and conditions for being a participant might change.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-183">Federation setup and maintenance are vastly simplified by shielding relying parties from ongoing trust and connectivity reconfigurations as different claims providers/verifiers join or leave (the community represented by) the set of policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-183">Federation setup and maintenance are vastly simplified by shielding relying parties from ongoing trust and connectivity reconfigurations as different claims providers/verifiers join or leave (the community represented by) the set of policies.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-184">Interoperability is another significant challenge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-184">Interoperability is another significant challenge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-185">Additional claims providers/verifiers must be integrated, because relying parties are unlikely to support all the necessary protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-185">Additional claims providers/verifiers must be integrated, because relying parties are unlikely to support all the necessary protocols.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-186">Azure AD B2C custom policies solve this problem by supporting industry-standard protocols and by applying specific user journeys to transpose requests when relying parties and attribute providers do not support the same protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-186">Azure AD B2C custom policies solve this problem by supporting industry-standard protocols and by applying specific user journeys to transpose requests when relying parties and attribute providers do not support the same protocol.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-187">User journeys include protocol profiles and metadata that are used to plumb “on the wire” interoperability between the relying party and other participants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-187">User journeys include protocol profiles and metadata that are used to plumb “on the wire” interoperability between the relying party and other participants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-188">There are also operational runtime rules that are applied to identity information exchange request/response messages for enforcing compliance with published policies as part of the TF specification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-188">There are also operational runtime rules that are applied to identity information exchange request/response messages for enforcing compliance with published policies as part of the TF specification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-189">The idea of user journeys is key to the customization of the customer experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-189">The idea of user journeys is key to the customization of the customer experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3711e-190">It also sheds light on how the system works at the protocol level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-190">It also sheds light on how the system works at the protocol level.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3711e-191">On that basis, relying party applications and portals can, depending on their context, invoke Azure AD B2C custom policies that leverage the Identity Experience Framework passing the name of a specific policy and get precisely the behavior and information exchange they want without any muss, fuss, or risk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3711e-191">On that basis, relying party applications and portals can, depending on their context, invoke Azure AD B2C custom policies that leverage the Identity Experience Framework passing the name of a specific policy and get precisely the behavior and information exchange they want without any muss, fuss, or risk.</span></span>
