---
title: Guidelines for Azure Marketplace and AppSource publisher | Azure
description: Guidelines for Azure Marketplace and AppSource for app and service publishers
services: Azure, Marketplace, Compute, Storage, Networking, Blockchain, Security
documentationcenter: ''
author: jm-aditi-ms
manager: pabutler
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: marketplace
ms.workload: ''
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ''
ms.devlang: ''
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 06/13/2018
ms.author: ellacroi
ms.openlocfilehash: 4da6f5c4513477d1adbf4d7645a66de112eeab23
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44856757"
---
# <a name="guidelines"></a><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-103">Guidelines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-103">Guidelines</span></span>  

<!--
## Guidelines for AppSource  
-->
---  

## <a name="guidelines-for-azure-marketplace"></a><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-104">Guidelines for Azure Marketplace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-104">Guidelines for Azure Marketplace</span></span>  

### <a name="guidelines-for-creating-a-microsoft-id-to-manage-a-marketplace-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-105">Guidelines for creating a Microsoft ID to manage a marketplace account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-105">Guidelines for creating a Microsoft ID to manage a marketplace account</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="9adf0-106">If more than one person requires access to the same Microsoft ID used to create your marketplace account, then you should follow these guidelines to help you create a company account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-106">If more than one person requires access to the same Microsoft ID used to create your marketplace account, then you should follow these guidelines to help you create a company account.</span></span> 

>[!IMPORTANT]
><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-107">To authorize multiple users to access your Microsoft Developer Center (Dev Center) account, Microsoft recommends that you use Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) to assign roles to individual users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-107">To authorize multiple users to access your Microsoft Developer Center (Dev Center) account, Microsoft recommends that you use Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) to assign roles to individual users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-108">Each user must access the account by signing in with individual Azure AD credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-108">Each user must access the account by signing in with individual Azure AD credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-109">Create your Microsoft ID by using an email address in a domain registered to your company Microsoft suggests that the email not be assigned to an individual.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-109">Create your Microsoft ID by using an email address in a domain registered to your company Microsoft suggests that the email not be assigned to an individual.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-110">An example is `windowsapps@fabrikam.com`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-110">An example is `windowsapps@fabrikam.com`.</span></span>  
>*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-111">For more information, visit the [Issue: Microsoft ID in an Azure AD federated domain](#issue-microsoft-id-in-an-azure-ad-federated-domain) section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-111">For more information, visit the [Issue: Microsoft ID in an Azure AD federated domain](#issue-microsoft-id-in-an-azure-ad-federated-domain) section.</span></span>  

*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-112">Limit access to the Microsoft ID to the smallest possible number of developers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-112">Limit access to the Microsoft ID to the smallest possible number of developers.</span></span> 
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-113">Set up a corporate email distribution list (DL) that includes everyone who must access your Dev Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-113">Set up a corporate email distribution list (DL) that includes everyone who must access your Dev Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-114">Add the DL email address to your security information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-114">Add the DL email address to your security information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-115">The DL enables all of the employees on the list to receive security codes when requested and to manage the security information for your Microsoft ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-115">The DL enables all of the employees on the list to receive security codes when requested and to manage the security information for your Microsoft ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-116">If setting up a distribution list is not feasible, then the owner of the individual email account must be available to access and share the security code when prompted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-116">If setting up a distribution list is not feasible, then the owner of the individual email account must be available to access and share the security code when prompted.</span></span>  
    *   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-117">For example, the owner is prompted when new security information is added to the Microsoft ID or when the Microsoft ID is accessed from a new device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-117">For example, the owner is prompted when new security information is added to the Microsoft ID or when the Microsoft ID is accessed from a new device.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-118">Add a company phone number that does not require an extension and is accessible to key team members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-118">Add a company phone number that does not require an extension and is accessible to key team members.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-119">In general, you should require developers to use trusted devices to sign into your Dev Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-119">In general, you should require developers to use trusted devices to sign into your Dev Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-120">All key team members should have access to the trusted devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-120">All key team members should have access to the trusted devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-121">Using trusted devices to access reduces the requirement for sending security codes when someone is accessing the Dev Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-121">Using trusted devices to access reduces the requirement for sending security codes when someone is accessing the Dev Center account.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-122">If you are required to grant access to the Dev Center account from a non-trusted computer, then you should limit access to no more than five developers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-122">If you are required to grant access to the Dev Center account from a non-trusted computer, then you should limit access to no more than five developers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-123">Ideally, your developers should access the account from computers that share the same geographical and network location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-123">Ideally, your developers should access the account from computers that share the same geographical and network location.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-124">Frequently review and verify your security information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-124">Frequently review and verify your security information.</span></span>  
    *   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-125">To view your security information, visit the Security settings page located at [account.live.com/proofs/Manage](https://account.live.com/proofs/Manage).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-125">To view your security information, visit the Security settings page located at [account.live.com/proofs/Manage](https://account.live.com/proofs/Manage).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9adf0-126">Your Dev Center account should be primarily accessed from trusted computers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-126">Your Dev Center account should be primarily accessed from trusted computers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-127">It is critical that you access from trusted computers, because there is a limit to the number of codes generated per Dev Center account per week.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-127">It is critical that you access from trusted computers, because there is a limit to the number of codes generated per Dev Center account per week.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-128">Using trusted computers also enables the most secure and consistent sign-in experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-128">Using trusted computers also enables the most secure and consistent sign-in experience.</span></span> 
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-129">For more information about additional Dev Center account guidelines and security, visit the Opening a developer account page located at [docs.microsoft.com/windows/uwp/publish/opening-a-developer-account](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/uwp/publish/opening-a-developer-account).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-129">For more information about additional Dev Center account guidelines and security, visit the Opening a developer account page located at [docs.microsoft.com/windows/uwp/publish/opening-a-developer-account](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/uwp/publish/opening-a-developer-account).</span></span> 

---  

#### <a name="issue-microsoft-id-in-an-azure-ad-federated-domain"></a><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-130">Issue: Microsoft ID in an Azure AD federated domain</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-130">Issue: Microsoft ID in an Azure AD federated domain</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="9adf0-131">Your corporate account may be federated through Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-131">Your corporate account may be federated through Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-132">If you try to create a Microsoft ID using a corporate email address that is federated with Azure AD, then you receive an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-132">If you try to create a Microsoft ID using a corporate email address that is federated with Azure AD, then you receive an error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-133">If you receive an error, then you should check with your IT team to confirm your account is federated through Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-133">If you receive an error, then you should check with your IT team to confirm your account is federated through Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-134">Azure AD federated email is a known issue and Microsoft is working to resolving it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-134">Azure AD federated email is a known issue and Microsoft is working to resolving it.</span></span>  
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-135">For more information about Azure AD, visit the Azure Active Directory Documentation page located at [docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-135">For more information about Azure AD, visit the Azure Active Directory Documentation page located at [docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9adf0-136">Microsoft recommends a workaround.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-136">Microsoft recommends a workaround.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-137">Follow these steps to create a new email address in the `outlook.com` domain and create a rule to forward your communications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-137">Follow these steps to create a new email address in the `outlook.com` domain and create a rule to forward your communications.</span></span>  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-138">Go to the Create account page and click on the Get a new email address link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-138">Go to the Create account page and click on the Get a new email address link.</span></span> 
    *   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-139">To sign up for your Microsoft ID, visit the Create account page located at [signup.live.com/signup](https://signup.live.com/signup).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-139">To sign up for your Microsoft ID, visit the Create account page located at [signup.live.com/signup](https://signup.live.com/signup).</span></span>  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-140">Create the new email address and enter a password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-140">Create the new email address and enter a password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-141">A new Microsoft ID and an email mailbox in the `outlook.com` domain is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-141">A new Microsoft ID and an email mailbox in the `outlook.com` domain is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-142">Continue the registration process until the account is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-142">Continue the registration process until the account is created.</span></span>  

    >[!IMPORTANT]
    ><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-143">You must use an email address or distribution list that is registered as a Microsoft ID to register in Dev Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-143">You must use an email address or distribution list that is registered as a Microsoft ID to register in Dev Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-144">Microsoft recommends that you use a distribution list to remove dependency from individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-144">Microsoft recommends that you use a distribution list to remove dependency from individuals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-145">If your email address or distribution list is not registered, then you must register now.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-145">If your email address or distribution list is not registered, then you must register now.</span></span>    

    >[!Important]
    ><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-146">If your any email address is located in the `Microsoft` company domain, then you are not able to use it for registration in Dev Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-146">If your any email address is located in the `Microsoft` company domain, then you are not able to use it for registration in Dev Center.</span></span>  

3.  <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-147">After you create the Microsoft ID with the Outlook email address, sign into your Outlook mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-147">After you create the Microsoft ID with the Outlook email address, sign into your Outlook mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-148">Create an email forwarding rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-148">Create an email forwarding rule.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-149">The email forwarding rule should move all emails that are received in the Outlook mailbox to the email address in your domain that you created to manage your marketplace account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-149">The email forwarding rule should move all emails that are received in the Outlook mailbox to the email address in your domain that you created to manage your marketplace account.</span></span>  
    *   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-150">To sign into your Outlook mailbox, visit the Outlook page located at [outlook.live.com/owa](https://outlook.live.com/owa).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-150">To sign into your Outlook mailbox, visit the Outlook page located at [outlook.live.com/owa](https://outlook.live.com/owa).</span></span>  
    *   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-151">For more information about forwarding rules, visit the Use rules in Outlook Web App to automatically forward messages to another account page located at [support.office.com/article/Use-rules-in-Outlook-Web-App-to-automatically-forward-messages-to-another-account-1433e3a0-7fb0-4999-b536-50e05cb67fed](https://support.office.com/article/Use-rules-in-Outlook-Web-App-to-automatically-forward-messages-to-another-account-1433e3a0-7fb0-4999-b536-50e05cb67fed).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-151">For more information about forwarding rules, visit the Use rules in Outlook Web App to automatically forward messages to another account page located at [support.office.com/article/Use-rules-in-Outlook-Web-App-to-automatically-forward-messages-to-another-account-1433e3a0-7fb0-4999-b536-50e05cb67fed](https://support.office.com/article/Use-rules-in-Outlook-Web-App-to-automatically-forward-messages-to-another-account-1433e3a0-7fb0-4999-b536-50e05cb67fed).</span></span>  

1.  <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-152">The forwarding rule sends all email and communications received in the Outlook email account to the email address in a domain registered to your company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-152">The forwarding rule sends all email and communications received in the Outlook email account to the email address in a domain registered to your company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-153">Your `outlook.com` email address must be used to authenticate in both Dev Center and Cloud Partner Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-153">Your `outlook.com` email address must be used to authenticate in both Dev Center and Cloud Partner Portal.</span></span>  

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="9adf0-154">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-154">Next steps</span></span>
*   <span data-ttu-id="9adf0-155">Visit the [Azure Marketplace and AppSource Publisher Guide](./marketplace-publishers-guide.md) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9adf0-155">Visit the [Azure Marketplace and AppSource Publisher Guide](./marketplace-publishers-guide.md) page.</span></span>  
 
---  
