---
title: When and how to use an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider?
description: When should you use an Auth Provider with Azure MFA?
services: multi-factor-authentication
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: authentication
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 09/06/2018
ms.author: joflore
author: MicrosoftGuyJFlo
manager: mtillman
ms.reviewer: michmcla
ms.openlocfilehash: 8e77a33667bd6794f667348958e0edb9c6a8fb0d
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44870551"
---
# <a name="when-to-use-an-azure-multi-factor-authentication-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="14623-103">When to use an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-103">When to use an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-104">Two-step verification is available by default for global administrators who have Azure Active Directory, and Office 365 users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-104">Two-step verification is available by default for global administrators who have Azure Active Directory, and Office 365 users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-105">However, if you wish to take advantage of [advanced features](howto-mfa-mfasettings.md) then you should purchase the full version of Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-105">However, if you wish to take advantage of [advanced features](howto-mfa-mfasettings.md) then you should purchase the full version of Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-106">An Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider is used to take advantage of features provided by Azure Multi-Factor Authentication for users who **do not have licenses**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-106">An Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider is used to take advantage of features provided by Azure Multi-Factor Authentication for users who **do not have licenses**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-107">If you have licenses that cover all of the users in your organization, then you do not need an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-107">If you have licenses that cover all of the users in your organization, then you do not need an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-108">Create an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Provider only if you also need to provide two-step verification for some users that don't have licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-108">Create an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Provider only if you also need to provide two-step verification for some users that don't have licenses.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="14623-109">Effective September 1st, 2018 new auth providers may no longer be created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-109">Effective September 1st, 2018 new auth providers may no longer be created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-110">Existing auth providers may continue to be used and updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-110">Existing auth providers may continue to be used and updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-111">Multi-factor authentication will continue to be an available feature in Azure AD Premium licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-111">Multi-factor authentication will continue to be an available feature in Azure AD Premium licenses.</span></span>

## <a name="caveats-related-to-the-azure-mfa-sdk"></a><span data-ttu-id="14623-112">Caveats related to the Azure MFA SDK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-112">Caveats related to the Azure MFA SDK</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-113">An Azure Multi-Factor Auth provider is required to download the SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-113">An Azure Multi-Factor Auth provider is required to download the SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-114">Note the SDK has been deprecated and is no longer supported for new customers and will only continue to work until November 14, 2018.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-114">Note the SDK has been deprecated and is no longer supported for new customers and will only continue to work until November 14, 2018.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-115">After that time, calls to the SDK will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-115">After that time, calls to the SDK will fail.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-116">To download the SDK, create an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider even if you have Azure MFA, AAD Premium, or other bundled licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-116">To download the SDK, create an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider even if you have Azure MFA, AAD Premium, or other bundled licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-117">If you create an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider for this purpose and already have licenses, be sure to create the Provider with the **Per Enabled User** model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-117">If you create an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider for this purpose and already have licenses, be sure to create the Provider with the **Per Enabled User** model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-118">Then, link the Provider to the directory that contains the Azure MFA, Azure AD Premium, or other bundled licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-118">Then, link the Provider to the directory that contains the Azure MFA, Azure AD Premium, or other bundled licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-119">This configuration ensures that you are only billed if you have more unique users performing two-step verification than the number of licenses you own.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-119">This configuration ensures that you are only billed if you have more unique users performing two-step verification than the number of licenses you own.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-an-mfa-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="14623-120">What is an MFA Provider?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-120">What is an MFA Provider?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-121">There are two types of Auth providers, and the distinction is around how your Azure subscription is charged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-121">There are two types of Auth providers, and the distinction is around how your Azure subscription is charged.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-122">The per-authentication option calculates the number of authentications performed against your tenant in a month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-122">The per-authentication option calculates the number of authentications performed against your tenant in a month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-123">This option is best if you have a number of users authenticating only occasionally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-123">This option is best if you have a number of users authenticating only occasionally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-124">The per-user option calculates the number of individuals in your tenant who perform two-step verification in a month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-124">The per-user option calculates the number of individuals in your tenant who perform two-step verification in a month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-125">This option is best if you have some users with licenses but need to extend MFA to more users beyond your licensing limits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-125">This option is best if you have some users with licenses but need to extend MFA to more users beyond your licensing limits.</span></span>

## <a name="manage-your-mfa-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="14623-126">Manage your MFA Provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-126">Manage your MFA Provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-127">You cannot change the usage model (per enabled user or per authentication) after an MFA provider is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-127">You cannot change the usage model (per enabled user or per authentication) after an MFA provider is created.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-128">If you purchased enough licenses to cover all users that are enabled for MFA, you can delete the MFA provider altogether.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-128">If you purchased enough licenses to cover all users that are enabled for MFA, you can delete the MFA provider altogether.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="14623-129">If your MFA provider is not linked to an Azure AD tenant, or you link the new MFA provider to a different Azure AD tenant, user settings and configuration options are not transferred.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-129">If your MFA provider is not linked to an Azure AD tenant, or you link the new MFA provider to a different Azure AD tenant, user settings and configuration options are not transferred.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-130">Also, existing Azure MFA Servers need to be reactivated using activation credentials generated through the MFA Provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-130">Also, existing Azure MFA Servers need to be reactivated using activation credentials generated through the MFA Provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="14623-131">Reactivating the MFA Servers to link them to the MFA Provider doesn't impact phone call and text message authentication, but mobile app notifications stop working for all users until they reactivate the mobile app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-131">Reactivating the MFA Servers to link them to the MFA Provider doesn't impact phone call and text message authentication, but mobile app notifications stop working for all users until they reactivate the mobile app.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="14623-132">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-132">Next steps</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="14623-133">Configure Multi-Factor Authentication settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="14623-133">Configure Multi-Factor Authentication settings</span></span>](howto-mfa-mfasettings.md)
