---
title: Azure Multi-Factor Authentication FAQ | Microsoft Docs
description: Frequently asked questions and answers related to Azure Multi-Factor Authentication.
services: multi-factor-authentication
ms.service: active-directory
ms.component: authentication
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 07/11/2018
ms.author: joflore
author: MicrosoftGuyJFlo
manager: mtillman
ms.reviewer: michmcla
ms.openlocfilehash: b6f1185a94f865578d9a6514fb6841f8811b2230
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44966918"
---
# <a name="frequently-asked-questions-about-azure-multi-factor-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="c6cac-103">Frequently asked questions about Azure Multi-Factor Authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-103">Frequently asked questions about Azure Multi-Factor Authentication</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-104">This FAQ answers common questions about Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and using the Multi-Factor Authentication service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-104">This FAQ answers common questions about Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and using the Multi-Factor Authentication service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-105">It's broken down into questions about the service in general, billing models, user experiences, and troubleshooting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-105">It's broken down into questions about the service in general, billing models, user experiences, and troubleshooting.</span></span>

## <a name="general"></a><span data-ttu-id="c6cac-106">General</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-106">General</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-107">**Q: How does Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server handle user data?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-107">**Q: How does Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server handle user data?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-108">With Multi-Factor Authentication Server, user data is stored only on the on-premises servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-108">With Multi-Factor Authentication Server, user data is stored only on the on-premises servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-109">No persistent user data is stored in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-109">No persistent user data is stored in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-110">When the user performs two-step verification, Multi-Factor Authentication Server sends data to the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication cloud service for authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-110">When the user performs two-step verification, Multi-Factor Authentication Server sends data to the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication cloud service for authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-111">Communication between Multi-Factor Authentication Server and the Multi-Factor Authentication cloud service uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS) over port 443 outbound.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-111">Communication between Multi-Factor Authentication Server and the Multi-Factor Authentication cloud service uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS) over port 443 outbound.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-112">When authentication requests are sent to the cloud service, data is collected for authentication and usage reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-112">When authentication requests are sent to the cloud service, data is collected for authentication and usage reports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-113">Data fields included in two-step verification logs are as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-113">Data fields included in two-step verification logs are as follows:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-114">**Unique ID** (either user name or on-premises Multi-Factor Authentication Server ID)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-114">**Unique ID** (either user name or on-premises Multi-Factor Authentication Server ID)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-115">**First and Last Name** (optional)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-115">**First and Last Name** (optional)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-116">**Email Address** (optional)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-116">**Email Address** (optional)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-117">**Phone Number** (when using a voice call or SMS authentication)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-117">**Phone Number** (when using a voice call or SMS authentication)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-118">**Device Token** (when using mobile app authentication)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-118">**Device Token** (when using mobile app authentication)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-119">**Authentication Mode**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-119">**Authentication Mode**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-120">**Authentication Result**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-120">**Authentication Result**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-121">**Multi-Factor Authentication Server Name**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-121">**Multi-Factor Authentication Server Name**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-122">**Multi-Factor Authentication Server IP**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-122">**Multi-Factor Authentication Server IP**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-123">**Client IP** (if available)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-123">**Client IP** (if available)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-124">The optional fields can be configured in Multi-Factor Authentication Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-124">The optional fields can be configured in Multi-Factor Authentication Server.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-125">The verification result (success or denial), and the reason if it was denied, is stored with the authentication data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-125">The verification result (success or denial), and the reason if it was denied, is stored with the authentication data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-126">This data is available in authentication and usage reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-126">This data is available in authentication and usage reports.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-127">**Q: What SMS short codes are used for sending SMS messages to my users?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-127">**Q: What SMS short codes are used for sending SMS messages to my users?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-128">In the United States Microsoft uses the following SMS short codes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-128">In the United States Microsoft uses the following SMS short codes:</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-129">97671</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-129">97671</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-130">69829</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-130">69829</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-131">51789</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-131">51789</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-132">99399</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-132">99399</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-133">In Canada Microsoft uses the following SMS short codes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-133">In Canada Microsoft uses the following SMS short codes:</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-134">759731</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-134">759731</span></span> 
   * <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-135">673801</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-135">673801</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-136">Microsoft does not guarantee consistent SMS or Voice-based Multi-Factor Authentication prompt delivery by the same number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-136">Microsoft does not guarantee consistent SMS or Voice-based Multi-Factor Authentication prompt delivery by the same number.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-137">In the interest of our users, Microsoft may add or remove Short codes at any time as we make route adjustments to improve SMS deliverability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-137">In the interest of our users, Microsoft may add or remove Short codes at any time as we make route adjustments to improve SMS deliverability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-138">Microsoft does not support short codes for countries besides the United States and Canada</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-138">Microsoft does not support short codes for countries besides the United States and Canada</span></span>

## <a name="billing"></a><span data-ttu-id="c6cac-139">Billing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-139">Billing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-140">Most billing questions can be answered by referring to either the [Multi-Factor Authentication Pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/multi-factor-authentication/) or the documentation about [How to get Azure Multi-Factor Authentication](concept-mfa-licensing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-140">Most billing questions can be answered by referring to either the [Multi-Factor Authentication Pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/multi-factor-authentication/) or the documentation about [How to get Azure Multi-Factor Authentication](concept-mfa-licensing.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-141">**Q: Is my organization charged for sending the phone calls and text messages that are used for authentication?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-141">**Q: Is my organization charged for sending the phone calls and text messages that are used for authentication?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-142">No, you are not charged for individual phone calls placed or text messages sent to users through Azure Multi-Factor Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-142">No, you are not charged for individual phone calls placed or text messages sent to users through Azure Multi-Factor Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-143">If you use a per-authentication MFA provider, you are billed for each authentication but not for the method used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-143">If you use a per-authentication MFA provider, you are billed for each authentication but not for the method used.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-144">Your users might be charged for the phone calls or text messages they receive, according to their personal phone service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-144">Your users might be charged for the phone calls or text messages they receive, according to their personal phone service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-145">**Q: Does the per-user billing model charge me for all enabled users, or just the ones that performed two-step verification?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-145">**Q: Does the per-user billing model charge me for all enabled users, or just the ones that performed two-step verification?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-146">Billing is based on the number of users configured to use Multi-Factor Authentication, regardless of whether they performed two-step verification that month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-146">Billing is based on the number of users configured to use Multi-Factor Authentication, regardless of whether they performed two-step verification that month.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-147">**Q: How does Multi-Factor Authentication billing work?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-147">**Q: How does Multi-Factor Authentication billing work?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-148">When you create a per-user or per-authentication MFA provider, your organization's Azure subscription is billed monthly based on usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-148">When you create a per-user or per-authentication MFA provider, your organization's Azure subscription is billed monthly based on usage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-149">This billing model is similar to how Azure bills for usage of virtual machines and websites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-149">This billing model is similar to how Azure bills for usage of virtual machines and websites.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-150">When you purchase a subscription for Azure Multi-Factor Authentication, your organization only pays the annual license fee for each user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-150">When you purchase a subscription for Azure Multi-Factor Authentication, your organization only pays the annual license fee for each user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-151">MFA licenses and Office 365, Azure AD Premium, or Enterprise Mobility + Security bundles are billed this way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-151">MFA licenses and Office 365, Azure AD Premium, or Enterprise Mobility + Security bundles are billed this way.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-152">Learn more about your options in [How to get Azure Multi-Factor Authentication](concept-mfa-licensing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-152">Learn more about your options in [How to get Azure Multi-Factor Authentication](concept-mfa-licensing.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-153">**Q: Is there a free version of Azure Multi-Factor Authentication?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-153">**Q: Is there a free version of Azure Multi-Factor Authentication?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-154">In some instances, yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-154">In some instances, yes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-155">Multi-Factor Authentication for Azure Administrators offers a subset of Azure MFA features at no cost for access to Microsoft online services, including the Azure and Office 365 administrator portals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-155">Multi-Factor Authentication for Azure Administrators offers a subset of Azure MFA features at no cost for access to Microsoft online services, including the Azure and Office 365 administrator portals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-156">This offer only applies to global administrators in Azure Active Directory instances that don't have the full version of Azure MFA through an MFA license, a bundle, or a standalone consumption-based provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-156">This offer only applies to global administrators in Azure Active Directory instances that don't have the full version of Azure MFA through an MFA license, a bundle, or a standalone consumption-based provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-157">If your admins use the free version, and then you purchase a full version of Azure MFA, then all global administrators are elevated to the paid version automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-157">If your admins use the free version, and then you purchase a full version of Azure MFA, then all global administrators are elevated to the paid version automatically.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-158">Multi-Factor Authentication for Office 365 users offers a subset of Azure MFA features at no cost for access to Office 365 services, including Exchange Online and SharePoint Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-158">Multi-Factor Authentication for Office 365 users offers a subset of Azure MFA features at no cost for access to Office 365 services, including Exchange Online and SharePoint Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-159">This offer applies to users who have an Office 365 license assigned, when the corresponding instance of Azure Active Directory doesn't have the full version of Azure MFA through an MFA license, a bundle, or a standalone consumption-based provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-159">This offer applies to users who have an Office 365 license assigned, when the corresponding instance of Azure Active Directory doesn't have the full version of Azure MFA through an MFA license, a bundle, or a standalone consumption-based provider.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-160">**Q: Can my organization switch between per-user and per-authentication consumption billing models at any time?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-160">**Q: Can my organization switch between per-user and per-authentication consumption billing models at any time?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-161">If your organization purchases MFA as a standalone service with consumption-based billing, you choose a billing model when you create an MFA provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-161">If your organization purchases MFA as a standalone service with consumption-based billing, you choose a billing model when you create an MFA provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-162">You cannot change the billing model after an MFA provider is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-162">You cannot change the billing model after an MFA provider is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-163">However, you can delete the MFA provider and then create one with a different billing model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-163">However, you can delete the MFA provider and then create one with a different billing model.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-164">When an MFA provider is created, it can be linked to an Azure Active Directory (aka “Azure AD tenant”).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-164">When an MFA provider is created, it can be linked to an Azure Active Directory (aka “Azure AD tenant”).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-165">If the current MFA Provider is linked to an Azure AD tenant, you can safely delete the MFA provider and create one that is linked to the same Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-165">If the current MFA Provider is linked to an Azure AD tenant, you can safely delete the MFA provider and create one that is linked to the same Azure AD tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-166">Alternatively, if you purchased enough MFA, Azure AD Premium, or Enterprise Mobility + Security (EMS) licenses to cover all users that are enabled for MFA, you can delete the MFA provider altogether.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-166">Alternatively, if you purchased enough MFA, Azure AD Premium, or Enterprise Mobility + Security (EMS) licenses to cover all users that are enabled for MFA, you can delete the MFA provider altogether.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-167">If your MFA provider is *not* linked to an Azure AD tenant, or you link the new MFA provider to a different Azure AD tenant, user settings and configuration options are not transferred.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-167">If your MFA provider is *not* linked to an Azure AD tenant, or you link the new MFA provider to a different Azure AD tenant, user settings and configuration options are not transferred.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-168">Also, existing Azure MFA Servers need to be reactivated using activation credentials generated through the new MFA Provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-168">Also, existing Azure MFA Servers need to be reactivated using activation credentials generated through the new MFA Provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-169">Reactivating the MFA Servers to link them to the new MFA Provider doesn't impact phone call and text message authentication, but mobile app notifications will stop working for all users until they reactivate the mobile app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-169">Reactivating the MFA Servers to link them to the new MFA Provider doesn't impact phone call and text message authentication, but mobile app notifications will stop working for all users until they reactivate the mobile app.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-170">Learn more about MFA providers in [Getting started with an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider](concept-mfa-authprovider.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-170">Learn more about MFA providers in [Getting started with an Azure Multi-Factor Auth Provider](concept-mfa-authprovider.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-171">**Q: Can my organization switch between consumption-based billing and subscriptions (a license-based model) at any time?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-171">**Q: Can my organization switch between consumption-based billing and subscriptions (a license-based model) at any time?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-172">In some instances, yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-172">In some instances, yes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-173">If your directory has a *per-user* Azure Multi-Factor Authentication provider, you can add MFA licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-173">If your directory has a *per-user* Azure Multi-Factor Authentication provider, you can add MFA licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-174">Users with licenses aren't be counted in the per-user consumption-based billing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-174">Users with licenses aren't be counted in the per-user consumption-based billing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-175">Users without licenses can still be enabled for MFA through the MFA provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-175">Users without licenses can still be enabled for MFA through the MFA provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-176">If you purchase and assign licenses for all your users configured to use Multi-Factor Authentication, you can delete the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-176">If you purchase and assign licenses for all your users configured to use Multi-Factor Authentication, you can delete the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-177">You can always create another per-user MFA provider if you have more users than licenses in the future.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-177">You can always create another per-user MFA provider if you have more users than licenses in the future.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-178">If your directory has a *per-authentication* Azure Multi-Factor Authentication provider, you are always billed for each authentication, as long as the MFA provider is linked to your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-178">If your directory has a *per-authentication* Azure Multi-Factor Authentication provider, you are always billed for each authentication, as long as the MFA provider is linked to your subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-179">You can assign MFA licenses to users, but you'll still be billed for every two-step verification request, whether it comes from someone with an MFA license assigned or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-179">You can assign MFA licenses to users, but you'll still be billed for every two-step verification request, whether it comes from someone with an MFA license assigned or not.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-180">**Q: Does my organization have to use and synchronize identities to use Azure Multi-Factor Authentication?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-180">**Q: Does my organization have to use and synchronize identities to use Azure Multi-Factor Authentication?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-181">If your organization uses a consumption-based billing model, Azure Active Directory is optional, but not required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-181">If your organization uses a consumption-based billing model, Azure Active Directory is optional, but not required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-182">If your MFA provider is not linked to an Azure AD tenant, you can only deploy Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-182">If your MFA provider is not linked to an Azure AD tenant, you can only deploy Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server on-premises.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-183">Azure Active Directory is required for the license model because licenses are added to the Azure AD tenant when you purchase and assign them to users in the directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-183">Azure Active Directory is required for the license model because licenses are added to the Azure AD tenant when you purchase and assign them to users in the directory.</span></span>

## <a name="manage-and-support-user-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="c6cac-184">Manage and support user accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-184">Manage and support user accounts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-185">**Q: What should I tell my users to do if they don’t receive a response on their phone, or don't have their phone with them?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-185">**Q: What should I tell my users to do if they don’t receive a response on their phone, or don't have their phone with them?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-186">Hopefully all your users configured more than one verification method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-186">Hopefully all your users configured more than one verification method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-187">Tell them to try signing in again, but select a different verification method on the sign-in page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-187">Tell them to try signing in again, but select a different verification method on the sign-in page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-188">You can point your users to the [End-user troubleshooting guide](../user-help/multi-factor-authentication-end-user-troubleshoot.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-188">You can point your users to the [End-user troubleshooting guide](../user-help/multi-factor-authentication-end-user-troubleshoot.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-189">**Q: What should I do if one of my users can't get in to their account?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-189">**Q: What should I do if one of my users can't get in to their account?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-190">You can reset the user's account by making them to go through the registration process again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-190">You can reset the user's account by making them to go through the registration process again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-191">Learn more about [managing user and device settings with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](howto-mfa-userdevicesettings.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-191">Learn more about [managing user and device settings with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](howto-mfa-userdevicesettings.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-192">**Q: What should I do if one of my users loses a phone that is using app passwords?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-192">**Q: What should I do if one of my users loses a phone that is using app passwords?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-193">To prevent unauthorized access, delete all the user's app passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-193">To prevent unauthorized access, delete all the user's app passwords.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-194">After the user has a replacement device, they can recreate the passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-194">After the user has a replacement device, they can recreate the passwords.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-195">Learn more about [managing user and device settings with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](howto-mfa-userdevicesettings.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-195">Learn more about [managing user and device settings with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication in the cloud](howto-mfa-userdevicesettings.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-196">**Q: What if a user can't sign in to non-browser apps?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-196">**Q: What if a user can't sign in to non-browser apps?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-197">If your organization still uses legacy clients, and you [allowed the use of app passwords](howto-mfa-mfasettings.md#app-passwords), then your users can't sign in to these legacy clients with their username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-197">If your organization still uses legacy clients, and you [allowed the use of app passwords](howto-mfa-mfasettings.md#app-passwords), then your users can't sign in to these legacy clients with their username and password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-198">Instead, they need to [set up app passwords](../user-help/multi-factor-authentication-end-user-app-passwords.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-198">Instead, they need to [set up app passwords](../user-help/multi-factor-authentication-end-user-app-passwords.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-199">Your users must clear (delete) their sign-in information, restart the app, and then sign in with their username and *app password* instead of their regular password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-199">Your users must clear (delete) their sign-in information, restart the app, and then sign in with their username and *app password* instead of their regular password.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-200">If your organization doesn't have legacy clients, you should not allow your users to create app passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-200">If your organization doesn't have legacy clients, you should not allow your users to create app passwords.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-201">Modern authentication for Office 2013 clients</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-201">Modern authentication for Office 2013 clients</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-202">App passwords are only necessary for apps that don't support modern authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-202">App passwords are only necessary for apps that don't support modern authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-203">Office 2013 clients support modern authentication protocols, but need to be configured.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-203">Office 2013 clients support modern authentication protocols, but need to be configured.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-204">Newer Office clients automatically support modern authentication protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-204">Newer Office clients automatically support modern authentication protocols.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-205">For more information, see the [Office 2013 modern authentication public preview announcement](https://blogs.office.com/2015/03/23/office-2013-modern-authentication-public-preview-announced/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-205">For more information, see the [Office 2013 modern authentication public preview announcement](https://blogs.office.com/2015/03/23/office-2013-modern-authentication-public-preview-announced/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-206">**Q: My users say that sometimes they don't receive the text message, or they reply to two-way text messages but the verification times out.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-206">**Q: My users say that sometimes they don't receive the text message, or they reply to two-way text messages but the verification times out.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-207">Delivery of text messages and receipt of replies in two-way SMS are not guaranteed because there are uncontrollable factors that might affect the reliability of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-207">Delivery of text messages and receipt of replies in two-way SMS are not guaranteed because there are uncontrollable factors that might affect the reliability of the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-208">These factors include the destination country, the mobile phone carrier, and the signal strength.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-208">These factors include the destination country, the mobile phone carrier, and the signal strength.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-209">If your users often have problems with reliably receiving text messages, tell them to use the mobile app or phone call method instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-209">If your users often have problems with reliably receiving text messages, tell them to use the mobile app or phone call method instead.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-210">The mobile app can receive notifications both over cellular and Wi-Fi connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-210">The mobile app can receive notifications both over cellular and Wi-Fi connections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-211">In addition, the mobile app can generate verification codes even when the device has no signal at all.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-211">In addition, the mobile app can generate verification codes even when the device has no signal at all.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-212">The Microsoft Authenticator app is available for [Android](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?Linkid=825072), [IOS](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?Linkid=825073), and [Windows Phone](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?Linkid=825071).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-212">The Microsoft Authenticator app is available for [Android](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?Linkid=825072), [IOS](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?Linkid=825073), and [Windows Phone](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?Linkid=825071).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-213">If you must use text messages, we recommend using one-way SMS rather than two-way SMS when possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-213">If you must use text messages, we recommend using one-way SMS rather than two-way SMS when possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-214">One-way SMS is more reliable and it prevents users from incurring global SMS charges from replying to a text message that was sent from another country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-214">One-way SMS is more reliable and it prevents users from incurring global SMS charges from replying to a text message that was sent from another country.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-215">**Q: Can I change the amount of time my users have to enter the verification code from a text message before the system times out?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-215">**Q: Can I change the amount of time my users have to enter the verification code from a text message before the system times out?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-216">In some cases, yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-216">In some cases, yes.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-217">For one-way SMS with Azure MFA Server v7.0 or higher, you can configure the timeout setting by setting a registry key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-217">For one-way SMS with Azure MFA Server v7.0 or higher, you can configure the timeout setting by setting a registry key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-218">After the MFA cloud service sends the text message, the verification code (or one-time passcode) is returned to the MFA Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-218">After the MFA cloud service sends the text message, the verification code (or one-time passcode) is returned to the MFA Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-219">The MFA Server stores the code in memory for 300 seconds by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-219">The MFA Server stores the code in memory for 300 seconds by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-220">If the user doesn't enter the code before the 300 seconds have passed, their authentication is denied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-220">If the user doesn't enter the code before the 300 seconds have passed, their authentication is denied.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-221">Use these steps to change the default timeout setting:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-221">Use these steps to change the default timeout setting:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-222">Go to HKLM\Software\Wow6432Node\Positive Networks\PhoneFactor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-222">Go to HKLM\Software\Wow6432Node\Positive Networks\PhoneFactor.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-223">Create a DWORD registry key called **pfsvc_pendingSmsTimeoutSeconds** and set the time in seconds that you want the Azure MFA Server to store one-time passcodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-223">Create a DWORD registry key called **pfsvc_pendingSmsTimeoutSeconds** and set the time in seconds that you want the Azure MFA Server to store one-time passcodes.</span></span>

>[!TIP] 
><span data-ttu-id="c6cac-224">If you have multiple MFA Servers, only the one that processed the original authentication request knows the verification code that was sent to the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-224">If you have multiple MFA Servers, only the one that processed the original authentication request knows the verification code that was sent to the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-225">When the user enters the code, the authentication request to validate it must be sent to the same server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-225">When the user enters the code, the authentication request to validate it must be sent to the same server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-226">If the code validation is sent to a different server, the authentication is denied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-226">If the code validation is sent to a different server, the authentication is denied.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-227">For two-way SMS with Azure MFA Server, you can configure the timeout setting in the MFA Management Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-227">For two-way SMS with Azure MFA Server, you can configure the timeout setting in the MFA Management Portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-228">If users don't respond to the SMS within the defined timeout period, their authentication is denied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-228">If users don't respond to the SMS within the defined timeout period, their authentication is denied.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-229">For one-way SMS with Azure MFA in the cloud (including the AD FS adapter or the Network Policy Server extension), you cannot configure the timeout setting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-229">For one-way SMS with Azure MFA in the cloud (including the AD FS adapter or the Network Policy Server extension), you cannot configure the timeout setting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-230">Azure AD stores the verification code for 180 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-230">Azure AD stores the verification code for 180 seconds.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-231">**Q: Can I use hardware tokens with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-231">**Q: Can I use hardware tokens with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-232">If you are using Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server, you can import third-party Open Authentication (OATH) time-based, one-time password (TOTP) tokens, and then use them for two-step verification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-232">If you are using Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server, you can import third-party Open Authentication (OATH) time-based, one-time password (TOTP) tokens, and then use them for two-step verification.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-233">You can use ActiveIdentity tokens that are OATH TOTP tokens if you put the secret key in a CSV file and import to Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-233">You can use ActiveIdentity tokens that are OATH TOTP tokens if you put the secret key in a CSV file and import to Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-234">You can use OATH tokens with Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), Internet Information Server (IIS) forms-based authentication, and Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) as long as the client system can accept the user input.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-234">You can use OATH tokens with Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), Internet Information Server (IIS) forms-based authentication, and Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) as long as the client system can accept the user input.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-235">You can import third-party OATH TOTP tokens with the following formats:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-235">You can import third-party OATH TOTP tokens with the following formats:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-236">Portable Symmetric Key Container (PSKC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-236">Portable Symmetric Key Container (PSKC)</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-237">CSV if the file contains a serial number, a secret key in Base 32 format, and a time interval</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-237">CSV if the file contains a serial number, a secret key in Base 32 format, and a time interval</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-238">**Q: Can I use Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server to secure Terminal Services?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-238">**Q: Can I use Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server to secure Terminal Services?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-239">Yes, but if you are using Windows Server 2012 R2 or later you can only secure Terminal Services by using Remote Desktop Gateway (RD Gateway).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-239">Yes, but if you are using Windows Server 2012 R2 or later you can only secure Terminal Services by using Remote Desktop Gateway (RD Gateway).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-240">Security changes in Windows Server 2012 R2 changed how Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server connects to the Local Security Authority (LSA) security package in Windows Server 2012 and earlier versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-240">Security changes in Windows Server 2012 R2 changed how Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server connects to the Local Security Authority (LSA) security package in Windows Server 2012 and earlier versions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-241">For versions of Terminal Services in Windows Server 2012 or earlier, you can [secure an application with Windows Authentication](howto-mfaserver-windows.md#to-secure-an-application-with-windows-authentication-use-the-following-procedure).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-241">For versions of Terminal Services in Windows Server 2012 or earlier, you can [secure an application with Windows Authentication](howto-mfaserver-windows.md#to-secure-an-application-with-windows-authentication-use-the-following-procedure).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-242">If you are using Windows Server 2012 R2, you need RD Gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-242">If you are using Windows Server 2012 R2, you need RD Gateway.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-243">**Q: I configured Caller ID in MFA Server, but my users still receive Multi-Factor Authentication calls from an anonymous caller.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-243">**Q: I configured Caller ID in MFA Server, but my users still receive Multi-Factor Authentication calls from an anonymous caller.**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-244">When Multi-Factor Authentication calls are placed through the public telephone network, sometimes they are routed through a carrier that doesn't support caller ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-244">When Multi-Factor Authentication calls are placed through the public telephone network, sometimes they are routed through a carrier that doesn't support caller ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-245">Because of this, caller ID is not guaranteed, even though the Multi-Factor Authentication system always sends it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-245">Because of this, caller ID is not guaranteed, even though the Multi-Factor Authentication system always sends it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-246">**Q: Why are my users being prompted to register their security information?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-246">**Q: Why are my users being prompted to register their security information?**</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-247">There are several reasons that users could be prompted to register their security information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-247">There are several reasons that users could be prompted to register their security information:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-248">The user has been enabled for MFA by their administrator in Azure AD, but doesn't have security information registered for their account yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-248">The user has been enabled for MFA by their administrator in Azure AD, but doesn't have security information registered for their account yet.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-249">The user has been enabled for self-service password reset in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-249">The user has been enabled for self-service password reset in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-250">The security information will help them reset their password in the future if they ever forget it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-250">The security information will help them reset their password in the future if they ever forget it.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-251">The user accessed an application that has a Conditional Access policy to require MFA and hasn’t previously registered for MFA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-251">The user accessed an application that has a Conditional Access policy to require MFA and hasn’t previously registered for MFA.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-252">The user is registering a device with Azure AD (including Azure AD Join), and your organization requires MFA for device registration, but the user has not previously registered for MFA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-252">The user is registering a device with Azure AD (including Azure AD Join), and your organization requires MFA for device registration, but the user has not previously registered for MFA.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-253">The user is generating Windows Hello for Business in Windows 10 (which requires MFA) and hasn’t previously registered for MFA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-253">The user is generating Windows Hello for Business in Windows 10 (which requires MFA) and hasn’t previously registered for MFA.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-254">The organization has created and enabled an MFA Registration policy that has been applied to the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-254">The organization has created and enabled an MFA Registration policy that has been applied to the user.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-255">The user previously registered for MFA, but chose a verification method that an administrator has since disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-255">The user previously registered for MFA, but chose a verification method that an administrator has since disabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-256">The user must therefore go through MFA registration again to select a new default verification method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-256">The user must therefore go through MFA registration again to select a new default verification method.</span></span>

## <a name="errors"></a><span data-ttu-id="c6cac-257">Errors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-257">Errors</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-258">**Q: What should users do if they see an “Authentication request is not for an activated account” error message when using mobile app notifications?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-258">**Q: What should users do if they see an “Authentication request is not for an activated account” error message when using mobile app notifications?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-259">Tell them to follow this procedure to remove their account from the mobile app, then add it again:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-259">Tell them to follow this procedure to remove their account from the mobile app, then add it again:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-260">Go to [your Azure portal profile](https://account.activedirectory.windowsazure.com/profile/) and sign in with your organizational account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-260">Go to [your Azure portal profile](https://account.activedirectory.windowsazure.com/profile/) and sign in with your organizational account.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-261">Select **Additional Security Verification**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-261">Select **Additional Security Verification**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-262">Remove the existing account from the mobile app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-262">Remove the existing account from the mobile app.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-263">Click **Configure**, and then follow the instructions to reconfigure the mobile app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-263">Click **Configure**, and then follow the instructions to reconfigure the mobile app.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-264">**Q: What should users do if they see a 0x800434D4L error message when signing in to a non-browser application?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-264">**Q: What should users do if they see a 0x800434D4L error message when signing in to a non-browser application?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-265">The 0x800434D4L error occurs when you try to sign in to a non-browser application, installed on a local computer, that doesn't work with accounts that require two-step verification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-265">The 0x800434D4L error occurs when you try to sign in to a non-browser application, installed on a local computer, that doesn't work with accounts that require two-step verification.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-266">A workaround for this error is to have separate user accounts for admin-related and non-admin operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-266">A workaround for this error is to have separate user accounts for admin-related and non-admin operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-267">Later, you can link mailboxes between your admin account and non-admin account so that you can sign in to Outlook by using your non-admin account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-267">Later, you can link mailboxes between your admin account and non-admin account so that you can sign in to Outlook by using your non-admin account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-268">For more details about this solution, learn how to [give an administrator the ability to open and view the contents of a user's mailbox](http://help.outlook.com/141/gg709759.aspx?sl=1).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-268">For more details about this solution, learn how to [give an administrator the ability to open and view the contents of a user's mailbox](http://help.outlook.com/141/gg709759.aspx?sl=1).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="c6cac-269">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-269">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c6cac-270">If your question isn't answered here, please leave it in the comments at the bottom of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-270">If your question isn't answered here, please leave it in the comments at the bottom of the page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-271">Or, here are some additional options for getting help:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-271">Or, here are some additional options for getting help:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-272">Search the [Microsoft Support Knowledge Base](https://www.microsoft.com/Search/result.aspx?form=mssupport&q=phonefactor&form=mssupport) for solutions to common technical issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-272">Search the [Microsoft Support Knowledge Base](https://www.microsoft.com/Search/result.aspx?form=mssupport&q=phonefactor&form=mssupport) for solutions to common technical issues.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-273">Search for and browse technical questions and answers from the community, or ask your own question in the [Azure Active Directory forums](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/azure/newthread?category=windowsazureplatform&forum=WindowsAzureAD&prof=required).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-273">Search for and browse technical questions and answers from the community, or ask your own question in the [Azure Active Directory forums](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/azure/newthread?category=windowsazureplatform&forum=WindowsAzureAD&prof=required).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-274">If you're a legacy PhoneFactor customer and you have questions or need help resetting a password, use the [password reset](mailto:phonefactorsupport@microsoft.com) link to open a support case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-274">If you're a legacy PhoneFactor customer and you have questions or need help resetting a password, use the [password reset](mailto:phonefactorsupport@microsoft.com) link to open a support case.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-275">Contact a support professional through [Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server (PhoneFactor) support](https://support.microsoft.com/oas/default.aspx?prid=14947).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-275">Contact a support professional through [Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server (PhoneFactor) support](https://support.microsoft.com/oas/default.aspx?prid=14947).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-276">When contacting us, it's helpful if you can include as much information about your issue as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-276">When contacting us, it's helpful if you can include as much information about your issue as possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c6cac-277">Information you can supply includes the page where you saw the error, the specific error code, the specific session ID, and the ID of the user who saw the error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c6cac-277">Information you can supply includes the page where you saw the error, the specific error code, the specific session ID, and the ID of the user who saw the error.</span></span>
