---
title: Azure Diagnostics version history | Microsoft Docs
description: Explanation of changes in the different versions of Azure diagnostics as shipped with different Microsoft Azure SDKs versions.
services: multiple
documentationcenter: .net
author: rboucher
manager: carmonm
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 0ae6738e-d3bf-4774-86bf-6e30a9d16c79
ms.service: monitoring-and-diagnostics
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/12/2016
ms.author: robb
ms.openlocfilehash: 965ef4b0f41699fa657b4873cb177c7f0c32c855
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556244"
---
# <a name="microsoft-azure-diagnostics-version-history"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8523-103">Microsoft Azure Diagnostics Version History</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-103">Microsoft Azure Diagnostics Version History</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d8523-104">New to Azure Diagnostics?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-104">New to Azure Diagnostics?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-105">See [Azure Diagnostics Overview](azure-diagnostics.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-105">See [Azure Diagnostics Overview](azure-diagnostics.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8523-106">Each version of Azure SDK typically ships with a new version of Azure Diagnostics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-106">Each version of Azure SDK typically ships with a new version of Azure Diagnostics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-107">The table below describes the Azure SDK and Azure Diagnostics versions associated with the SDK release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-107">The table below describes the Azure SDK and Azure Diagnostics versions associated with the SDK release.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="d8523-108">Azure SDK version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-108">Azure SDK version</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d8523-109">Azure Diagnostics version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-109">Azure Diagnostics version</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="d8523-110">Model</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-110">Model</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="d8523-111">1.x</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-111">1.x</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-112">1.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-112">1.0</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-113">plug-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-113">plug-in</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d8523-114">2.0 to 2.4</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-114">2.0 to 2.4</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-115">1.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-115">1.0</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-116">"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-116">"</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d8523-117">2.5</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-117">2.5</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-118">1.2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-118">1.2</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-119">extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-119">extension</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d8523-120">2.6</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-120">2.6</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-121">1.3</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-121">1.3</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-122">"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-122">"</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d8523-123">2.7</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-123">2.7</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-124">1.4</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-124">1.4</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-125">"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-125">"</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="d8523-126">2.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-126">2.8</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-127">1.5</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-127">1.5</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="d8523-128">"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-128">"</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="d8523-129">The latest version is 1.5, which shipped with Azure SDK 2.8.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-129">The latest version is 1.5, which shipped with Azure SDK 2.8.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-130">The version of Azure Diagnostics extension that ships with the SDK is only used for local emulator scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-130">The version of Azure Diagnostics extension that ships with the SDK is only used for local emulator scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-131">Any deployed application automatically uses the latest version when running in Azure, irrespective of which version of the SDK the application is built with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-131">Any deployed application automatically uses the latest version when running in Azure, irrespective of which version of the SDK the application is built with.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-132">However, unless you install the latest Azure SDK, you may not have all the tools that help you utilize the new features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-132">However, unless you install the latest Azure SDK, you may not have all the tools that help you utilize the new features.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8523-133">Various features and changes described below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-133">Various features and changes described below.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-sdk-28"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8523-134">Azure SDK 2.8</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-134">Azure SDK 2.8</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d8523-135">Azure SDK 2.8 added the ability to send diagnostics data to [Application Insights](../application-insights/app-insights-cloudservices.md) making it easier to diagnose issues across your application as well as the system and infrastructure level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-135">Azure SDK 2.8 added the ability to send diagnostics data to [Application Insights](../application-insights/app-insights-cloudservices.md) making it easier to diagnose issues across your application as well as the system and infrastructure level.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-26-diagnostics-changes"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8523-136">Azure 2.6 diagnostics changes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-136">Azure 2.6 diagnostics changes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d8523-137">For Azure SDK 2.6 Cloud Service projects in Visual Studio, the following changes were made.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-137">For Azure SDK 2.6 Cloud Service projects in Visual Studio, the following changes were made.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-138">(These changes also apply to later versions of Azure SDK.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-138">(These changes also apply to later versions of Azure SDK.)</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-139">The local emulator now supports diagnostics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-139">The local emulator now supports diagnostics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-140">This means you can collect diagnostics data and ensure your application is creating the right traces while you're developing and testing in Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-140">This means you can collect diagnostics data and ensure your application is creating the right traces while you're developing and testing in Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-141">The connection string `UseDevelopmentStorage=true` enables diagnostics data collection while you're running your cloud service project in Visual Studio by using the Azure storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-141">The connection string `UseDevelopmentStorage=true` enables diagnostics data collection while you're running your cloud service project in Visual Studio by using the Azure storage emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-142">All diagnostics data is collected in the (Development Storage) storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-142">All diagnostics data is collected in the (Development Storage) storage account.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-143">The diagnostics storage account connection string (Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Plugins.Diagnostics.ConnectionString) is stored once again in the service configuration (.cscfg) file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-143">The diagnostics storage account connection string (Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Plugins.Diagnostics.ConnectionString) is stored once again in the service configuration (.cscfg) file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-144">In Azure SDK 2.5 the diagnostics storage account was specified in the diagnostics.wadcfgx file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-144">In Azure SDK 2.5 the diagnostics storage account was specified in the diagnostics.wadcfgx file.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8523-145">There are some notable differences between how the connection string worked in Azure SDK 2.4 and earlier and how it works in Azure SDK 2.6 and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-145">There are some notable differences between how the connection string worked in Azure SDK 2.4 and earlier and how it works in Azure SDK 2.6 and later.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-146">In Azure SDK 2.4 and earlier, the connection string was used as a runtime by the diagnostics plugin to get the storage account information for transferring diagnostics logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-146">In Azure SDK 2.4 and earlier, the connection string was used as a runtime by the diagnostics plugin to get the storage account information for transferring diagnostics logs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-147">In Azure SDK 2.6 and later, the diagnostics connection string is used by Visual Studio to configure the diagnostics extension with the appropriate storage account information during publishing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-147">In Azure SDK 2.6 and later, the diagnostics connection string is used by Visual Studio to configure the diagnostics extension with the appropriate storage account information during publishing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-148">The connection string lets you define different storage accounts for different service configurations that Visual Studio will use when publishing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-148">The connection string lets you define different storage accounts for different service configurations that Visual Studio will use when publishing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-149">However, because the diagnostics plugin is no longer available (after Azure SDK 2.5), the .cscfg file by itself can't enable the Diagnostics Extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-149">However, because the diagnostics plugin is no longer available (after Azure SDK 2.5), the .cscfg file by itself can't enable the Diagnostics Extension.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-150">You have to enable the extension separately through tools such as Visual Studio or PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-150">You have to enable the extension separately through tools such as Visual Studio or PowerShell.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-151">To simplify the process of configuring the diagnostics extension with PowerShell, the package output from Visual Studio also contains the public configuration XML for the diagnostics extension for each role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-151">To simplify the process of configuring the diagnostics extension with PowerShell, the package output from Visual Studio also contains the public configuration XML for the diagnostics extension for each role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-152">Visual Studio uses the diagnostics connection string to populate the storage account information present in the public configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-152">Visual Studio uses the diagnostics connection string to populate the storage account information present in the public configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-153">The public config files are created in the Extensions folder and follow the pattern PaaSDiagnostics.<RoleName>.PubConfig.xml.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-153">The public config files are created in the Extensions folder and follow the pattern PaaSDiagnostics.<RoleName>.PubConfig.xml.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-154">Any PowerShell based deployments can use this pattern to map each configuration to a Role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-154">Any PowerShell based deployments can use this pattern to map each configuration to a Role.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-155">The connection string in the .cscfg file is also used by the Azure portal to access the diagnostics data so it can appear in the **Monitoring** tab. The connection string is needed to configure the service to show verbose monitoring data in the portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-155">The connection string in the .cscfg file is also used by the Azure portal to access the diagnostics data so it can appear in the **Monitoring** tab. The connection string is needed to configure the service to show verbose monitoring data in the portal.</span></span>

### <a name="migrating-projects-to-azure-sdk-26-and-later"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8523-156">Migrating projects to Azure SDK 2.6 and later</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-156">Migrating projects to Azure SDK 2.6 and later</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d8523-157">When migrating from Azure SDK 2.5 to Azure SDK 2.6 or later, if you had a diagnostics storage account specified in the .wadcfgx file, then it will stay there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-157">When migrating from Azure SDK 2.5 to Azure SDK 2.6 or later, if you had a diagnostics storage account specified in the .wadcfgx file, then it will stay there.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-158">To take advantage of the flexibility of using different storage accounts for different storage configurations, you'll have to manually add the connection string to your project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-158">To take advantage of the flexibility of using different storage accounts for different storage configurations, you'll have to manually add the connection string to your project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-159">If you're migrating a project from Azure SDK 2.4 or earlier to Azure SDK 2.6, then the diagnostics connection strings are preserved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-159">If you're migrating a project from Azure SDK 2.4 or earlier to Azure SDK 2.6, then the diagnostics connection strings are preserved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-160">However, please note the changes in how connection strings are treated in Azure SDK 2.6 as specified in the previous section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-160">However, please note the changes in how connection strings are treated in Azure SDK 2.6 as specified in the previous section.</span></span>

### <a name="how-visual-studio-determines-the-diagnostics-storage-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8523-161">How Visual Studio determines the diagnostics storage account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-161">How Visual Studio determines the diagnostics storage account</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-162">If a diagnostics connection string is specified in the .cscfg file, Visual Studio uses it to configure the diagnostics extension when publishing, and when generating the public configuration xml files during packaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-162">If a diagnostics connection string is specified in the .cscfg file, Visual Studio uses it to configure the diagnostics extension when publishing, and when generating the public configuration xml files during packaging.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-163">If no diagnostics connection string is specified in the .cscfg file, then Visual Studio falls back to using the storage account specified in the .wadcfgx file to configure the diagnostics extension when publishing, and generating the public configuration xml files when packaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-163">If no diagnostics connection string is specified in the .cscfg file, then Visual Studio falls back to using the storage account specified in the .wadcfgx file to configure the diagnostics extension when publishing, and generating the public configuration xml files when packaging.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-164">The diagnostics connection string in the .cscfg file takes precedence over the storage account in the .wadcfgx file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-164">The diagnostics connection string in the .cscfg file takes precedence over the storage account in the .wadcfgx file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-165">If a diagnostics connection string is specified in the .cscfg file, then Visual Studio uses that and ignores the storage account in .wadcfgx.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-165">If a diagnostics connection string is specified in the .cscfg file, then Visual Studio uses that and ignores the storage account in .wadcfgx.</span></span>

### <a name="what-does-the-update-development-storage-connection-strings-checkbox-do"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8523-166">What does the "Update development storage connection strings…" checkbox do?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-166">What does the "Update development storage connection strings…" checkbox do?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d8523-167">The checkbox for **Update development storage connection strings for Diagnostics and Caching with Microsoft Azure storage account credentials when publishing to Microsoft Azure** gives you a convenient way to update any development storage account connection strings with the Azure storage account specified during publishing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-167">The checkbox for **Update development storage connection strings for Diagnostics and Caching with Microsoft Azure storage account credentials when publishing to Microsoft Azure** gives you a convenient way to update any development storage account connection strings with the Azure storage account specified during publishing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8523-168">For example, suppose you select this checkbox and the diagnostics connection string specifies `UseDevelopmentStorage=true`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-168">For example, suppose you select this checkbox and the diagnostics connection string specifies `UseDevelopmentStorage=true`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-169">When you publish the project to Azure, Visual Studio will automatically update the diagnostics connection string with the storage account you specified in the Publish wizard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-169">When you publish the project to Azure, Visual Studio will automatically update the diagnostics connection string with the storage account you specified in the Publish wizard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-170">However, if a real storage account was specified as the diagnostics connection string, then that account is used instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-170">However, if a real storage account was specified as the diagnostics connection string, then that account is used instead.</span></span>

## <a name="diagnostics-functionality-differences-between-azure-sdk-24-and-earlier-and-azure-sdk-25-and-later"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8523-171">Diagnostics functionality differences between Azure SDK 2.4 and earlier and Azure SDK 2.5 and later</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-171">Diagnostics functionality differences between Azure SDK 2.4 and earlier and Azure SDK 2.5 and later</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d8523-172">If you're upgrading your project from Azure SDK 2.4 to Azure SDK 2.5 or later, you should bear in mind the following diagnostics functionality differences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-172">If you're upgrading your project from Azure SDK 2.4 to Azure SDK 2.5 or later, you should bear in mind the following diagnostics functionality differences.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-173">**Configuration APIs are deprecated** – Programmatic configuration of diagnostics is available in Azure SDK 2.4 or earlier versions, but is deprecated in Azure SDK 2.5 and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-173">**Configuration APIs are deprecated** – Programmatic configuration of diagnostics is available in Azure SDK 2.4 or earlier versions, but is deprecated in Azure SDK 2.5 and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-174">If your diagnostics configuration is currently defined in code, you'll need to reconfigure those settings from scratch in the migrated project in order for diagnostics to keep working.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-174">If your diagnostics configuration is currently defined in code, you'll need to reconfigure those settings from scratch in the migrated project in order for diagnostics to keep working.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8523-175">The diagnostics configuration file for Azure SDK 2.4 is diagnostics.wadcfg, and diagnostics.wadcfgx for Azure SDK 2.5 and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-175">The diagnostics configuration file for Azure SDK 2.4 is diagnostics.wadcfg, and diagnostics.wadcfgx for Azure SDK 2.5 and later.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-176">**Diagnostics for cloud service applications can only be configured at the role level, not at the instance level.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-176">**Diagnostics for cloud service applications can only be configured at the role level, not at the instance level.**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-177">**Every time you deploy your app, the diagnostics configuration is updated** – This can cause parity issues if you change your diagnostics configuration from Server Explorer and then redeploy your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-177">**Every time you deploy your app, the diagnostics configuration is updated** – This can cause parity issues if you change your diagnostics configuration from Server Explorer and then redeploy your app.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="d8523-178">**In Azure SDK 2.5 and later, crash dumps are configured in the diagnostics configuration file, not in code** – If you have crash dumps configured in code, you'll have to manually transfer the configuration from code to the configuration file, because the crash dumps aren't transferred during the migration to Azure SDK 2.6.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8523-178">**In Azure SDK 2.5 and later, crash dumps are configured in the diagnostics configuration file, not in code** – If you have crash dumps configured in code, you'll have to manually transfer the configuration from code to the configuration file, because the crash dumps aren't transferred during the migration to Azure SDK 2.6.</span></span>
