---
title: Introduction to Stream Analytics | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about Stream Analytics, a managed service that helps you analyze streaming data from the Internet of Things (IoT) in real-time.
keywords: analytics as a service, managed services, stream processing, streaming analytics, what is stream analytics
services: stream-analytics
documentationcenter: ''
author: jeffstokes72
manager: jhubbard
editor: cgronlun
ms.assetid: 613c9b01-d103-46e0-b0ca-0839fee94ca8
ms.service: stream-analytics
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: data-services
ms.date: 03/28/2017
ms.author: jeffstok
ms.openlocfilehash: c510321d102e3c4940cb9808b44ae80ba624a7b1
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554467"
---
# <a name="what-is-stream-analytics"></a><span data-ttu-id="98a4c-104">What is Stream Analytics?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-104">What is Stream Analytics?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-105">Azure Stream Analytics is a fully managed, cost effective real-time event processing engine that helps to unlock deep insights from data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-105">Azure Stream Analytics is a fully managed, cost effective real-time event processing engine that helps to unlock deep insights from data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-106">Stream Analytics makes it easy to set up real-time analytic computations on data streaming from devices, sensors, web sites, social media, applications, infrastructure systems, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-106">Stream Analytics makes it easy to set up real-time analytic computations on data streaming from devices, sensors, web sites, social media, applications, infrastructure systems, and more.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-107">With a few clicks in the Azure portal, you can author a Stream Analytics job specifying the input source of the streaming data, the output sink for the results of your job, and a data transformation expressed in a SQL-like language.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-107">With a few clicks in the Azure portal, you can author a Stream Analytics job specifying the input source of the streaming data, the output sink for the results of your job, and a data transformation expressed in a SQL-like language.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-108">You can monitor and adjust the scale/speed of your job in the Azure portal to scale from a few kilobytes to a gigabyte or more of events processed per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-108">You can monitor and adjust the scale/speed of your job in the Azure portal to scale from a few kilobytes to a gigabyte or more of events processed per second.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-109">Stream Analytics leverages years of Microsoft Research work in developing highly tuned streaming engines for time-sensitive processing, as well as language integrations for intuitive specifications of such.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-109">Stream Analytics leverages years of Microsoft Research work in developing highly tuned streaming engines for time-sensitive processing, as well as language integrations for intuitive specifications of such.</span></span>

## <a name="what-can-i-use-stream-analytics-for"></a><span data-ttu-id="98a4c-110">What can I use Stream Analytics for?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-110">What can I use Stream Analytics for?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-111">Vast amounts of data are flowing at high velocity over the wire today.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-111">Vast amounts of data are flowing at high velocity over the wire today.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-112">Organizations that can process and act on this streaming data in real time can dramatically improve efficiencies and differentiate themselves in the market.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-112">Organizations that can process and act on this streaming data in real time can dramatically improve efficiencies and differentiate themselves in the market.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-113">Scenarios of real-time streaming analytics can be found across all industries: personalized, real-time stock-trading analysis and alerts offered by financial services companies; real-time fraud detection; data and identity protection services; reliable ingestion and analysis of data generated by sensors and actuators embedded in physical objects (Internet of Things, or IoT); web clickstream analytics; and customer relationship management (CRM) applications issuing alerts when customer experience within a time frame is degraded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-113">Scenarios of real-time streaming analytics can be found across all industries: personalized, real-time stock-trading analysis and alerts offered by financial services companies; real-time fraud detection; data and identity protection services; reliable ingestion and analysis of data generated by sensors and actuators embedded in physical objects (Internet of Things, or IoT); web clickstream analytics; and customer relationship management (CRM) applications issuing alerts when customer experience within a time frame is degraded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-114">Businesses are looking for the most flexible, reliable and cost-effective way to do such real-time event-stream data analysis to succeed in the highly competitive modern business world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-114">Businesses are looking for the most flexible, reliable and cost-effective way to do such real-time event-stream data analysis to succeed in the highly competitive modern business world.</span></span>

## <a name="key-capabilities-and-benefits"></a><span data-ttu-id="98a4c-115">Key capabilities and benefits</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-115">Key capabilities and benefits</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-116">**Ease of use:** Stream Analytics supports a simple, declarative query model for describing transformations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-116">**Ease of use:** Stream Analytics supports a simple, declarative query model for describing transformations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-117">In order to optimize for ease of use, Stream Analytics uses a T-SQL variant, and removes the need for customers to deal with the technical complexities of stream processing systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-117">In order to optimize for ease of use, Stream Analytics uses a T-SQL variant, and removes the need for customers to deal with the technical complexities of stream processing systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-118">Using the [Stream Analytics query language](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn834998.aspx) in the in-browser query editor, you get intelli-sense auto-complete to help you can quickly and easily implement time series queries, including temporal-based joins, windowed aggregates, temporal filters, and other common operations such as joins, aggregates, projections, and filters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-118">Using the [Stream Analytics query language](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn834998.aspx) in the in-browser query editor, you get intelli-sense auto-complete to help you can quickly and easily implement time series queries, including temporal-based joins, windowed aggregates, temporal filters, and other common operations such as joins, aggregates, projections, and filters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-119">In addition, in-browser query testing against a sample data file enables quick, iterative development.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-119">In addition, in-browser query testing against a sample data file enables quick, iterative development.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-120">**Scalability:** Stream Analytics is capable of handling high event throughput of up to 1GB/second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-120">**Scalability:** Stream Analytics is capable of handling high event throughput of up to 1GB/second.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-121">Integration with [Azure Event Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/event-hubs/) and [Azure IoT Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/iot-hub/) allow the solution to ingest millions of events per second coming from connected devices, clickstreams, and log files, to name a few.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-121">Integration with [Azure Event Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/event-hubs/) and [Azure IoT Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/iot-hub/) allow the solution to ingest millions of events per second coming from connected devices, clickstreams, and log files, to name a few.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-122">In order to achieve this, Stream Analytics leverages the partitioning capability of Event Hubs, which can yield 1MB/s per partition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-122">In order to achieve this, Stream Analytics leverages the partitioning capability of Event Hubs, which can yield 1MB/s per partition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-123">Users are able to partition the computation into a number of logical steps within the query definition, each with the ability to be further partitioned to increase scalability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-123">Users are able to partition the computation into a number of logical steps within the query definition, each with the ability to be further partitioned to increase scalability.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-124">**Reliability, repeatability and quick recovery:** A managed service in the cloud, Stream Analytics helps prevent data loss and provides business continuity in the event of failures through built-in recovery capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-124">**Reliability, repeatability and quick recovery:** A managed service in the cloud, Stream Analytics helps prevent data loss and provides business continuity in the event of failures through built-in recovery capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-125">With the ability to internally maintain state, the service provides repeatable results ensuring it is possible to archive events and reapply processing in the future, always getting the same results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-125">With the ability to internally maintain state, the service provides repeatable results ensuring it is possible to archive events and reapply processing in the future, always getting the same results.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-126">This enables customers to go back in time and investigate computations when doing root-cause analysis, what-if analysis, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-126">This enables customers to go back in time and investigate computations when doing root-cause analysis, what-if analysis, etc.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-127">**Low cost:** As a cloud service, Stream Analytics is optimized to provide users a very low cost to get going and maintain real-time analytics solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-127">**Low cost:** As a cloud service, Stream Analytics is optimized to provide users a very low cost to get going and maintain real-time analytics solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-128">The service is built for you to pay as you go based on Streaming Unit usage and the amount of data processed by the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-128">The service is built for you to pay as you go based on Streaming Unit usage and the amount of data processed by the system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-129">Usage is derived based on the volume of events processed and the amount of compute power provisioned within the cluster to handle the respective Stream Analytics jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-129">Usage is derived based on the volume of events processed and the amount of compute power provisioned within the cluster to handle the respective Stream Analytics jobs.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-130">**Reference data:** Stream Analytics provides users the ability to specify and use reference data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-130">**Reference data:** Stream Analytics provides users the ability to specify and use reference data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-131">This could be historical data or simply non-streaming data that changes less frequently over time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-131">This could be historical data or simply non-streaming data that changes less frequently over time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-132">The system simplifies the use of reference data to be treated like any other incoming event stream to join with other event streams ingested in real time to perform transformations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-132">The system simplifies the use of reference data to be treated like any other incoming event stream to join with other event streams ingested in real time to perform transformations.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-133">**User Defined Functions:** Stream Analytics has integration with Azure Machine Learning to define function calls in the Machine Learning service as part of a Stream Analytics query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-133">**User Defined Functions:** Stream Analytics has integration with Azure Machine Learning to define function calls in the Machine Learning service as part of a Stream Analytics query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-134">This expands the capabilities of Stream Analytics to leverage existing Azure Machine Learning solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-134">This expands the capabilities of Stream Analytics to leverage existing Azure Machine Learning solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-135">For further information on this, please review the [Machine Learning integration tutorial](stream-analytics-machine-learning-integration-tutorial.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-135">For further information on this, please review the [Machine Learning integration tutorial](stream-analytics-machine-learning-integration-tutorial.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-136">**Connectivity:** Stream Analytics connects directly to Azure Event Hubs and Azure IoT Hubs for stream ingestion, and the Azure Blob service to ingest historical data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-136">**Connectivity:** Stream Analytics connects directly to Azure Event Hubs and Azure IoT Hubs for stream ingestion, and the Azure Blob service to ingest historical data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-137">Results can be written from Stream Analytics to Azure Storage Blobs or Tables, Azure SQL DB, Azure Data Lake Stores, DocumentDB, Event Hubs, Azure Service Bus Topics or Queues, and Power BI, where it can then be visualized, further processed by workflows, used in batch analytics via [Azure HDInsight](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hdinsight/) or processed again as a series of events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-137">Results can be written from Stream Analytics to Azure Storage Blobs or Tables, Azure SQL DB, Azure Data Lake Stores, DocumentDB, Event Hubs, Azure Service Bus Topics or Queues, and Power BI, where it can then be visualized, further processed by workflows, used in batch analytics via [Azure HDInsight](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/hdinsight/) or processed again as a series of events.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-138">When using Event Hubs it is possible to compose multiple Stream Analytics together with other data sources and processing engines without losing the streaming nature of the computations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-138">When using Event Hubs it is possible to compose multiple Stream Analytics together with other data sources and processing engines without losing the streaming nature of the computations.</span></span>  

## <a name="get-help"></a><span data-ttu-id="98a4c-139">Get help</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-139">Get help</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-140">For further assistance, try our [Azure Stream Analytics forum](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/home?forum=AzureStreamAnalytics)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-140">For further assistance, try our [Azure Stream Analytics forum](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/home?forum=AzureStreamAnalytics)</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="98a4c-141">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-141">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-142">You've been introduced to Stream Analytics, a managed service for streaming analytics on data from the Internet of Things.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-142">You've been introduced to Stream Analytics, a managed service for streaming analytics on data from the Internet of Things.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="98a4c-143">To learn more about this service, see:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-143">To learn more about this service, see:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-144">Get started using Azure Stream Analytics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-144">Get started using Azure Stream Analytics</span></span>](stream-analytics-get-started.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-145">Scale Azure Stream Analytics jobs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-145">Scale Azure Stream Analytics jobs</span></span>](stream-analytics-scale-jobs.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-146">Azure Stream Analytics Query Language Reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-146">Azure Stream Analytics Query Language Reference</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn834998.aspx)
* [<span data-ttu-id="98a4c-147">Azure Stream Analytics Management REST API Reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="98a4c-147">Azure Stream Analytics Management REST API Reference</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn835031.aspx)

