---
title: Azure MFA Server upgrade | Microsoft Docs
description: Steps and guidance to upgrade the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server to a newer version.
services: multi-factor-authentication
documentationcenter: ''
author: kgremban
manager: femila
editor: yossib
ms.assetid: 50bb8ac3-5559-4d8b-a96a-799a74978b14
ms.service: multi-factor-authentication
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/26/2017
ms.author: kgremban
ms.openlocfilehash: 6932d0da5f650121c4d0bdd0044fa696c96bcc5e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551112"
---
# <a name="upgrade-to-the-latest-azure-multi-factor-authentication-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-103">Upgrade to the latest Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-103">Upgrade to the latest Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-104">This article walks you through the process of upgrading Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) Server v6.0 or higher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-104">This article walks you through the process of upgrading Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) Server v6.0 or higher.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-105">If you need to upgrade an old version of the PhoneFactor Agent, refer to [Upgrade the PhoneFactor Agent to Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server-upgrade.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-105">If you need to upgrade an old version of the PhoneFactor Agent, refer to [Upgrade the PhoneFactor Agent to Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server-upgrade.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-106">If you're upgrading from v6.x or older to v7.x or newer, all components change from .NET 2.0 to .NET 4.5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-106">If you're upgrading from v6.x or older to v7.x or newer, all components change from .NET 2.0 to .NET 4.5.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-107">All components also require Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-107">All components also require Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-108">The MFA Server installer will install both the x86 and x64 versions of these components if they aren't already installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-108">The MFA Server installer will install both the x86 and x64 versions of these components if they aren't already installed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-109">If the User Portal and Mobile App Web Service run on separate servers, you need to install those packages before upgrading those components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-109">If the User Portal and Mobile App Web Service run on separate servers, you need to install those packages before upgrading those components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-110">You can search for the latest Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable update on the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-110">You can search for the latest Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable update on the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/).</span></span> 

## <a name="install-the-latest-version-of-azure-mfa-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-111">Install the latest version of Azure MFA Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-111">Install the latest version of Azure MFA Server</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-112">Use the instructions in [Download the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server.md#download-the-azure-multi-factor-authentication-server) to get the latest version of the Azure MFA Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-112">Use the instructions in [Download the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server](multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server.md#download-the-azure-multi-factor-authentication-server) to get the latest version of the Azure MFA Server.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-113">Make a backup of the MFA Server data file located at C:\Program Files\Multi-Factor Authentication Server\Data\PhoneFactor.pfdata (assuming the default install location) on your master MFA Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-113">Make a backup of the MFA Server data file located at C:\Program Files\Multi-Factor Authentication Server\Data\PhoneFactor.pfdata (assuming the default install location) on your master MFA Server.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-114">If you run multiple servers for high availability, change the client systems that authenticate to the MFA Server so that they stop sending traffic to MFA Servers that are upgrading.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-114">If you run multiple servers for high availability, change the client systems that authenticate to the MFA Server so that they stop sending traffic to MFA Servers that are upgrading.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-115">If you use a load balancer, remove each MFA Server being upgraded from the load balancer, do the upgrade, and then add the server back into the farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-115">If you use a load balancer, remove each MFA Server being upgraded from the load balancer, do the upgrade, and then add the server back into the farm.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-116">Run the new installer on each MFA Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-116">Run the new installer on each MFA Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-117">Upgrade subordinate servers first because they can read the old data file being replicated by the master.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-117">Upgrade subordinate servers first because they can read the old data file being replicated by the master.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-118">You do not need to uninstall your current MFA Server before running the installer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-118">You do not need to uninstall your current MFA Server before running the installer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-119">The installer performs an in-place upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-119">The installer performs an in-place upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-120">The installation path is picked up from the registry from the previous installation, so it installs in the same location (for example, C:\Program Files\Multi-Factor Authentication Server).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-120">The installation path is picked up from the registry from the previous installation, so it installs in the same location (for example, C:\Program Files\Multi-Factor Authentication Server).</span></span> 
  
5. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-121">If you're prompted to install a Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable update package, accept the prompt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-121">If you're prompted to install a Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable update package, accept the prompt.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-122">Both the x86 and x64 versions of the package are installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-122">Both the x86 and x64 versions of the package are installed.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-123">If the Web Service SDK was previously installed, you should be prompted to install the new Web Service SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-123">If the Web Service SDK was previously installed, you should be prompted to install the new Web Service SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-124">When you install the new Web Service SDK, make sure that the virtual directory name matches the previously installed virtual directory (for example, MultiFactorAuthWebServiceSdk).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-124">When you install the new Web Service SDK, make sure that the virtual directory name matches the previously installed virtual directory (for example, MultiFactorAuthWebServiceSdk).</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-125">Repeat the steps on all subordinate servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-125">Repeat the steps on all subordinate servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-126">Promote one of the subordinates to be the new master, then upgrade the old master server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-126">Promote one of the subordinates to be the new master, then upgrade the old master server.</span></span> 

## <a name="upgrade-the-user-portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-127">Upgrade the User Portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-127">Upgrade the User Portal</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-128">Make a backup of the web.config file that is in the virtual directory of the User Portal installation location (for example, C:\inetpub\wwwroot\MultiFactorAuth).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-128">Make a backup of the web.config file that is in the virtual directory of the User Portal installation location (for example, C:\inetpub\wwwroot\MultiFactorAuth).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-129">If any changes were made to the default theme, make a backup of the App_Themes\Default folder as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-129">If any changes were made to the default theme, make a backup of the App_Themes\Default folder as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-130">It is better to create a copy of the Default folder and create a new theme than to change the Default theme.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-130">It is better to create a copy of the Default folder and create a new theme than to change the Default theme.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-131">If the User Portal runs on the same server as the other MFA Server components, the MFA Server installation prompts you to update the User Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-131">If the User Portal runs on the same server as the other MFA Server components, the MFA Server installation prompts you to update the User Portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-132">Accept the prompt and install the User Portal update, ensuring that the virtual directory name matches the previously installed virtual directory (for example, MultiFactorAuth).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-132">Accept the prompt and install the User Portal update, ensuring that the virtual directory name matches the previously installed virtual directory (for example, MultiFactorAuth).</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-133">If the User Portal is installed on its own server, copy the MultiFactorAuthenticationUserPortalSetup64.msi file from install location of one of the MFA Servers and put it onto the User Portal web server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-133">If the User Portal is installed on its own server, copy the MultiFactorAuthenticationUserPortalSetup64.msi file from install location of one of the MFA Servers and put it onto the User Portal web server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-134">Run the installer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-134">Run the installer.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-135">If an error occurs stating that Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher is required, download and install the latest update package from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-135">If an error occurs stating that Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher is required, download and install the latest update package from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-136">Install both the x86 and x64 versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-136">Install both the x86 and x64 versions.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-137">After the updated User Portal software is installed, compare the web.config backup you made in step 1 with the new web.config file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-137">After the updated User Portal software is installed, compare the web.config backup you made in step 1 with the new web.config file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-138">If no new attributes exist in the new web.config, copy your backup web.config into the virtual directory to overwrite the new one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-138">If no new attributes exist in the new web.config, copy your backup web.config into the virtual directory to overwrite the new one.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-139">Another option is to copy/paste the appSettings values and the Web Service SDK URL from the backup file into the new web.config.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-139">Another option is to copy/paste the appSettings values and the Web Service SDK URL from the backup file into the new web.config.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-140">If you have the User Portal on multiple servers, repeat the installation on all of them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-140">If you have the User Portal on multiple servers, repeat the installation on all of them.</span></span> 


## <a name="upgrade-the-mobile-app-web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-141">Upgrade the Mobile App Web Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-141">Upgrade the Mobile App Web Service</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-142">Make a backup of the web.config file that is in the virtual directory of the Mobile App Web Service installation location (for example, C:\inetpub\wwwroot\app or C:\inetpub\wwwroot\MultiFactorAuthMobileAppWebService).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-142">Make a backup of the web.config file that is in the virtual directory of the Mobile App Web Service installation location (for example, C:\inetpub\wwwroot\app or C:\inetpub\wwwroot\MultiFactorAuthMobileAppWebService).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-143">Copy the MultiFactorAuthenticationMobileAppWebServiceSetup64.msi file from the install location of one of the MFA Servers and put it onto the Mobile App registration web server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-143">Copy the MultiFactorAuthenticationMobileAppWebServiceSetup64.msi file from the install location of one of the MFA Servers and put it onto the Mobile App registration web server.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-144">Run the installer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-144">Run the installer.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-145">If an error occurs stating that Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher is required, download and install the latest update package from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-145">If an error occurs stating that Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher is required, download and install the latest update package from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-146">Install both the x86 and x64 versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-146">Install both the x86 and x64 versions.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-147">After the updated Mobile App Web Service software is installed, compare the web.config file that was backed up in step 1 with the new web.config file installed by the installer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-147">After the updated Mobile App Web Service software is installed, compare the web.config file that was backed up in step 1 with the new web.config file installed by the installer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-148">If no new attributes exist in the new web.config, you can copy your saved web.config back into the virtual directory and overwrite the new one that was installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-148">If no new attributes exist in the new web.config, you can copy your saved web.config back into the virtual directory and overwrite the new one that was installed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-149">Another option is to copy/paste the appSettings values and the Web Service SDK URL from the backup file into the new web.config.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-149">Another option is to copy/paste the appSettings values and the Web Service SDK URL from the backup file into the new web.config.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-150">If you have the Mobile App Web Service on multiple servers, repeat the installation on all of them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-150">If you have the Mobile App Web Service on multiple servers, repeat the installation on all of them.</span></span> 

## <a name="upgrade-the-ad-fs-adapters"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-151">Upgrade the AD FS Adapters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-151">Upgrade the AD FS Adapters</span></span>


### <a name="if-mfa-runs-on-different-servers-than-ad-fs"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-152">If MFA runs on different servers than AD FS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-152">If MFA runs on different servers than AD FS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-153">These instructions only apply if you run Multi-Factor Authentication Server separately from your AD FS servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-153">These instructions only apply if you run Multi-Factor Authentication Server separately from your AD FS servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-154">If both services run on the same servers, skip this section and go to the installation steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-154">If both services run on the same servers, skip this section and go to the installation steps.</span></span> 

1. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-155">Save a copy of the existing MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config that was registered in AD FS, or export the existing configuration to a file using the following PowerShell command: `Export-AdfsAuthenticationProviderConfigurationData -Name [adapter name] -FilePath [path to config file]`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-155">Save a copy of the existing MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config that was registered in AD FS, or export the existing configuration to a file using the following PowerShell command: `Export-AdfsAuthenticationProviderConfigurationData -Name [adapter name] -FilePath [path to config file]`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-156">The adapter name is either "WindowsAzureMultiFactorAuthentication" or "AzureMfaServerAuthentication" depending on the version previously installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-156">The adapter name is either "WindowsAzureMultiFactorAuthentication" or "AzureMfaServerAuthentication" depending on the version previously installed.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-157">Copy the following files from the MFA Server installation location to the AD FS servers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-157">Copy the following files from the MFA Server installation location to the AD FS servers:</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-158">MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapterSetup64.msi</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-158">MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapterSetup64.msi</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-159">Register-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-159">Register-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-160">Unregister-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-160">Unregister-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-161">MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-161">MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-162">Edit the Register-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1 script by adding `-ConfigurationFilePath [path]` to the end of the Register-AdfsAuthenticationProvider command, where *[path]* is the full path to the MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config file or the configuration file exported in the previous step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-162">Edit the Register-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1 script by adding `-ConfigurationFilePath [path]` to the end of the Register-AdfsAuthenticationProvider command, where *[path]* is the full path to the MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config file or the configuration file exported in the previous step.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-163">Check the attributes in the new MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config to see if they match the old config file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-163">Check the attributes in the new MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.config to see if they match the old config file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-164">If any attributes were added or removed in the new version, either copy the attribute values from the old configuration file to the new one, or modify the old configuration file to match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-164">If any attributes were added or removed in the new version, either copy the attribute values from the old configuration file to the new one, or modify the old configuration file to match.</span></span>

### <a name="install-new-ad-fs-adapters"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-165">Install new AD FS adapters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-165">Install new AD FS adapters</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-166">Your users will not be required to perform two-step verification during steps 3-8 of this section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-166">Your users will not be required to perform two-step verification during steps 3-8 of this section.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-167">If you have AD FS configured in multiple clusters, you can remove, upgrade, and restore each cluster in the farm independently of the other clusters to avoid downtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-167">If you have AD FS configured in multiple clusters, you can remove, upgrade, and restore each cluster in the farm independently of the other clusters to avoid downtime.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-168">Remove some AD FS servers from the farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-168">Remove some AD FS servers from the farm.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-169">Update these servers while the others are still running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-169">Update these servers while the others are still running.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-170">Install the new AD FS adapter on each server removed from the AD FS farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-170">Install the new AD FS adapter on each server removed from the AD FS farm.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-171">If the MFA Server is installed on each AD FS server, you can update through the MFA Server admin UX.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-171">If the MFA Server is installed on each AD FS server, you can update through the MFA Server admin UX.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-172">Otherwise, update by running MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapterSetup64.msi.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-172">Otherwise, update by running MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapterSetup64.msi.</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-173">If an error occurs stating that Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher is required, download and install the latest update package from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-173">If an error occurs stating that Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Update 1 or higher is required, download and install the latest update package from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-174">Install both the x86 and x64 versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-174">Install both the x86 and x64 versions.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-175">Go to **AD FS** > **Authentication Policies** > **Edit Global MultiFactor Authentication Policy**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-175">Go to **AD FS** > **Authentication Policies** > **Edit Global MultiFactor Authentication Policy**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-176">Uncheck **WindowsAzureMultiFactorAuthentication** or **AzureMFAServerAuthentication** (depending on the current version installed).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-176">Uncheck **WindowsAzureMultiFactorAuthentication** or **AzureMFAServerAuthentication** (depending on the current version installed).</span></span> 

  <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-177">Once this step is complete, two-step verification through MFA Server will not be available in this AD FS cluster until you complete step 8.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-177">Once this step is complete, two-step verification through MFA Server will not be available in this AD FS cluster until you complete step 8.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-178">Unregister the older version of the AD FS adapter by running the Unregister-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1 PowerShell script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-178">Unregister the older version of the AD FS adapter by running the Unregister-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1 PowerShell script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-179">Ensure that the *-Name* parameter listed in the script (either “WindowsAzureMultiFactorAuthentication” or "AzureMFAServerAuthentication") matches the name that was displayed in step 3.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-179">Ensure that the *-Name* parameter listed in the script (either “WindowsAzureMultiFactorAuthentication” or "AzureMFAServerAuthentication") matches the name that was displayed in step 3.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-180">This applies to all servers in the same AD FS cluster since there is a central configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-180">This applies to all servers in the same AD FS cluster since there is a central configuration.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-181">Register the new AD FS adapter by running the Register-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1 PowerShell script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-181">Register the new AD FS adapter by running the Register-MultiFactorAuthenticationAdfsAdapter.ps1 PowerShell script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-182">This applies to all servers in the same AD FS cluster since there is a central configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-182">This applies to all servers in the same AD FS cluster since there is a central configuration.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-183">Restart the AD FS service on each server removed from the AD FS farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-183">Restart the AD FS service on each server removed from the AD FS farm.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-184">Add the updated servers back to the AD FS farm and remove the other servers from the farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-184">Add the updated servers back to the AD FS farm and remove the other servers from the farm.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-185">Go to **AD FS** > **Authentication Policies** > **Edit Global MultiFactor Authentication Policy**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-185">Go to **AD FS** > **Authentication Policies** > **Edit Global MultiFactor Authentication Policy**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-186">Check **AzureMfaServerAuthentication**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-186">Check **AzureMfaServerAuthentication**.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-187">Repeat step 2 to update the servers now removed from the AD FS farm and restart the AD FS service on those servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-187">Repeat step 2 to update the servers now removed from the AD FS farm and restart the AD FS service on those servers.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-188">Add those servers back into the AD FS farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-188">Add those servers back into the AD FS farm.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-189">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-189">Next steps</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-190">Get examples of [Advanced scenarios with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and third-party VPNs](multi-factor-authentication-advanced-vpn-configurations.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-190">Get examples of [Advanced scenarios with Azure Multi-Factor Authentication and third-party VPNs](multi-factor-authentication-advanced-vpn-configurations.md)</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-191">Synchronize MFA Server with Windows Server Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-191">Synchronize MFA Server with Windows Server Active Directory</span></span>](multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server-dirint.md)

- <span data-ttu-id="ec9ce-192">[Configure Windows Authentication](multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server-windows.md) for your applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ec9ce-192">[Configure Windows Authentication](multi-factor-authentication-get-started-server-windows.md) for your applications</span></span>
