---
title: Azure Key Vault Overview | Microsoft Docs
description: Azure Key Vault is a cloud service that works as a secure secrets store.
services: key-vault
author: barclayn
manager: mbaldwin
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: 34af20ee-3fa7-4f28-9d98-6168b1759764
ms.service: key-vault
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: overview
ms.custom: mvc
ms.date: 07/17/2018
ms.author: barclayn
ms.openlocfilehash: b509bf9575c3fdeedd1673d4ffe1395d46e3d919
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44968301"
---
# <a name="what-is-azure-key-vault"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-103">What is Azure Key Vault?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-103">What is Azure Key Vault?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-104">Azure Key Vault helps solve the following problems</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-104">Azure Key Vault helps solve the following problems</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-105">Azure Key Vault can be used to Securely store and tightly control access to tokens, passwords, certificates, API keys, and other secrets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-105">Azure Key Vault can be used to Securely store and tightly control access to tokens, passwords, certificates, API keys, and other secrets</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-106">Azure Key Vault can also be used as a Key Management solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-106">Azure Key Vault can also be used as a Key Management solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-107">Azure Key Vault makes it easy to create and control the encryption keys used to encrypt your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-107">Azure Key Vault makes it easy to create and control the encryption keys used to encrypt your data.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-108">Azure Key Vault is also a service that lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy public and private Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) certificates for use with Azure and your internal connected resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-108">Azure Key Vault is also a service that lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy public and private Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) certificates for use with Azure and your internal connected resources.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-109">The secrets and keys can be protected either by software or FIPS 140-2 Level 2 validates HSMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-109">The secrets and keys can be protected either by software or FIPS 140-2 Level 2 validates HSMs</span></span>

## <a name="why-use-azure-key-vault"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-110">Why use Azure Key Vault?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-110">Why use Azure Key Vault?</span></span>

### <a name="centralize-application-secrets"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-111">Centralize application secrets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-111">Centralize application secrets</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-112">Centralizing storage of application secrets in Azure Key Vault allows you to control their distribution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-112">Centralizing storage of application secrets in Azure Key Vault allows you to control their distribution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-113">Key Vault greatly reduces the chances that secrets may be accidentally leaked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-113">Key Vault greatly reduces the chances that secrets may be accidentally leaked.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-114">When using Key Vault, application developers no longer need to store security information in their application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-114">When using Key Vault, application developers no longer need to store security information in their application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-115">This eliminates the need to make this information part of the code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-115">This eliminates the need to make this information part of the code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-116">For example, an application may need to connect to a database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-116">For example, an application may need to connect to a database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-117">Instead of storing the connection string in the app codes, store it securely in Key Vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-117">Instead of storing the connection string in the app codes, store it securely in Key Vault.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-118">Your applications can securely access the information they need by using URIs that allow them to retrieve specific versions of a secret after the application’s key or secret is stored in Azure Key Vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-118">Your applications can securely access the information they need by using URIs that allow them to retrieve specific versions of a secret after the application’s key or secret is stored in Azure Key Vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-119">This happens without having to write custom code to protect any of the secret information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-119">This happens without having to write custom code to protect any of the secret information.</span></span>

### <a name="securely-store-secrets-and-keys"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-120">Securely store secrets and keys</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-120">Securely store secrets and keys</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-121">Secrets and keys are safeguarded by Azure, using industry-standard algorithms, key lengths, and hardware security modules (HSMs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-121">Secrets and keys are safeguarded by Azure, using industry-standard algorithms, key lengths, and hardware security modules (HSMs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-122">The HSMs used are Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) 140-2 Level 2 validated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-122">The HSMs used are Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) 140-2 Level 2 validated.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-123">Access to a key vault requires proper authentication and authorization before a caller (user or application) can get access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-123">Access to a key vault requires proper authentication and authorization before a caller (user or application) can get access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-124">Authentication establishes the identity of the caller, while authorization determines the operations that they are allowed to perform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-124">Authentication establishes the identity of the caller, while authorization determines the operations that they are allowed to perform.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-125">Authentication is done via Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-125">Authentication is done via Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-126">Authorization may be done via role-based access control (RBAC) or Key Vault access policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-126">Authorization may be done via role-based access control (RBAC) or Key Vault access policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-127">RBAC is used when dealing with the management of the vaults and key vault access policy is used when attempting to access data stored in a vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-127">RBAC is used when dealing with the management of the vaults and key vault access policy is used when attempting to access data stored in a vault.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-128">Azure Key Vaults may be either software- or hardware-HSM protected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-128">Azure Key Vaults may be either software- or hardware-HSM protected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-129">For situations where you require added assurance you can import or generate keys in hardware security modules (HSMs) that never leave the HSM boundary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-129">For situations where you require added assurance you can import or generate keys in hardware security modules (HSMs) that never leave the HSM boundary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-130">Microsoft uses Thales hardware security modules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-130">Microsoft uses Thales hardware security modules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-131">You can use Thales tools to move a key from your HSM to Azure Key Vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-131">You can use Thales tools to move a key from your HSM to Azure Key Vault.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-132">Finally, Azure Key Vault is designed so that Microsoft does not see or extract your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-132">Finally, Azure Key Vault is designed so that Microsoft does not see or extract your data.</span></span>

### <a name="monitor-access-and-use"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-133">Monitor access and use</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-133">Monitor access and use</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-134">Once you have created a couple of Key Vaults, you will want to monitor how and when your keys and secrets are being accessed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-134">Once you have created a couple of Key Vaults, you will want to monitor how and when your keys and secrets are being accessed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-135">You can do this by enabling logging for Key Vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-135">You can do this by enabling logging for Key Vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-136">You can configure Azure Key Vault to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-136">You can configure Azure Key Vault to:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-137">Archive to a storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-137">Archive to a storage account.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-138">Stream to an event hub.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-138">Stream to an event hub.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-139">Send the logs to Log Analytics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-139">Send the logs to Log Analytics.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-140">You have control over your logs and you may secure them by restricting access and you may also delete logs that you no longer need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-140">You have control over your logs and you may secure them by restricting access and you may also delete logs that you no longer need.</span></span>

### <a name="simplified-administration-of-application-secrets"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-141">Simplified administration of application secrets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-141">Simplified administration of application secrets</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-142">When storing valuable data, you must take several steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-142">When storing valuable data, you must take several steps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-143">Security information must be secured, it must follow a lifecycle, it must be highly available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-143">Security information must be secured, it must follow a lifecycle, it must be highly available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-144">Azure Key Vault simplifies a lot of this by:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-144">Azure Key Vault simplifies a lot of this by:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-145">Removing the need for in-house knowledge of Hardware Security Modules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-145">Removing the need for in-house knowledge of Hardware Security Modules</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-146">Scaling up on short notice to meet your organization’s usage spikes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-146">Scaling up on short notice to meet your organization’s usage spikes.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-147">Replicating the contents of your Key Vault within a region and to a secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-147">Replicating the contents of your Key Vault within a region and to a secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-148">Key Vault ensures high availability and takes away the need of any action from the administrator to trigger the failover.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-148">Key Vault ensures high availability and takes away the need of any action from the administrator to trigger the failover.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-149">Providing standards Azure administration options via the portal, Azure CLI and PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-149">Providing standards Azure administration options via the portal, Azure CLI and PowerShell.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-150">Automating certain tasks on certificates that you purchase from Public CAs, such as enroll and renew.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-150">Automating certain tasks on certificates that you purchase from Public CAs, such as enroll and renew.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-151">In addition, Azure Key Vaults allow you to segregate application secrets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-151">In addition, Azure Key Vaults allow you to segregate application secrets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-152">Applications may access only the vault that they are allowed to access, and they be limited to only perform specific operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-152">Applications may access only the vault that they are allowed to access, and they be limited to only perform specific operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-153">You can create an Azure Key Vault per application and restrict the secrets stored in a Key Vault to a specific application and team of developers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-153">You can create an Azure Key Vault per application and restrict the secrets stored in a Key Vault to a specific application and team of developers.</span></span>

### <a name="integrate-with-other-azure-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-154">Integrate with other Azure services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-154">Integrate with other Azure services</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-155">As a secure store in Azure, Key Vault has been used to simplify scenarios like [Azure Disk Encryption](../security/azure-security-disk-encryption.md), the [always encrypted]( https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/security/encryption/always-encrypted-database-engine) functionality in SQL server and Azure SQL, [Azure web apps]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/web-sites-purchase-ssl-web-site).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-155">As a secure store in Azure, Key Vault has been used to simplify scenarios like [Azure Disk Encryption](../security/azure-security-disk-encryption.md), the [always encrypted]( https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/security/encryption/always-encrypted-database-engine) functionality in SQL server and Azure SQL, [Azure web apps]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/web-sites-purchase-ssl-web-site).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0df0-156">Key Vault itself can integrate with storage accounts, event hubs, and log analytics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-156">Key Vault itself can integrate with storage accounts, event hubs, and log analytics.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0df0-157">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-157">Next steps</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-158">Quickstart: Create an Azure Key Vault using the CLI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-158">Quickstart: Create an Azure Key Vault using the CLI</span></span>](quick-create-cli.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="f0df0-159">Configure an Azure web application to read a secret from Key vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0df0-159">Configure an Azure web application to read a secret from Key vault</span></span>](tutorial-web-application-keyvault.md)
