---
title: Secure your key vault | Microsoft Docs
description: Manage access permissions for key vault for managing vaults and keys and secrets. Authentication and authorization model for key vault and how to secure your key vault
services: key-vault
documentationcenter: ''
author: amitbapat
manager: mbaldwin
tags: azure-resource-manager
ms.assetid: e5b4e083-4a39-4410-8e3a-2832ad6db405
ms.service: key-vault
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: hero-article
ms.date: 01/07/2017
ms.author: ambapat
ms.openlocfilehash: c344941c59c52d260999c29f448bb94df24fba1d
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551669"
---
# <a name="secure-your-key-vault"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-104">Secure your key vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-104">Secure your key vault</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-105">Azure Key Vault is a cloud service that safeguards encryption keys and secrets (such as certificates, connection strings, passwords) for your cloud applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-105">Azure Key Vault is a cloud service that safeguards encryption keys and secrets (such as certificates, connection strings, passwords) for your cloud applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-106">Since this data is sensitive and business critical, you want to secure access to your key vaults so that only authorized applications and users can access key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-106">Since this data is sensitive and business critical, you want to secure access to your key vaults so that only authorized applications and users can access key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-107">This article provides an overview of key vault access model, explains authentication and authorization, and describes how to secure access to key vault for your cloud applications with an example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-107">This article provides an overview of key vault access model, explains authentication and authorization, and describes how to secure access to key vault for your cloud applications with an example.</span></span>

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-108">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-108">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-109">Access to a key vault is controlled through two separate interfaces: management plane and data plane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-109">Access to a key vault is controlled through two separate interfaces: management plane and data plane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-110">For both planes proper authentication and authorization is required before a caller (a user or an application) can get access to key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-110">For both planes proper authentication and authorization is required before a caller (a user or an application) can get access to key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-111">Authentication establishes the identity of the caller, while authorization determines what operations the caller is allowed to perform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-111">Authentication establishes the identity of the caller, while authorization determines what operations the caller is allowed to perform.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-112">For authentication both management plane and data plane use Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-112">For authentication both management plane and data plane use Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-113">For authorization, management plane uses role-based access control (RBAC) while data plane uses key vault access policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-113">For authorization, management plane uses role-based access control (RBAC) while data plane uses key vault access policy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-114">Here is a brief overview of the topics covered:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-114">Here is a brief overview of the topics covered:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-115">[Authentication using Azure Active Directory](#authentication-using-azure-active-directory) - This section explains how a caller authenticates with Azure Active Directory to access a key vault via management plane and data plane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-115">[Authentication using Azure Active Directory](#authentication-using-azure-active-directory) - This section explains how a caller authenticates with Azure Active Directory to access a key vault via management plane and data plane.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-116">[Management plane and data plane](#management-plane-and-data-plane) - Management plane and data plane are two access planes used for accessing your key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-116">[Management plane and data plane](#management-plane-and-data-plane) - Management plane and data plane are two access planes used for accessing your key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-117">Each access plane supports specific operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-117">Each access plane supports specific operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-118">This section describes the access endpoints, operations supported, and access control method used by each plane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-118">This section describes the access endpoints, operations supported, and access control method used by each plane.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-119">[Management plane access control](#management-plane-access-control) - In this section we'll look at allowing access to management plane operations using role-based access control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-119">[Management plane access control](#management-plane-access-control) - In this section we'll look at allowing access to management plane operations using role-based access control.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-120">[Data plane access control](#data-plane-access-control) - This section describes how to use key vault access policy to control data plane access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-120">[Data plane access control](#data-plane-access-control) - This section describes how to use key vault access policy to control data plane access.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-121">[Example](#example) - This example describes how to setup access control for your key vault to allow three different teams (security team, developers/operators, and auditors) to perform specific tasks to develop, manage and monitor an application in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-121">[Example](#example) - This example describes how to setup access control for your key vault to allow three different teams (security team, developers/operators, and auditors) to perform specific tasks to develop, manage and monitor an application in Azure.</span></span>

## <a name="authentication-using-azure-active-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-122">Authentication using Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-122">Authentication using Azure Active Directory</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-123">When you create a key vault in an Azure subscription, it is automatically associated with the subscription's Azure Active Directory tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-123">When you create a key vault in an Azure subscription, it is automatically associated with the subscription's Azure Active Directory tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-124">All callers (users and applications) must be registered in this tenant to access this key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-124">All callers (users and applications) must be registered in this tenant to access this key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-125">An application or a user must authenticate with Azure Active Directory to access key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-125">An application or a user must authenticate with Azure Active Directory to access key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-126">This applies to both management plane and data plane access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-126">This applies to both management plane and data plane access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-127">In both cases, an application can access key vault in two ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-127">In both cases, an application can access key vault in two ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-128">**user+app access** - usually this is for applications that access key vault on behalf of a signed-in user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-128">**user+app access** - usually this is for applications that access key vault on behalf of a signed-in user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-129">Azure PowerShell, Azure Portal are examples of this type of access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-129">Azure PowerShell, Azure Portal are examples of this type of access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-130">There are two ways to grant access to users: one way is to grant access to users so they can access key vault from any application and the other way is to grant a user access to key vault only when they use a specific application (referred to as compound identity).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-130">There are two ways to grant access to users: one way is to grant access to users so they can access key vault from any application and the other way is to grant a user access to key vault only when they use a specific application (referred to as compound identity).</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-131">**app-only access** - for applications that run daemon services, background jobs etc. The application's identity is granted access to the key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-131">**app-only access** - for applications that run daemon services, background jobs etc. The application's identity is granted access to the key vault.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-132">In both types of applications, the application authenticates with Azure Active Directory using any of the [supported authentication methods](../active-directory/active-directory-authentication-scenarios.md) and acquires a token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-132">In both types of applications, the application authenticates with Azure Active Directory using any of the [supported authentication methods](../active-directory/active-directory-authentication-scenarios.md) and acquires a token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-133">Authentication method used depends on the application type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-133">Authentication method used depends on the application type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-134">Then the application uses this token and sends REST API request to key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-134">Then the application uses this token and sends REST API request to key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-135">In case of management plane access the requests are routed through Azure Resource Manager endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-135">In case of management plane access the requests are routed through Azure Resource Manager endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-136">When accessing data plane, the applications talks directly to a key vault endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-136">When accessing data plane, the applications talks directly to a key vault endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-137">See more details on the [whole authentication flow](../active-directory/active-directory-protocols-oauth-code.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-137">See more details on the [whole authentication flow](../active-directory/active-directory-protocols-oauth-code.md).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-138">The resource name for which the application requests a token is different depending on whether the application is accessing management plane or data plane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-138">The resource name for which the application requests a token is different depending on whether the application is accessing management plane or data plane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-139">Hence the resource name is either management plane or data plane endpoint described in the table in a later section, depending on the Azure environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-139">Hence the resource name is either management plane or data plane endpoint described in the table in a later section, depending on the Azure environment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-140">Having one single mechanism for authentication to both management and data plane has its own benefits:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-140">Having one single mechanism for authentication to both management and data plane has its own benefits:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-141">Organizations can centrally control access to all key vaults in their organization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-141">Organizations can centrally control access to all key vaults in their organization</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-142">If a user leaves, they instantly lose access to all key vaults in the organization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-142">If a user leaves, they instantly lose access to all key vaults in the organization</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-143">Organizations can customize authentication via the options in Azure Active Directory (for example, enabling multi-factor authentication for added security)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-143">Organizations can customize authentication via the options in Azure Active Directory (for example, enabling multi-factor authentication for added security)</span></span>

## <a name="management-plane-and-data-plane"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-144">Management plane and data plane</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-144">Management plane and data plane</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-145">Azure Key Vault is an Azure service available via Azure Resource Manager deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-145">Azure Key Vault is an Azure service available via Azure Resource Manager deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-146">When you create a key vault, you get a virtual container inside which you can create other objects like keys, secrets, and certificates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-146">When you create a key vault, you get a virtual container inside which you can create other objects like keys, secrets, and certificates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-147">Then you access your key vault using management plane and data plane to perform specific operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-147">Then you access your key vault using management plane and data plane to perform specific operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-148">Management plane interface is used to manage your key vault itself, such as creating, deleting, updating key vault attributes and setting access policies for data plane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-148">Management plane interface is used to manage your key vault itself, such as creating, deleting, updating key vault attributes and setting access policies for data plane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-149">Data plane interface is used to add, delete, modify, and use the keys, secrets, and certificates stored in your key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-149">Data plane interface is used to add, delete, modify, and use the keys, secrets, and certificates stored in your key vault.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-150">The management plane and data plane interfaces are accessed through different endpoints (see table).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-150">The management plane and data plane interfaces are accessed through different endpoints (see table).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-151">The second column in the table describes the DNS names for these endpoints in different Azure environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-151">The second column in the table describes the DNS names for these endpoints in different Azure environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-152">The third column describes the operations you can perform from each access plane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-152">The third column describes the operations you can perform from each access plane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-153">Each access plane also has its own access control mechanism: for management plane access control is set using Azure Resource Manager Role-Based Access Control (RBAC), while for data plane access control is set using key vault access policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-153">Each access plane also has its own access control mechanism: for management plane access control is set using Azure Resource Manager Role-Based Access Control (RBAC), while for data plane access control is set using key vault access policy.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-154">Access plane</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-154">Access plane</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-155">Access endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-155">Access endpoints</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-156">Operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-156">Operations</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-157">Access control mechanism</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-157">Access control mechanism</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-158">Management plane</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-158">Management plane</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-159">**Global:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-159">**Global:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-160">management.azure.com:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-160">management.azure.com:443</span></span><br><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-161">**Azure China:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-161">**Azure China:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-162">management.chinacloudapi.cn:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-162">management.chinacloudapi.cn:443</span></span><br><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-163">**Azure US Government:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-163">**Azure US Government:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-164">management.usgovcloudapi.net:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-164">management.usgovcloudapi.net:443</span></span><br><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-165">**Azure Germany:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-165">**Azure Germany:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-166">management.microsoftazure.de:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-166">management.microsoftazure.de:443</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-167">Create/Read/Update/Delete key vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-167">Create/Read/Update/Delete key vault</span></span> <br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-168">Set access policies for key vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-168">Set access policies for key vault</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-169">Set tags for key vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-169">Set tags for key vault</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-170">Azure Resource Manager Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-170">Azure Resource Manager Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-171">Data plane</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-171">Data plane</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-172">**Global:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-172">**Global:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-173">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.azure.net:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-173">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.azure.net:443</span></span><br><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-174">**Azure China:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-174">**Azure China:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-175">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.azure.cn:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-175">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.azure.cn:443</span></span><br><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-176">**Azure US Government:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-176">**Azure US Government:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-177">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.usgovcloudapi.net:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-177">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.usgovcloudapi.net:443</span></span><br><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-178">**Azure Germany:**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-178">**Azure Germany:**</span></span><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-179">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.microsoftazure.de:443</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-179">&lt;vault-name&gt;.vault.microsoftazure.de:443</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-180">For Keys: Decrypt, Encrypt, UnwrapKey, WrapKey, Verify, Sign, Get, List, Update, Create, Import, Delete, Backup, Restore</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-180">For Keys: Decrypt, Encrypt, UnwrapKey, WrapKey, Verify, Sign, Get, List, Update, Create, Import, Delete, Backup, Restore</span></span><br><br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-181">For secrets: Get, List, Set, Delete</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-181">For secrets: Get, List, Set, Delete</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-182">Key vault access policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-182">Key vault access policy</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-183">The management plane and data plane access controls work independently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-183">The management plane and data plane access controls work independently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-184">For example, if you want to grant an application access to use keys in a key vault, you only need to grant data plane access permissions using key vault access policies and no management plane access is needed for this application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-184">For example, if you want to grant an application access to use keys in a key vault, you only need to grant data plane access permissions using key vault access policies and no management plane access is needed for this application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-185">And conversely, if you want a user to be able to read vault properties and tags, but not have any access to keys, secrets, or certificates, you can grant this user, 'read' access using RBAC and no access to data plane is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-185">And conversely, if you want a user to be able to read vault properties and tags, but not have any access to keys, secrets, or certificates, you can grant this user, 'read' access using RBAC and no access to data plane is required.</span></span>

## <a name="management-plane-access-control"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-186">Management plane access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-186">Management plane access control</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-187">The management plane consists of operations that affect the key vault itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-187">The management plane consists of operations that affect the key vault itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-188">For example, you can create or delete a key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-188">For example, you can create or delete a key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-189">You can get a list of vaults in a subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-189">You can get a list of vaults in a subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-190">You can retrieve key vault properties (such as SKU, tags) and set key vault access policies that control the users and applications that can access keys and secrets in the key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-190">You can retrieve key vault properties (such as SKU, tags) and set key vault access policies that control the users and applications that can access keys and secrets in the key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-191">Management plane access control uses RBAC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-191">Management plane access control uses RBAC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-192">See the complete list of key vault operations that can be performed via management plane in the table in preceding section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-192">See the complete list of key vault operations that can be performed via management plane in the table in preceding section.</span></span> 

### <a name="role-based-access-control-rbac"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-193">Role-based Access Control (RBAC)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-193">Role-based Access Control (RBAC)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-194">Each Azure subscription has an Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-194">Each Azure subscription has an Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-195">Users, groups, and applications from this directory can be granted access to manage resources in the Azure subscription that use the Azure Resource Manager deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-195">Users, groups, and applications from this directory can be granted access to manage resources in the Azure subscription that use the Azure Resource Manager deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-196">This type of access control is referred to as Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-196">This type of access control is referred to as Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-197">To manage this access, you can use the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), the [Azure CLI tools](../cli-install-nodejs.md), [PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs), or the [Azure Resource Manager REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn906885.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-197">To manage this access, you can use the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), the [Azure CLI tools](../cli-install-nodejs.md), [PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs), or the [Azure Resource Manager REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn906885.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-198">With the Azure Resource Manager model, you create your key vault in a resource group and control access to the management plane of this key vault by using Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-198">With the Azure Resource Manager model, you create your key vault in a resource group and control access to the management plane of this key vault by using Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-199">For example, you can grant users or a group ability to manage key vaults in a specific resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-199">For example, you can grant users or a group ability to manage key vaults in a specific resource group.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-200">You can grant access to users, groups and applications at a specific scope by assigning appropriate RBAC roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-200">You can grant access to users, groups and applications at a specific scope by assigning appropriate RBAC roles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-201">For example, to grant access to a user to manage key vaults you would assign a predefined role 'key vault Contributor' to this user at a specific scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-201">For example, to grant access to a user to manage key vaults you would assign a predefined role 'key vault Contributor' to this user at a specific scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-202">The scope in this case would be either a subscription, a resource group, or just a specific key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-202">The scope in this case would be either a subscription, a resource group, or just a specific key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-203">A role assigned at subscription level applies to all resource groups and resources within that subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-203">A role assigned at subscription level applies to all resource groups and resources within that subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-204">A role assigned at resource group level applies to all resources in that resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-204">A role assigned at resource group level applies to all resources in that resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-205">A role assigned for a specific resource only applies to that resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-205">A role assigned for a specific resource only applies to that resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-206">There are several predefined roles (see [RBAC: Built-in roles](../active-directory/role-based-access-built-in-roles.md)), and if the predefined roles do not fit your needs you can also define your own roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-206">There are several predefined roles (see [RBAC: Built-in roles](../active-directory/role-based-access-built-in-roles.md)), and if the predefined roles do not fit your needs you can also define your own roles.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-207">Note that if a user has Contributor permissions (RBAC) to a key vault management plane, she can grant herself access to data plane, by setting key vault access policy, which controls access to data plane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-207">Note that if a user has Contributor permissions (RBAC) to a key vault management plane, she can grant herself access to data plane, by setting key vault access policy, which controls access to data plane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-208">Therefore, it is recommended to tightly control who has 'Contributor' access to your key vaults to ensure only authorized persons can access and manage your key vaults, keys, secrets, and certificates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-208">Therefore, it is recommended to tightly control who has 'Contributor' access to your key vaults to ensure only authorized persons can access and manage your key vaults, keys, secrets, and certificates.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="data-plane-access-control"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-209">Data plane access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-209">Data plane access control</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-210">The key vault data plane consists of operations that affect the objects in a key vault, such as keys, secrets, and certificates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-210">The key vault data plane consists of operations that affect the objects in a key vault, such as keys, secrets, and certificates.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-211">This includes key operations such as create, import, update, list, backup, and restore keys, cryptographic operations such as sign, verify, encrypt, decrypt, wrap, and unwrap, and set tags and other attributes for keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-211">This includes key operations such as create, import, update, list, backup, and restore keys, cryptographic operations such as sign, verify, encrypt, decrypt, wrap, and unwrap, and set tags and other attributes for keys.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-212">Similarly, for secrets it includes, get, set, list, delete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-212">Similarly, for secrets it includes, get, set, list, delete.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-213">Data plane access is granted by setting access policies for a key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-213">Data plane access is granted by setting access policies for a key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-214">A user, group, or an application must have Contributor permissions (RBAC) for management plane for a key vault to be able to set access policies for that key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-214">A user, group, or an application must have Contributor permissions (RBAC) for management plane for a key vault to be able to set access policies for that key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-215">A user, group, or application can be granted access to perform specific operations for keys or secrets in a key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-215">A user, group, or application can be granted access to perform specific operations for keys or secrets in a key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-216">Key vault support up to 16 access policy entries for a key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-216">Key vault support up to 16 access policy entries for a key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-217">Create an Azure Active Directory security group and add users to that group to grant data plane access to several users to a key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-217">Create an Azure Active Directory security group and add users to that group to grant data plane access to several users to a key vault.</span></span>

### <a name="key-vault-access-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-218">Key vault Access Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-218">Key vault Access Policies</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-219">Key vault access policies grant permissions to keys, secrets and certificates separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-219">Key vault access policies grant permissions to keys, secrets and certificates separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-220">For example, you can give a user access to only keys, but no permissions for secrets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-220">For example, you can give a user access to only keys, but no permissions for secrets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-221">However, permissions to access keys or secrets or certificates are at the vault level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-221">However, permissions to access keys or secrets or certificates are at the vault level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-222">In other words, key vault access policy does not support object level permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-222">In other words, key vault access policy does not support object level permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-223">You can use [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), the [Azure CLI tools](../cli-install-nodejs.md), [PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs), or the [key vault Management REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt620024.aspx) to set access policies for a key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-223">You can use [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), the [Azure CLI tools](../cli-install-nodejs.md), [PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs), or the [key vault Management REST APIs](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt620024.aspx) to set access policies for a key vault.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-224">Note that key vault access policies apply at the vault level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-224">Note that key vault access policies apply at the vault level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-225">For example, when a user is granted permission to create and delete keys, she can perform those operations on all keys in that key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-225">For example, when a user is granted permission to create and delete keys, she can perform those operations on all keys in that key vault.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="example"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-226">Example</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-226">Example</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-227">Let's say you are developing an application that uses a certificate for SSL, Azure storage for storing data, and uses an RSA 2048-bit key for sign operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-227">Let's say you are developing an application that uses a certificate for SSL, Azure storage for storing data, and uses an RSA 2048-bit key for sign operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-228">Let's say this application is running in a VM (or a VM Scale Set).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-228">Let's say this application is running in a VM (or a VM Scale Set).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-229">You can use a key vault to store all the application secrets, and use key vault to store the bootstrap certificate that is used by the application to authenticate with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-229">You can use a key vault to store all the application secrets, and use key vault to store the bootstrap certificate that is used by the application to authenticate with Azure Active Directory.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-230">So, here's a summary of all the keys and secrets to be stored in a key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-230">So, here's a summary of all the keys and secrets to be stored in a key vault.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-231">**SSL Cert** - used for SSL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-231">**SSL Cert** - used for SSL</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-232">**Storage Key** - used to get access to Storage account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-232">**Storage Key** - used to get access to Storage account</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-233">**RSA 2048-bit key** - used for sign operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-233">**RSA 2048-bit key** - used for sign operations</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-234">**Bootstrap certificate** - used to authenticate to Azure Active Directory, to get access to key vault to fetch the storage key and use the RSA key for signing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-234">**Bootstrap certificate** - used to authenticate to Azure Active Directory, to get access to key vault to fetch the storage key and use the RSA key for signing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-235">Now let's meet the people who are managing, deploying and auditing this application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-235">Now let's meet the people who are managing, deploying and auditing this application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-236">We'll use three roles in this example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-236">We'll use three roles in this example.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-237">**Security team** - These are typically IT staff from the 'office of the CSO (Chief Security Officer)' or equivalent, responsible for the proper safekeeping of secrets such as SSL certificates, RSA keys used for signing, connection strings for databases, storage account keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-237">**Security team** - These are typically IT staff from the 'office of the CSO (Chief Security Officer)' or equivalent, responsible for the proper safekeeping of secrets such as SSL certificates, RSA keys used for signing, connection strings for databases, storage account keys.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-238">**Developers/operators** - These are the folks who develop this application and then deploy it in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-238">**Developers/operators** - These are the folks who develop this application and then deploy it in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-239">Typically, they are not part of the security team, and hence they should not have access to any sensitive data, such as SSL certificates, RSA keys, but the application they deploy should have access to those.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-239">Typically, they are not part of the security team, and hence they should not have access to any sensitive data, such as SSL certificates, RSA keys, but the application they deploy should have access to those.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-240">**Auditors** - This is usually a different set of people, isolated from the developers and general IT staff.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-240">**Auditors** - This is usually a different set of people, isolated from the developers and general IT staff.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-241">Their responsibility is to review proper use and maintenance of certificates, keys, etc. and ensure compliance with data security standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-241">Their responsibility is to review proper use and maintenance of certificates, keys, etc. and ensure compliance with data security standards.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-242">There is one more role that is outside the scope of this application, but relevant here to be mentioned, and that would be the subscription (or resource group) administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-242">There is one more role that is outside the scope of this application, but relevant here to be mentioned, and that would be the subscription (or resource group) administrator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-243">Subscription administrator sets up initial access permissions for the security team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-243">Subscription administrator sets up initial access permissions for the security team.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-244">Here we assume that the subscription administrator has granted access to the security team to a resource group in which all the resources needed for this application reside.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-244">Here we assume that the subscription administrator has granted access to the security team to a resource group in which all the resources needed for this application reside.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-245">Now let's see what actions each role performs in the context of this application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-245">Now let's see what actions each role performs in the context of this application.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-246">**Security team**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-246">**Security team**</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-247">Create key vaults</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-247">Create key vaults</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-248">Turns on key vault logging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-248">Turns on key vault logging</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-249">Add keys/secrets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-249">Add keys/secrets</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-250">Create backup of keys for disaster recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-250">Create backup of keys for disaster recovery</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-251">Set key vault access policy to grant permissions to users and applications to perform specific operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-251">Set key vault access policy to grant permissions to users and applications to perform specific operations</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-252">Periodically roll keys/secrets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-252">Periodically roll keys/secrets</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-253">**Developers/operators**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-253">**Developers/operators**</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-254">Get references to bootstrap and SSL certs (thumbprints), storage key (secret URI) and signing key (Key URI) from security team</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-254">Get references to bootstrap and SSL certs (thumbprints), storage key (secret URI) and signing key (Key URI) from security team</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-255">Develop and deploy application that accesses keys and secrets programmatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-255">Develop and deploy application that accesses keys and secrets programmatically</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-256">**Auditors**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-256">**Auditors**</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-257">Review usage logs to confirm proper key/secret use and compliance with data security standards</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-257">Review usage logs to confirm proper key/secret use and compliance with data security standards</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-258">Now let's see what access permissions to key vault are needed by each role (and the application) to perform their assigned tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-258">Now let's see what access permissions to key vault are needed by each role (and the application) to perform their assigned tasks.</span></span> 

| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-259">User Role</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-259">User Role</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-260">Management plane permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-260">Management plane permissions</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-261">Data plane permissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-261">Data plane permissions</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-262">Security Team</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-262">Security Team</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-263">key vault Contributor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-263">key vault Contributor</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-264">Keys: backup, create, delete, get, import, list, restore</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-264">Keys: backup, create, delete, get, import, list, restore</span></span> <br> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-265">Secrets: all</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-265">Secrets: all</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-266">Developers/Operator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-266">Developers/Operator</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-267">key vault deploy permission so that the VMs they deploy can fetch secrets from the key vault</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-267">key vault deploy permission so that the VMs they deploy can fetch secrets from the key vault</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-268">None</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-268">None</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-269">Auditors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-269">Auditors</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-270">None</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-270">None</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-271">Keys: list</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-271">Keys: list</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-272">Secrets: list</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-272">Secrets: list</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-273">Application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-273">Application</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-274">None</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-274">None</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-275">Keys: sign</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-275">Keys: sign</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-276">Secrets: get</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-276">Secrets: get</span></span> |

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-277">Auditors need list permission for keys and secrets so they can inspect attributes for keys and secrets that are not emitted in the logs, such as tags, activation and expiration dates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-277">Auditors need list permission for keys and secrets so they can inspect attributes for keys and secrets that are not emitted in the logs, such as tags, activation and expiration dates.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-278">Besides permission to key vault, all three roles also need access to other resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-278">Besides permission to key vault, all three roles also need access to other resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-279">For example, to be able to deploy VMs (or Web Apps etc.) Developers/Operators also need 'Contributor' access to those resource types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-279">For example, to be able to deploy VMs (or Web Apps etc.) Developers/Operators also need 'Contributor' access to those resource types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-280">Auditors need read access to the storage account where the key vault logs are stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-280">Auditors need read access to the storage account where the key vault logs are stored.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-281">Since the focus of this article is securing access to your key vault, we only illustrate the relevant portions pertaining to this topic and skip details regarding deploying certificates, accessing keys and secrets programmatically etc. Those details are already covered elsewhere.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-281">Since the focus of this article is securing access to your key vault, we only illustrate the relevant portions pertaining to this topic and skip details regarding deploying certificates, accessing keys and secrets programmatically etc. Those details are already covered elsewhere.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-282">Deploying certificates stored in key vault to VMs is covered in a [blog post](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/kv/2016/09/14/updated-deploy-certificates-to-vms-from-customer-managed-key-vault/), and there is [sample code](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=45343) available that illustrates how to use bootstrap certificate to authenticate to Azure AD to get access to key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-282">Deploying certificates stored in key vault to VMs is covered in a [blog post](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/kv/2016/09/14/updated-deploy-certificates-to-vms-from-customer-managed-key-vault/), and there is [sample code](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=45343) available that illustrates how to use bootstrap certificate to authenticate to Azure AD to get access to key vault.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-283">Most of the access permissions can be granted using Azure portal, but to grant granular permissions you may need to use Azure PowerShell (or Azure CLI) to achieve the desired result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-283">Most of the access permissions can be granted using Azure portal, but to grant granular permissions you may need to use Azure PowerShell (or Azure CLI) to achieve the desired result.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-284">The following PowerShell snippets assume:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-284">The following PowerShell snippets assume:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-285">The Azure Active Directory administrator has created security groups that represent the three roles, namely Contoso Security Team, Contoso App Devops, Contoso App Auditors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-285">The Azure Active Directory administrator has created security groups that represent the three roles, namely Contoso Security Team, Contoso App Devops, Contoso App Auditors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-286">The administrator has also added users to the groups they belong.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-286">The administrator has also added users to the groups they belong.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-287">**ContosoAppRG** is the resource group where all the resources reside.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-287">**ContosoAppRG** is the resource group where all the resources reside.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-288">**contosologstorage** is where the logs are stored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-288">**contosologstorage** is where the logs are stored.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-289">Key vault **ContosoKeyVault** and storage account used for key vault logs **contosologstorage** must be in the same Azure location</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-289">Key vault **ContosoKeyVault** and storage account used for key vault logs **contosologstorage** must be in the same Azure location</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-290">First the subscription administrator assigns 'key vault Contributor' and 'User Access Administrator' roles to the security team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-290">First the subscription administrator assigns 'key vault Contributor' and 'User Access Administrator' roles to the security team.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-291">This allows the security team to manage access to other resources and manage key vaults in the resource group ContosoAppRG.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-291">This allows the security team to manage access to other resources and manage key vaults in the resource group ContosoAppRG.</span></span>

```
New-AzureRmRoleAssignment -ObjectId (Get-AzureRmADGroup -SearchString 'Contoso Security Team')[0].Id -RoleDefinitionName "key vault Contributor" -ResourceGroupName ContosoAppRG
New-AzureRmRoleAssignment -ObjectId (Get-AzureRmADGroup -SearchString 'Contoso Security Team')[0].Id -RoleDefinitionName "User Access Administrator" -ResourceGroupName ContosoAppRG
```

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-292">The following script illustrates how the security team can create a key vault, setup logging, and set access permissions for other roles and the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-292">The following script illustrates how the security team can create a key vault, setup logging, and set access permissions for other roles and the application.</span></span> 

```
# Create key vault and enable logging
$sa = Get-AzureRmStorageAccount -ResourceGroup ContosoAppRG -Name contosologstorage
$kv = New-AzureRmKeyVault -VaultName ContosoKeyVault -ResourceGroup ContosoAppRG -SKU premium -Location 'westus' -EnabledForDeployment
Set-AzureRmDiagnosticSetting -ResourceId $kv.ResourceId -StorageAccountId $sa.Id -Enabled $true -Categories AuditEvent

# Data plane permissions for Security team
Set-AzureRmKeyVaultAccessPolicy -VaultName ContosoKeyVault -ObjectId (Get-AzureRmADGroup -SearchString 'Contoso Security Team')[0].Id -PermissionsToKeys backup,create,delete,get,import,list,restore -PermissionsToSecrets all

# Management plane permissions for Dev/ops
# Create a new role from an existing role
$devopsrole = Get-AzureRmRoleDefinition -Name "Virtual Machine Contributor"
$devopsrole.Id = $null
$devopsrole.Name = "Contoso App Devops"
$devopsrole.Description = "Can deploy VMs that need secrets from key vault"
$devopsrole.AssignableScopes = @("/subscriptions/<SUBSCRIPTION-GUID>")

# Add permission for dev/ops so they can deploy VMs that have secrets deployed from key vaults
$devopsrole.Actions.Add("Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/deploy/action")
New-AzureRmRoleDefinition -Role $devopsrole

# Assign this newly defined role to Dev ops security group
New-AzureRmRoleAssignment -ObjectId (Get-AzureRmADGroup -SearchString 'Contoso App Devops')[0].Id -RoleDefinitionName "Contoso App Devops" -ResourceGroupName ContosoAppRG

# Data plane permissions for Auditors
Set-AzureRmKeyVaultAccessPolicy -VaultName ContosoKeyVault -ObjectId (Get-AzureRmADGroup -SearchString 'Contoso App Auditors')[0].Id -PermissionsToKeys list -PermissionsToSecrets list
```

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-293">The custom role defined, is only assignable to the subscription where the ContosoAppRG resource group is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-293">The custom role defined, is only assignable to the subscription where the ContosoAppRG resource group is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-294">If the same custom roles will be used for other projects in other subscriptions, it's scope could have more subscriptions added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-294">If the same custom roles will be used for other projects in other subscriptions, it's scope could have more subscriptions added.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-295">The custom role assignment for the developers/operators for the "deploy/action" permission is scoped to the resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-295">The custom role assignment for the developers/operators for the "deploy/action" permission is scoped to the resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-296">This way only the VMs created in the resource group 'ContosoAppRG' will get the secrets (SSL cert and bootstrap cert).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-296">This way only the VMs created in the resource group 'ContosoAppRG' will get the secrets (SSL cert and bootstrap cert).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-297">Any VMs that a member of dev/ops team creates in other resource group will not be able to get these secrets even if they knew the secret URIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-297">Any VMs that a member of dev/ops team creates in other resource group will not be able to get these secrets even if they knew the secret URIs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-298">This example depicts a simple scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-298">This example depicts a simple scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-299">Real life scenarios may be more complex and you may need to adjust permissions to your key vault based on your needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-299">Real life scenarios may be more complex and you may need to adjust permissions to your key vault based on your needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-300">For example, in our example, we assume that security team will provide the key and secret references (URIs and thumbprints) that developers/operators team need to reference in their applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-300">For example, in our example, we assume that security team will provide the key and secret references (URIs and thumbprints) that developers/operators team need to reference in their applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-301">Hence, they don't need to grant developers/operators any data plane access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-301">Hence, they don't need to grant developers/operators any data plane access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-302">Also, note that this example focuses on securing your key vault.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-302">Also, note that this example focuses on securing your key vault.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-303">Similar consideration should be given to secure [your VMs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/security/), [storage accounts](../storage/storage-security-guide.md) and other Azure resources too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-303">Similar consideration should be given to secure [your VMs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/security/), [storage accounts](../storage/storage-security-guide.md) and other Azure resources too.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-304">Note: This example shows how key vault access will be locked down in production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-304">Note: This example shows how key vault access will be locked down in production.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-305">The developers should have their own subscription or resourcegroup where they have full permissions to manage their vaults, VMs and storage account where they develop the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-305">The developers should have their own subscription or resourcegroup where they have full permissions to manage their vaults, VMs and storage account where they develop the application.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-306">Resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-306">Resources</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-307">Azure Active Directory Role-based Access Control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-307">Azure Active Directory Role-based Access Control</span></span>](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-308">This article explains the Azure Active Directory Role-based Access Control and how it works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-308">This article explains the Azure Active Directory Role-based Access Control and how it works.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-309">RBAC: Built in Roles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-309">RBAC: Built in Roles</span></span>](../active-directory/role-based-access-built-in-roles.md)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-310">This article details all the built-in roles available in RBAC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-310">This article details all the built-in roles available in RBAC.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-311">Understanding Resource Manager deployment and classic deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-311">Understanding Resource Manager deployment and classic deployment</span></span>](../azure-resource-manager/resource-manager-deployment-model.md)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-312">This article explains the Resource Manager deployment and classic deployment models, and explains the benefits of using the Resource Manager and resource groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-312">This article explains the Resource Manager deployment and classic deployment models, and explains the benefits of using the Resource Manager and resource groups</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-313">Manage Role-Based Access Control with Azure PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-313">Manage Role-Based Access Control with Azure PowerShell</span></span>](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-manage-access-powershell.md)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-314">This article explains how to manage role-based access control with Azure PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-314">This article explains how to manage role-based access control with Azure PowerShell</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-315">Managing Role-Based Access Control with the REST API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-315">Managing Role-Based Access Control with the REST API</span></span>](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-manage-access-rest.md)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-316">This article shows how to use the REST API to manage RBAC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-316">This article shows how to use the REST API to manage RBAC.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-317">Role-Based Access Control for Microsoft Azure from Ignite</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-317">Role-Based Access Control for Microsoft Azure from Ignite</span></span>](https://channel9.msdn.com/events/Ignite/2015/BRK2707)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-318">This is a link to a video on Channel 9 from the 2015 MS Ignite conference.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-318">This is a link to a video on Channel 9 from the 2015 MS Ignite conference.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-319">In this session, they talk about access management and reporting capabilities in Azure, and explore best practices around securing access to Azure subscriptions using Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-319">In this session, they talk about access management and reporting capabilities in Azure, and explore best practices around securing access to Azure subscriptions using Azure Active Directory.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-320">Authorize access to web applications using OAuth 2.0 and Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-320">Authorize access to web applications using OAuth 2.0 and Azure Active Directory</span></span>](../active-directory/active-directory-protocols-oauth-code.md)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-321">This article describes complete OAuth 2.0 flow for authenticating with Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-321">This article describes complete OAuth 2.0 flow for authenticating with Azure Active Directory.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-322">key vault Management REST APIs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-322">key vault Management REST APIs</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt620024.aspx)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-323">This document is the reference for the REST APIs to manage your key vault programmatically, including setting key vault access policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-323">This document is the reference for the REST APIs to manage your key vault programmatically, including setting key vault access policy.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-324">key vault REST APIs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-324">key vault REST APIs</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn903609.aspx)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-325">Link to key vault REST API reference documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-325">Link to key vault REST API reference documentation.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-326">Key access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-326">Key access control</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn903623.aspx#BKMK_KeyAccessControl)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-327">Link to Secret access control reference documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-327">Link to Secret access control reference documentation.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-328">Secret access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-328">Secret access control</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn903623.aspx#BKMK_SecretAccessControl)
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-329">Link to Key access control reference documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-329">Link to Key access control reference documentation.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-330">[Set](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt603625.aspx) and [Remove](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt619427.aspx) key vault access policy using PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-330">[Set](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt603625.aspx) and [Remove](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt619427.aspx) key vault access policy using PowerShell</span></span>
  
  <span data-ttu-id="2d79a-331">Links to reference documentation for PowerShell cmdlets to manage key vault access policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-331">Links to reference documentation for PowerShell cmdlets to manage key vault access policy.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="2d79a-332">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-332">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-333">For a getting started tutorial for an administrator, see [Get Started with Azure key vault](key-vault-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-333">For a getting started tutorial for an administrator, see [Get Started with Azure key vault](key-vault-get-started.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-334">For more information about usage logging for key vault, see [Azure key vault Logging](key-vault-logging.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-334">For more information about usage logging for key vault, see [Azure key vault Logging](key-vault-logging.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-335">For more information about using keys and secrets with Azure key vault, see [About Keys and Secrets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn903623.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-335">For more information about using keys and secrets with Azure key vault, see [About Keys and Secrets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn903623.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2d79a-336">If you have questions about key vault, visit the [Azure key vault Forums](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/forums/azure/home?forum=AzureKeyVault)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2d79a-336">If you have questions about key vault, visit the [Azure key vault Forums](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/forums/azure/home?forum=AzureKeyVault)</span></span>

