---
title: Service Bus asynchronous messaging | Microsoft Docs
description: Description of Azure Service Bus asynchronous messaging.
services: service-bus-messaging
documentationcenter: na
author: spelluru
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: f1435549-e1f2-40cb-a280-64ea07b39fc7
ms.service: service-bus-messaging
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 01/30/2018
ms.author: spelluru
ms.openlocfilehash: 8b345656c9cb4cabd86581ccd04f74311fe0ce04
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44809392"
---
# <a name="asynchronous-messaging-patterns-and-high-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-103">Asynchronous messaging patterns and high availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-103">Asynchronous messaging patterns and high availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-104">Asynchronous messaging can be implemented in a variety of different ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-104">Asynchronous messaging can be implemented in a variety of different ways.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-105">With queues, topics, and subscriptions, Azure Service Bus supports asynchronism via a store and forward mechanism.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-105">With queues, topics, and subscriptions, Azure Service Bus supports asynchronism via a store and forward mechanism.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-106">In normal (synchronous) operation, you send messages to queues and topics, and receive messages from queues and subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-106">In normal (synchronous) operation, you send messages to queues and topics, and receive messages from queues and subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-107">Applications you write depend on these entities always being available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-107">Applications you write depend on these entities always being available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-108">When the entity health changes, due to a variety of circumstances, you need a way to provide a reduced capability entity that can satisfy most needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-108">When the entity health changes, due to a variety of circumstances, you need a way to provide a reduced capability entity that can satisfy most needs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-109">Applications typically use asynchronous messaging patterns to enable a number of communication scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-109">Applications typically use asynchronous messaging patterns to enable a number of communication scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-110">You can build applications in which clients can send messages to services, even when the service is not running.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-110">You can build applications in which clients can send messages to services, even when the service is not running.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-111">For applications that experience bursts of communications, a queue can help level the load by providing a place to buffer communications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-111">For applications that experience bursts of communications, a queue can help level the load by providing a place to buffer communications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-112">Finally, you can get a simple but effective load balancer to distribute messages across multiple machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-112">Finally, you can get a simple but effective load balancer to distribute messages across multiple machines.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-113">In order to maintain availability of any of these entities, consider a number of different ways in which these entities can appear unavailable for a durable messaging system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-113">In order to maintain availability of any of these entities, consider a number of different ways in which these entities can appear unavailable for a durable messaging system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-114">Generally speaking, we see the entity become unavailable to applications we write in the following different ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-114">Generally speaking, we see the entity become unavailable to applications we write in the following different ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="62920-115">Unable to send messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-115">Unable to send messages.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-116">Unable to receive messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-116">Unable to receive messages.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-117">Unable to manage entities (create, retrieve, update, or delete entities).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-117">Unable to manage entities (create, retrieve, update, or delete entities).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-118">Unable to contact the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-118">Unable to contact the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-119">For each of these failures, different failure modes exist that enable an application to continue to perform work at some level of reduced capability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-119">For each of these failures, different failure modes exist that enable an application to continue to perform work at some level of reduced capability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-120">For example, a system that can send messages but not receive them can still receive orders from customers but cannot process those orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-120">For example, a system that can send messages but not receive them can still receive orders from customers but cannot process those orders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-121">This topic discusses potential issues that can occur, and how those issues are mitigated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-121">This topic discusses potential issues that can occur, and how those issues are mitigated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-122">Service Bus has introduced a number of mitigations which you must opt into, and this topic also discusses the rules governing the use of those opt-in mitigations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-122">Service Bus has introduced a number of mitigations which you must opt into, and this topic also discusses the rules governing the use of those opt-in mitigations.</span></span>

## <a name="reliability-in-service-bus"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-123">Reliability in Service Bus</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-123">Reliability in Service Bus</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-124">There are several ways to handle message and entity issues, and there are guidelines governing the appropriate use of those mitigations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-124">There are several ways to handle message and entity issues, and there are guidelines governing the appropriate use of those mitigations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-125">To understand the guidelines, you must first understand what can fail in Service Bus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-125">To understand the guidelines, you must first understand what can fail in Service Bus.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-126">Due to the design of Azure systems, all of these issues tend to be short-lived.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-126">Due to the design of Azure systems, all of these issues tend to be short-lived.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-127">At a high level, the different causes of unavailability appear as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-127">At a high level, the different causes of unavailability appear as follows:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="62920-128">Throttling from an external system on which Service Bus depends.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-128">Throttling from an external system on which Service Bus depends.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-129">Throttling occurs from interactions with storage and compute resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-129">Throttling occurs from interactions with storage and compute resources.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-130">Issue for a system on which Service Bus depends.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-130">Issue for a system on which Service Bus depends.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-131">For example, a given part of storage can encounter issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-131">For example, a given part of storage can encounter issues.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-132">Failure of Service Bus on single subsystem.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-132">Failure of Service Bus on single subsystem.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-133">In this situation, a compute node can get into an inconsistent state and must restart itself, causing all entities it serves to load balance to other nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-133">In this situation, a compute node can get into an inconsistent state and must restart itself, causing all entities it serves to load balance to other nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-134">This in turn can cause a short period of slow message processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-134">This in turn can cause a short period of slow message processing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-135">Failure of Service Bus within an Azure datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-135">Failure of Service Bus within an Azure datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-136">This is a "catastrophic failure" during which the system is unreachable for many minutes or a few hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-136">This is a "catastrophic failure" during which the system is unreachable for many minutes or a few hours.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="62920-137">The term **storage** can mean both Azure Storage and SQL Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-137">The term **storage** can mean both Azure Storage and SQL Azure.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="62920-138">Service Bus contains a number of mitigations for these issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-138">Service Bus contains a number of mitigations for these issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-139">The following sections discuss each issue and their respective mitigations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-139">The following sections discuss each issue and their respective mitigations.</span></span>

### <a name="throttling"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-140">Throttling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-140">Throttling</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-141">With Service Bus, throttling enables cooperative message rate management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-141">With Service Bus, throttling enables cooperative message rate management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-142">Each individual Service Bus node houses many entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-142">Each individual Service Bus node houses many entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-143">Each of those entities makes demands on the system in terms of CPU, memory, storage, and other facets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-143">Each of those entities makes demands on the system in terms of CPU, memory, storage, and other facets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-144">When any of these facets detects usage that exceeds defined thresholds, Service Bus can deny a given request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-144">When any of these facets detects usage that exceeds defined thresholds, Service Bus can deny a given request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-145">The caller receives a [ServerBusyException][ServerBusyException] and retries after 10 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-145">The caller receives a [ServerBusyException][ServerBusyException] and retries after 10 seconds.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-146">As a mitigation, the code must read the error and halt any retries of the message for at least 10 seconds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-146">As a mitigation, the code must read the error and halt any retries of the message for at least 10 seconds.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-147">Since the error can happen across pieces of the customer application, it is expected that each piece independently executes the retry logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-147">Since the error can happen across pieces of the customer application, it is expected that each piece independently executes the retry logic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-148">The code can reduce the probability of being throttled by enabling partitioning on a queue or topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-148">The code can reduce the probability of being throttled by enabling partitioning on a queue or topic.</span></span>

### <a name="issue-for-an-azure-dependency"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-149">Issue for an Azure dependency</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-149">Issue for an Azure dependency</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-150">Other components within Azure can occasionally have service issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-150">Other components within Azure can occasionally have service issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-151">For example, when a system that Service Bus uses is being upgraded, that system can temporarily experience reduced capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-151">For example, when a system that Service Bus uses is being upgraded, that system can temporarily experience reduced capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-152">To work around these types of issues, Service Bus regularly investigates and implements mitigations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-152">To work around these types of issues, Service Bus regularly investigates and implements mitigations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-153">Side effects of these mitigations do appear.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-153">Side effects of these mitigations do appear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-154">For example, to handle transient issues with storage, Service Bus implements a system that allows message send operations to work consistently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-154">For example, to handle transient issues with storage, Service Bus implements a system that allows message send operations to work consistently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-155">Due to the nature of the mitigation, a sent message can take up to 15 minutes to appear in the affected queue or subscription and be ready for a receive operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-155">Due to the nature of the mitigation, a sent message can take up to 15 minutes to appear in the affected queue or subscription and be ready for a receive operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-156">Generally speaking, most entities will not experience this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-156">Generally speaking, most entities will not experience this issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-157">However, given the number of entities in Service Bus within Azure, this mitigation is sometimes needed for a small subset of Service Bus customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-157">However, given the number of entities in Service Bus within Azure, this mitigation is sometimes needed for a small subset of Service Bus customers.</span></span>

### <a name="service-bus-failure-on-a-single-subsystem"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-158">Service Bus failure on a single subsystem</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-158">Service Bus failure on a single subsystem</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-159">With any application, circumstances can cause an internal component of Service Bus to become inconsistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-159">With any application, circumstances can cause an internal component of Service Bus to become inconsistent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-160">When Service Bus detects this, it collects data from the application to aid in diagnosing what happened.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-160">When Service Bus detects this, it collects data from the application to aid in diagnosing what happened.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-161">Once the data is collected, the application is restarted in an attempt to return it to a consistent state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-161">Once the data is collected, the application is restarted in an attempt to return it to a consistent state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-162">This process happens fairly quickly, and results in an entity appearing to be unavailable for up to a few minutes, though typical down times are much shorter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-162">This process happens fairly quickly, and results in an entity appearing to be unavailable for up to a few minutes, though typical down times are much shorter.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-163">In these cases, the client application generates a [System.TimeoutException][System.TimeoutException] or [MessagingException][MessagingException] exception.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-163">In these cases, the client application generates a [System.TimeoutException][System.TimeoutException] or [MessagingException][MessagingException] exception.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-164">Service Bus contains a mitigation for this issue in the form of automated client retry logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-164">Service Bus contains a mitigation for this issue in the form of automated client retry logic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-165">Once the retry period is exhausted and the message is not delivered, you can explore using other features such as [paired namespaces][paired namespaces].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-165">Once the retry period is exhausted and the message is not delivered, you can explore using other features such as [paired namespaces][paired namespaces].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-166">Paired namespaces have other caveats that are discussed in that article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-166">Paired namespaces have other caveats that are discussed in that article.</span></span>

### <a name="failure-of-service-bus-within-an-azure-datacenter"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-167">Failure of Service Bus within an Azure datacenter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-167">Failure of Service Bus within an Azure datacenter</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-168">The most probable reason for a failure in an Azure datacenter is a failed upgrade deployment of Service Bus or a dependent system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-168">The most probable reason for a failure in an Azure datacenter is a failed upgrade deployment of Service Bus or a dependent system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-169">As the platform has matured, the likelihood of this type of failure has diminished.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-169">As the platform has matured, the likelihood of this type of failure has diminished.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-170">A datacenter failure can also happen for reasons that include the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-170">A datacenter failure can also happen for reasons that include the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="62920-171">Electrical outage (power supply and generating power disappear).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-171">Electrical outage (power supply and generating power disappear).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-172">Connectivity (internet break between your clients and Azure).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-172">Connectivity (internet break between your clients and Azure).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-173">In both cases, a natural or man-made disaster caused the issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-173">In both cases, a natural or man-made disaster caused the issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-174">To work around this and make sure that you can still send messages, you can use [paired namespaces][paired namespaces] to enable messages to be sent to a second location while the primary location is made healthy again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-174">To work around this and make sure that you can still send messages, you can use [paired namespaces][paired namespaces] to enable messages to be sent to a second location while the primary location is made healthy again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-175">For more information, see [Best practices for insulating applications against Service Bus outages and disasters][Best practices for insulating applications against Service Bus outages and disasters].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-175">For more information, see [Best practices for insulating applications against Service Bus outages and disasters][Best practices for insulating applications against Service Bus outages and disasters].</span></span>

## <a name="paired-namespaces"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-176">Paired namespaces</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-176">Paired namespaces</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-177">The [paired namespaces][paired namespaces] feature supports scenarios in which a Service Bus entity or deployment within a data center becomes unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-177">The [paired namespaces][paired namespaces] feature supports scenarios in which a Service Bus entity or deployment within a data center becomes unavailable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-178">While this event occurs infrequently, distributed systems still must be prepared to handle worst case scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-178">While this event occurs infrequently, distributed systems still must be prepared to handle worst case scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-179">Typically, this event happens because some element on which Service Bus depends is experiencing a short-term issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-179">Typically, this event happens because some element on which Service Bus depends is experiencing a short-term issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-180">To maintain application availability during an outage, Service Bus users can use two separate namespaces, preferably in separate data centers, to host their messaging entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-180">To maintain application availability during an outage, Service Bus users can use two separate namespaces, preferably in separate data centers, to host their messaging entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-181">The remainder of this section uses the following terminology:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-181">The remainder of this section uses the following terminology:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="62920-182">Primary namespace: The namespace with which your application interacts, for send and receive operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-182">Primary namespace: The namespace with which your application interacts, for send and receive operations.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-183">Secondary namespace: The namespace that acts as a backup to the primary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-183">Secondary namespace: The namespace that acts as a backup to the primary namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-184">Application logic does not interact with this namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-184">Application logic does not interact with this namespace.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-185">Failover interval: The amount of time to accept normal failures before the application switches from the primary namespace to the secondary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-185">Failover interval: The amount of time to accept normal failures before the application switches from the primary namespace to the secondary namespace.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-186">Paired namespaces support *send availability*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-186">Paired namespaces support *send availability*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-187">Send availability preserves the ability to send messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-187">Send availability preserves the ability to send messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-188">To use send availability, your application must meet the following requirements:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-188">To use send availability, your application must meet the following requirements:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="62920-189">Messages are only received from the primary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-189">Messages are only received from the primary namespace.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="62920-190">Messages sent to a given queue or topic might arrive out of order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-190">Messages sent to a given queue or topic might arrive out of order.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="62920-191">Messages within a session might arrive out of order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-191">Messages within a session might arrive out of order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-192">This is a break from normal functionality of sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-192">This is a break from normal functionality of sessions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-193">This means that your application uses sessions to logically group messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-193">This means that your application uses sessions to logically group messages.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="62920-194">Session state is only maintained on the primary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-194">Session state is only maintained on the primary namespace.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="62920-195">The primary queue can come online and start accepting messages before the secondary queue delivers all messages into the primary queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-195">The primary queue can come online and start accepting messages before the secondary queue delivers all messages into the primary queue.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-196">The following sections discuss the APIs, how the APIs are implemented, and shows sample code that uses the feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-196">The following sections discuss the APIs, how the APIs are implemented, and shows sample code that uses the feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-197">Note that there are billing implications associated with this feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-197">Note that there are billing implications associated with this feature.</span></span>

### <a name="the-messagingfactorypairnamespaceasync-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-198">The MessagingFactory.PairNamespaceAsync API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-198">The MessagingFactory.PairNamespaceAsync API</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-199">The paired namespaces feature includes the [PairNamespaceAsync][PairNamespaceAsync] method on the [Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.MessagingFactory][Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.MessagingFactory] class:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-199">The paired namespaces feature includes the [PairNamespaceAsync][PairNamespaceAsync] method on the [Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.MessagingFactory][Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.MessagingFactory] class:</span></span>

```csharp
public Task PairNamespaceAsync(PairedNamespaceOptions options);
```

<span data-ttu-id="62920-200">When the task completes, the namespace pairing is also complete and ready to act upon for any [MessageReceiver][MessageReceiver], [QueueClient][QueueClient], or [TopicClient][TopicClient] created with the [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-200">When the task completes, the namespace pairing is also complete and ready to act upon for any [MessageReceiver][MessageReceiver], [QueueClient][QueueClient], or [TopicClient][TopicClient] created with the [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-201">[Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.PairedNamespaceOptions][Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.PairedNamespaceOptions] is the base class for the different types of pairing that are available with a [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-201">[Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.PairedNamespaceOptions][Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.PairedNamespaceOptions] is the base class for the different types of pairing that are available with a [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-202">Currently, the only derived class is one named [SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions], which implements the send availability requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-202">Currently, the only derived class is one named [SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions], which implements the send availability requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-203">[SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions] has a set of constructors that build on each other.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-203">[SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions] has a set of constructors that build on each other.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-204">Looking at the constructor with the most parameters, you can understand the behavior of the other constructors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-204">Looking at the constructor with the most parameters, you can understand the behavior of the other constructors.</span></span>

```csharp
public SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions(
    NamespaceManager secondaryNamespaceManager,
    MessagingFactory messagingFactory,
    int backlogQueueCount,
    TimeSpan failoverInterval,
    bool enableSyphon)
```

<span data-ttu-id="62920-205">These parameters have the following meanings:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-205">These parameters have the following meanings:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="62920-206">*secondaryNamespaceManager*: An initialized [NamespaceManager][NamespaceManager] instance for the secondary namespace that the [PairNamespaceAsync][PairNamespaceAsync] method can use to set up the secondary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-206">*secondaryNamespaceManager*: An initialized [NamespaceManager][NamespaceManager] instance for the secondary namespace that the [PairNamespaceAsync][PairNamespaceAsync] method can use to set up the secondary namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-207">The namespace manager is used to obtain the list of queues in the namespace and to make sure that the required backlog queues exist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-207">The namespace manager is used to obtain the list of queues in the namespace and to make sure that the required backlog queues exist.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-208">If those queues do not exist, they are created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-208">If those queues do not exist, they are created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-209">[NamespaceManager][NamespaceManager] requires the ability to create a token with the **Manage** claim.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-209">[NamespaceManager][NamespaceManager] requires the ability to create a token with the **Manage** claim.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-210">*messagingFactory*: The [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance for the secondary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-210">*messagingFactory*: The [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance for the secondary namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-211">The [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] object is used to send and, if the [EnableSyphon][EnableSyphon] property is set to **true**, receive messages from the backlog queues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-211">The [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] object is used to send and, if the [EnableSyphon][EnableSyphon] property is set to **true**, receive messages from the backlog queues.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-212">*backlogQueueCount*: The number of backlog queues to create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-212">*backlogQueueCount*: The number of backlog queues to create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-213">This value must be at least 1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-213">This value must be at least 1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-214">When sending messages to the backlog, one of these queues is randomly chosen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-214">When sending messages to the backlog, one of these queues is randomly chosen.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-215">If you set the value to 1, then only one queue can ever be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-215">If you set the value to 1, then only one queue can ever be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-216">When this happens and the one backlog queue generates errors, the client is not able to try a different backlog queue and may fail to send your message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-216">When this happens and the one backlog queue generates errors, the client is not able to try a different backlog queue and may fail to send your message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-217">We recommend setting this value to some larger value and default the value to 10.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-217">We recommend setting this value to some larger value and default the value to 10.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-218">You can change this to a higher or lower value depending on how much data your application sends per day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-218">You can change this to a higher or lower value depending on how much data your application sends per day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-219">Each backlog queue can hold up to 5 GB of messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-219">Each backlog queue can hold up to 5 GB of messages.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-220">*failoverInterval*: The amount of time during which you will accept failures on the primary namespace before switching any single entity over to the secondary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-220">*failoverInterval*: The amount of time during which you will accept failures on the primary namespace before switching any single entity over to the secondary namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-221">Failovers occur on an entity-by-entity basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-221">Failovers occur on an entity-by-entity basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-222">Entities in a single namespace frequently live in different nodes within Service Bus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-222">Entities in a single namespace frequently live in different nodes within Service Bus.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-223">A failure in one entity does not imply a failure in another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-223">A failure in one entity does not imply a failure in another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-224">You can set this value to [System.TimeSpan.Zero][System.TimeSpan.Zero] to failover to the secondary immediately after your first, non-transient failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-224">You can set this value to [System.TimeSpan.Zero][System.TimeSpan.Zero] to failover to the secondary immediately after your first, non-transient failure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-225">Failures that trigger the failover timer are any [MessagingException][MessagingException] in which the [IsTransient][IsTransient] property is false, or a [System.TimeoutException][System.TimeoutException].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-225">Failures that trigger the failover timer are any [MessagingException][MessagingException] in which the [IsTransient][IsTransient] property is false, or a [System.TimeoutException][System.TimeoutException].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-226">Other exceptions, such as [UnauthorizedAccessException][UnauthorizedAccessException] do not cause failover, because they indicate that the client is configured incorrectly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-226">Other exceptions, such as [UnauthorizedAccessException][UnauthorizedAccessException] do not cause failover, because they indicate that the client is configured incorrectly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-227">A [ServerBusyException][ServerBusyException] does not cause failover because the correct pattern is to wait 10 seconds, then send the message again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-227">A [ServerBusyException][ServerBusyException] does not cause failover because the correct pattern is to wait 10 seconds, then send the message again.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="62920-228">*enableSyphon*: Indicates that this particular pairing should also syphon messages from the secondary namespace back to the primary namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-228">*enableSyphon*: Indicates that this particular pairing should also syphon messages from the secondary namespace back to the primary namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-229">In general, applications that send messages should set this value to **false**; applications that receive messages should set this value to **true**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-229">In general, applications that send messages should set this value to **false**; applications that receive messages should set this value to **true**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-230">The reason for this is that frequently, there are fewer message receivers than message senders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-230">The reason for this is that frequently, there are fewer message receivers than message senders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-231">Depending on the number of receivers, you can choose to have a single application instance handle the syphon duties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-231">Depending on the number of receivers, you can choose to have a single application instance handle the syphon duties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-232">Using many receivers has billing implications for each backlog queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-232">Using many receivers has billing implications for each backlog queue.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="62920-233">To use the code, create a primary [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance, a secondary [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance, a secondary [NamespaceManager][NamespaceManager] instance, and a [SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions] instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-233">To use the code, create a primary [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance, a secondary [MessagingFactory][MessagingFactory] instance, a secondary [NamespaceManager][NamespaceManager] instance, and a [SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions] instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-234">The call can be as simple as the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-234">The call can be as simple as the following:</span></span>

```csharp
SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions sendAvailabilityOptions = new SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions(secondaryNamespaceManager, secondary);
primary.PairNamespaceAsync(sendAvailabilityOptions).Wait();
```

<span data-ttu-id="62920-235">When the task returned by the [PairNamespaceAsync][PairNamespaceAsync] method completes, everything is set up and ready to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-235">When the task returned by the [PairNamespaceAsync][PairNamespaceAsync] method completes, everything is set up and ready to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-236">Before the task is returned, you may not have completed all of the background work necessary for the pairing to work right.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-236">Before the task is returned, you may not have completed all of the background work necessary for the pairing to work right.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-237">As a result, you should not start sending messages until the task returns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-237">As a result, you should not start sending messages until the task returns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-238">If any failures occurred, such as bad credentials, or failure to create the backlog queues, those exceptions will be thrown once the task completes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-238">If any failures occurred, such as bad credentials, or failure to create the backlog queues, those exceptions will be thrown once the task completes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-239">Once the task returns, verify that the queues were found or created by examining the [BacklogQueueCount][BacklogQueueCount] property on your [SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions] instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-239">Once the task returns, verify that the queues were found or created by examining the [BacklogQueueCount][BacklogQueueCount] property on your [SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions][SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions] instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="62920-240">For the preceding code, that operation appears as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-240">For the preceding code, that operation appears as follows:</span></span>

```csharp
if (sendAvailabilityOptions.BacklogQueueCount < 1)
{
    // Handle case where no queues were created.
}
```

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="62920-241">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-241">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="62920-242">Now that you've learned the basics of asynchronous messaging in Service Bus, read more details about [paired namespaces][paired namespaces].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="62920-242">Now that you've learned the basics of asynchronous messaging in Service Bus, read more details about [paired namespaces][paired namespaces].</span></span>

[ServerBusyException]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.serverbusyexception
[System.TimeoutException]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/system.timeoutexception.aspx
[MessagingException]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.messagingexception
[Best practices for insulating applications against Service Bus outages and disasters]: service-bus-outages-disasters.md
[Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.MessagingFactory]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.messagingfactory
[MessageReceiver]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.messagereceiver
[QueueClient]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.queueclient
[TopicClient]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.topicclient
[Microsoft.ServiceBus.Messaging.PairedNamespaceOptions]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.pairednamespaceoptions
[MessagingFactory]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.messagingfactory
[SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sendavailabilitypairednamespaceoptions
[NamespaceManager]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager
[PairNamespaceAsync]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.messagingfactory#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_MessagingFactory_PairNamespaceAsync_Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_PairedNamespaceOptions_
[EnableSyphon]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sendavailabilitypairednamespaceoptions#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions_EnableSyphon
[System.TimeSpan.Zero]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/system.timespan.zero.aspx
[IsTransient]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.messagingexception#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_MessagingException_IsTransient
[UnauthorizedAccessException]: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/system.unauthorizedaccessexception.aspx
[BacklogQueueCount]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sendavailabilitypairednamespaceoptions?redirectedfrom=MSDN#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_SendAvailabilityPairedNamespaceOptions_BacklogQueueCount
[paired namespaces]: service-bus-paired-namespaces.md
