---
title: Azure Service Bus authentication and authorization | Microsoft Docs
description: Overview of Shared Access Signature (SAS) authentication.
services: service-bus-messaging
documentationcenter: na
author: sethmanheim
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 18bad0ed-1cee-4a5c-a377-facc4785c8c9
ms.service: service-bus-messaging
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/21/2017
ms.author: sethm
ms.openlocfilehash: 8e113a78519444fd1e0a9da89ec95aa0dccebb2b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44549926"
---
# <a name="service-bus-authentication-and-authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="434e3-103">Service Bus authentication and authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-103">Service Bus authentication and authorization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="434e3-104">Applications can authenticate to Azure Service Bus using either Shared Access Signature (SAS) authentication, or through Azure Active Directory Access Control (also known as Access Control Service or ACS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-104">Applications can authenticate to Azure Service Bus using either Shared Access Signature (SAS) authentication, or through Azure Active Directory Access Control (also known as Access Control Service or ACS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-105">Shared Access Signature authentication enables applications to authenticate to Service Bus using an access key configured on the namespace, or on the entity with which specific rights are associated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-105">Shared Access Signature authentication enables applications to authenticate to Service Bus using an access key configured on the namespace, or on the entity with which specific rights are associated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-106">You can then use this key to generate a Shared Access Signature token that clients can use to authenticate to Service Bus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-106">You can then use this key to generate a Shared Access Signature token that clients can use to authenticate to Service Bus.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-107">SAS is recommended over ACS, as it provides a simple, flexible, and easy-to-use authentication scheme for Service Bus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-107">SAS is recommended over ACS, as it provides a simple, flexible, and easy-to-use authentication scheme for Service Bus.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-108">Applications can use SAS in scenarios in which they do not need to manage the notion of an authorized "user."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-108">Applications can use SAS in scenarios in which they do not need to manage the notion of an authorized "user."</span></span> 

## <a name="shared-access-signature-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="434e3-109">Shared Access Signature authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-109">Shared Access Signature authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="434e3-110">[SAS authentication](service-bus-sas.md) enables you to grant a user access to Service Bus resources with specific rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-110">[SAS authentication](service-bus-sas.md) enables you to grant a user access to Service Bus resources with specific rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-111">SAS authentication in Service Bus involves the configuration of a cryptographic key with associated rights on a Service Bus resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-111">SAS authentication in Service Bus involves the configuration of a cryptographic key with associated rights on a Service Bus resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-112">Clients can then gain access to that resource by presenting a SAS token, which consists of the resource URI being accessed and an expiry signed with the configured key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-112">Clients can then gain access to that resource by presenting a SAS token, which consists of the resource URI being accessed and an expiry signed with the configured key.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-113">You can configure keys for SAS on a Service Bus namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-113">You can configure keys for SAS on a Service Bus namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-114">The key applies to all messaging entities in that namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-114">The key applies to all messaging entities in that namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-115">You can also configure keys on Service Bus queues and topics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-115">You can also configure keys on Service Bus queues and topics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-116">SAS is also supported on [Azure Relay](../service-bus-relay/relay-authentication-and-authorization.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-116">SAS is also supported on [Azure Relay](../service-bus-relay/relay-authentication-and-authorization.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-117">To use SAS, you can configure a [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule) object on a namespace, queue, or topic that consists of the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-117">To use SAS, you can configure a [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule) object on a namespace, queue, or topic that consists of the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="434e3-118">*KeyName* that identifies the rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-118">*KeyName* that identifies the rule.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="434e3-119">*PrimaryKey* is a cryptographic key used to sign/validate SAS tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-119">*PrimaryKey* is a cryptographic key used to sign/validate SAS tokens.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="434e3-120">*SecondaryKey* is a cryptographic key used to sign/validate SAS tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-120">*SecondaryKey* is a cryptographic key used to sign/validate SAS tokens.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="434e3-121">*Rights* representing the collection of Listen, Send, or Manage rights granted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-121">*Rights* representing the collection of Listen, Send, or Manage rights granted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-122">Authorization rules configured at the namespace level can grant access to all entities in a namespace for clients with tokens signed using the corresponding key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-122">Authorization rules configured at the namespace level can grant access to all entities in a namespace for clients with tokens signed using the corresponding key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-123">Up to 12 such authorization rules can be configured on a Service Bus namespace, queue, or topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-123">Up to 12 such authorization rules can be configured on a Service Bus namespace, queue, or topic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-124">By default, a [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule) with all rights is configured for every namespace when it is first provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-124">By default, a [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule) with all rights is configured for every namespace when it is first provisioned.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-125">To access an entity, the client requires a SAS token generated using a specific [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-125">To access an entity, the client requires a SAS token generated using a specific [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-126">The SAS token is generated using the HMAC-SHA256 of a resource string that consists of the resource URI to which access is claimed, and an expiry with a cryptographic key associated with the authorization rule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-126">The SAS token is generated using the HMAC-SHA256 of a resource string that consists of the resource URI to which access is claimed, and an expiry with a cryptographic key associated with the authorization rule.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-127">SAS authentication support for Service Bus is included in the Azure .NET SDK versions 2.0 and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-127">SAS authentication support for Service Bus is included in the Azure .NET SDK versions 2.0 and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-128">SAS includes support for a [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-128">SAS includes support for a [SharedAccessAuthorizationRule](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sharedaccessauthorizationrule).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-129">All APIs that accept a connection string as a parameter include support for SAS connection strings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-129">All APIs that accept a connection string as a parameter include support for SAS connection strings.</span></span>

## <a name="acs-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="434e3-130">ACS authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-130">ACS authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="434e3-131">Service Bus authentication through ACS is managed through a companion "-sb" ACS namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-131">Service Bus authentication through ACS is managed through a companion "-sb" ACS namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-132">If you want a companion ACS namespace to be created for a Service Bus namespace, you cannot create your Service Bus namespace using the Azure classic portal; you must create the namespace using the [New-AzureSBNamespace](/powershell/servicemanagement/azure.compute/v1.6.1/New-AzureSBNamespace) PowerShell cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-132">If you want a companion ACS namespace to be created for a Service Bus namespace, you cannot create your Service Bus namespace using the Azure classic portal; you must create the namespace using the [New-AzureSBNamespace](/powershell/servicemanagement/azure.compute/v1.6.1/New-AzureSBNamespace) PowerShell cmdlet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-133">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-133">For example:</span></span>

```powershell
New-AzureSBNamespace <namespaceName> "<Region>” -CreateACSNamespace $true
```

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-134">To avoid creating an ACS namespace, issue the following command:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-134">To avoid creating an ACS namespace, issue the following command:</span></span>

```powershell
New-AzureSBNamespace <namespaceName> "<Region>” -CreateACSNamespace $false
```

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-135">For example, if you create a Service Bus namespace called **contoso.servicebus.windows.net**, a companion ACS namespace named **contoso-sb.accesscontrol.windows.net** is provisioned automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-135">For example, if you create a Service Bus namespace called **contoso.servicebus.windows.net**, a companion ACS namespace named **contoso-sb.accesscontrol.windows.net** is provisioned automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-136">For all namespaces that were created before August 2014, an accompanying ACS namespace was also created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-136">For all namespaces that were created before August 2014, an accompanying ACS namespace was also created.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-137">A default service identity "owner," with all rights, is provisioned by default in this companion ACS namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-137">A default service identity "owner," with all rights, is provisioned by default in this companion ACS namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-138">You can obtain fine-grained control to any Service Bus entity through ACS by configuring the appropriate trust relationships.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-138">You can obtain fine-grained control to any Service Bus entity through ACS by configuring the appropriate trust relationships.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-139">You can configure additional service identities for managing access to Service Bus entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-139">You can configure additional service identities for managing access to Service Bus entities.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-140">To access an entity, the client requests an SWT token from ACS with the appropriate claims by presenting its credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-140">To access an entity, the client requests an SWT token from ACS with the appropriate claims by presenting its credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-141">The SWT token must then be sent as a part of the request to Service Bus to enable the authorization of the client for access to the entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-141">The SWT token must then be sent as a part of the request to Service Bus to enable the authorization of the client for access to the entity.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-142">ACS authentication support for Service Bus is included in the Azure .NET SDK versions 2.0 and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-142">ACS authentication support for Service Bus is included in the Azure .NET SDK versions 2.0 and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-143">This authentication includes support for a [SharedSecretTokenProvider](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.sharedsecrettokenprovider).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-143">This authentication includes support for a [SharedSecretTokenProvider](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.sharedsecrettokenprovider).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="434e3-144">All APIs that accept a connection string as a parameter include support for ACS connection strings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-144">All APIs that accept a connection string as a parameter include support for ACS connection strings.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="434e3-145">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-145">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="434e3-146">Continue reading [Service Bus authentication with Shared Access Signatures](service-bus-sas.md) for more details about SAS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-146">Continue reading [Service Bus authentication with Shared Access Signatures](service-bus-sas.md) for more details about SAS.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="434e3-147">For corresponding information about Azure Relay authentication and authorization, see [Azure Relay authentication and authorization](../service-bus-relay/relay-authentication-and-authorization.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="434e3-147">For corresponding information about Azure Relay authentication and authorization, see [Azure Relay authentication and authorization](../service-bus-relay/relay-authentication-and-authorization.md).</span></span> 

