---
title: Azure Service Bus messaging overview | Microsoft Docs
description: Description of Service Bus messaging and Azure Relay
services: service-bus-messaging
documentationcenter: .net
author: sethmanheim
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: f99766cb-8f4b-4baf-b061-4b1e2ae570e4
ms.service: service-bus-messaging
ms.workload: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: multiple
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.date: 02/16/2017
ms.author: sethm
ms.openlocfilehash: 16afaa32ebbf2723a6dc5eea8e668b7fc971b43e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556362"
---
# <a name="service-bus-messaging-flexible-data-delivery-in-the-cloud"></a><span data-ttu-id="869c5-103">Service Bus messaging: flexible data delivery in the cloud</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-103">Service Bus messaging: flexible data delivery in the cloud</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="869c5-104">Microsoft Azure Service Bus is a reliable information delivery service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-104">Microsoft Azure Service Bus is a reliable information delivery service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-105">The purpose of this service is to make communication easier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-105">The purpose of this service is to make communication easier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-106">When two or more parties want to exchange information, they need a communication facilitator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-106">When two or more parties want to exchange information, they need a communication facilitator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-107">Service Bus is a brokered, or third-party communication mechanism.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-107">Service Bus is a brokered, or third-party communication mechanism.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-108">This is similar to a postal service in the physical world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-108">This is similar to a postal service in the physical world.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-109">Postal services make it very easy to send different kinds of letters and packages with a variety of delivery guarantees, anywhere in the world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-109">Postal services make it very easy to send different kinds of letters and packages with a variety of delivery guarantees, anywhere in the world.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-110">Similar to the postal service delivering letters, Service Bus is flexible information delivery from both the sender and the recipient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-110">Similar to the postal service delivering letters, Service Bus is flexible information delivery from both the sender and the recipient.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-111">The messaging service ensures that the information is delivered even if the two parties are never both online at the same time, or if they aren't available at the exact same time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-111">The messaging service ensures that the information is delivered even if the two parties are never both online at the same time, or if they aren't available at the exact same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-112">In this way, messaging is similar to sending a letter, while non-brokered communication is similar to placing a phone call (or how a phone call used to be - before call waiting and caller ID, which are much more like brokered messaging).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-112">In this way, messaging is similar to sending a letter, while non-brokered communication is similar to placing a phone call (or how a phone call used to be - before call waiting and caller ID, which are much more like brokered messaging).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-113">The message sender can also require a variety of delivery characteristics including transactions, duplicate detection, time-based expiration, and batching.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-113">The message sender can also require a variety of delivery characteristics including transactions, duplicate detection, time-based expiration, and batching.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-114">These patterns have postal analogies as well: repeat delivery, required signature, address change, or recall.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-114">These patterns have postal analogies as well: repeat delivery, required signature, address change, or recall.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-115">Service Bus supports two distinct messaging patterns: *Azure Relay* and *Service Bus Messaging*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-115">Service Bus supports two distinct messaging patterns: *Azure Relay* and *Service Bus Messaging*.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-relay"></a><span data-ttu-id="869c5-116">Azure Relay</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-116">Azure Relay</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="869c5-117">The [WCF Relay](../service-bus-relay/service-bus-relay-overview.md) component of Service Bus is a centralized (but highly load-balanced) service that supports a variety of different transport protocols and Web services standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-117">The [WCF Relay](../service-bus-relay/service-bus-relay-overview.md) component of Service Bus is a centralized (but highly load-balanced) service that supports a variety of different transport protocols and Web services standards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-118">This includes SOAP, WS-\*, and even REST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-118">This includes SOAP, WS-\*, and even REST.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-119">The [relay service](../service-bus-relay/service-bus-dotnet-how-to-use-relay.md) provides a variety of different relay connectivity options and can help negotiate direct peer-to-peer connections when it is possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-119">The [relay service](../service-bus-relay/service-bus-dotnet-how-to-use-relay.md) provides a variety of different relay connectivity options and can help negotiate direct peer-to-peer connections when it is possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-120">Service Bus is optimized for .NET developers who use the Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), both with regard to performance and usability, and provides full access to its relay service through SOAP and REST interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-120">Service Bus is optimized for .NET developers who use the Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), both with regard to performance and usability, and provides full access to its relay service through SOAP and REST interfaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-121">This makes it possible for any SOAP or REST programming environment to integrate with Service Bus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-121">This makes it possible for any SOAP or REST programming environment to integrate with Service Bus.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-122">The relay service supports traditional one-way messaging, request/response messaging, and peer-to-peer messaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-122">The relay service supports traditional one-way messaging, request/response messaging, and peer-to-peer messaging.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-123">It also supports event distribution at Internet-scope to enable publish-subscribe scenarios and bi-directional socket communication for increased point-to-point efficiency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-123">It also supports event distribution at Internet-scope to enable publish-subscribe scenarios and bi-directional socket communication for increased point-to-point efficiency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-124">In the relayed messaging pattern, an on-premises service connects to the relay service through an outbound port and creates a bi-directional socket for communication tied to a particular rendezvous address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-124">In the relayed messaging pattern, an on-premises service connects to the relay service through an outbound port and creates a bi-directional socket for communication tied to a particular rendezvous address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-125">The client can then communicate with the on-premises service by sending messages to the relay service targeting the rendezvous address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-125">The client can then communicate with the on-premises service by sending messages to the relay service targeting the rendezvous address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-126">The relay service will then "relay" messages to the on-premises service through the bi-directional socket already in place.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-126">The relay service will then "relay" messages to the on-premises service through the bi-directional socket already in place.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-127">The client does not need a direct connection to the on-premises service, nor is it required to know where the service resides, and the on-premises service does not need any inbound ports open on the firewall.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-127">The client does not need a direct connection to the on-premises service, nor is it required to know where the service resides, and the on-premises service does not need any inbound ports open on the firewall.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-128">You initiate the connection between your on-premises service and the relay service, using a suite of WCF "relay" bindings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-128">You initiate the connection between your on-premises service and the relay service, using a suite of WCF "relay" bindings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-129">Behind the scenes, the relay bindings map to transport binding elements designed to create WCF channel components that integrate with Service Bus in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-129">Behind the scenes, the relay bindings map to transport binding elements designed to create WCF channel components that integrate with Service Bus in the cloud.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-130">WCF Relay provides many benefits, but requires the server and client to both be online at the same time in order to send and receive messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-130">WCF Relay provides many benefits, but requires the server and client to both be online at the same time in order to send and receive messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-131">This is not optimal for HTTP-style communication, in which the requests may not be typically long-lived, nor for clients that connect only occasionally, such as browsers, mobile applications, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-131">This is not optimal for HTTP-style communication, in which the requests may not be typically long-lived, nor for clients that connect only occasionally, such as browsers, mobile applications, and so on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-132">Brokered messaging supports decoupled communication, and has its own advantages; clients and servers can connect when needed and perform their operations in an asynchronous manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-132">Brokered messaging supports decoupled communication, and has its own advantages; clients and servers can connect when needed and perform their operations in an asynchronous manner.</span></span>

## <a name="brokered-messaging"></a><span data-ttu-id="869c5-133">Brokered messaging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-133">Brokered messaging</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="869c5-134">In contrast to the relay scheme, Service Bus Messaging, or [brokered messaging](service-bus-queues-topics-subscriptions.md) can be thought of as asynchronous, or "temporally decoupled."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-134">In contrast to the relay scheme, Service Bus Messaging, or [brokered messaging](service-bus-queues-topics-subscriptions.md) can be thought of as asynchronous, or "temporally decoupled."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-135">Producers (senders) and consumers (receivers) do not have to be online at the same time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-135">Producers (senders) and consumers (receivers) do not have to be online at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-136">The messaging infrastructure reliably stores messages in a "broker" (such as a queue) until the consuming party is ready to receive them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-136">The messaging infrastructure reliably stores messages in a "broker" (such as a queue) until the consuming party is ready to receive them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-137">This allows the components of the distributed application to be disconnected, either voluntarily; for example, for maintenance, or due to a component crash, without affecting the entire system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-137">This allows the components of the distributed application to be disconnected, either voluntarily; for example, for maintenance, or due to a component crash, without affecting the entire system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-138">Furthermore, the receiving application may only have to come online during certain times of the day, such as an inventory management system that only is required to run at the end of the business day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-138">Furthermore, the receiving application may only have to come online during certain times of the day, such as an inventory management system that only is required to run at the end of the business day.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-139">The core components of the Service Bus brokered messaging infrastructure are queues, topics, and subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-139">The core components of the Service Bus brokered messaging infrastructure are queues, topics, and subscriptions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="869c5-140">The primary difference is that topics support publish/subscribe capabilities that can be used for sophisticated content-based routing and delivery logic, including sending to multiple recipients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-140">The primary difference is that topics support publish/subscribe capabilities that can be used for sophisticated content-based routing and delivery logic, including sending to multiple recipients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-141">These components enable new asynchronous messaging scenarios, such as temporal decoupling, publish/subscribe, and load balancing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-141">These components enable new asynchronous messaging scenarios, such as temporal decoupling, publish/subscribe, and load balancing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="869c5-142">For more information about these messaging entities, see [Service Bus queues, topics, and subscriptions](service-bus-queues-topics-subscriptions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-142">For more information about these messaging entities, see [Service Bus queues, topics, and subscriptions](service-bus-queues-topics-subscriptions.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="869c5-143">As with the WCF Relay infrastructure, the brokered messaging capability is provided for WCF and .NET Framework programmers, and also via REST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-143">As with the WCF Relay infrastructure, the brokered messaging capability is provided for WCF and .NET Framework programmers, and also via REST.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="869c5-144">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-144">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="869c5-145">To learn more about Service Bus Messaging, see the following topics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-145">To learn more about Service Bus Messaging, see the following topics.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="869c5-146">Service Bus fundamentals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-146">Service Bus fundamentals</span></span>](service-bus-fundamentals-hybrid-solutions.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="869c5-147">Service Bus queues, topics, and subscriptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-147">Service Bus queues, topics, and subscriptions</span></span>](service-bus-queues-topics-subscriptions.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="869c5-148">How to use Service Bus queues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-148">How to use Service Bus queues</span></span>](service-bus-dotnet-get-started-with-queues.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="869c5-149">How to use Service Bus topics and subscriptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="869c5-149">How to use Service Bus topics and subscriptions</span></span>](service-bus-dotnet-how-to-use-topics-subscriptions.md)

