---
title: Overview of Azure Service Bus messaging queues, topics, and subscriptions | Microsoft Docs
description: Overview of Service Bus messaging entities.
services: service-bus-messaging
documentationcenter: na
author: sethmanheim
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: a306ced4-74e9-47c6-990a-d9c47efa31d5
ms.service: service-bus-messaging
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/23/2017
ms.author: sethm
ms.openlocfilehash: 0c727a47d6b947484f9a5cd678fef14d6fe2b4ab
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44556300"
---
# <a name="service-bus-queues-topics-and-subscriptions"></a><span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-103">Service Bus queues, topics, and subscriptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-103">Service Bus queues, topics, and subscriptions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-104">Microsoft Azure Service Bus supports a set of cloud-based, message-oriented middleware technologies including reliable message queuing and durable publish/subscribe messaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-104">Microsoft Azure Service Bus supports a set of cloud-based, message-oriented middleware technologies including reliable message queuing and durable publish/subscribe messaging.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-105">These "brokered" messaging capabilities can be thought of as decoupled messaging features that support publish-subscribe, temporal decoupling, and load balancing scenarios using the Service Bus messaging fabric.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-105">These "brokered" messaging capabilities can be thought of as decoupled messaging features that support publish-subscribe, temporal decoupling, and load balancing scenarios using the Service Bus messaging fabric.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-106">Decoupled communication has many advantages; for example, clients and servers can connect as needed and perform their operations in an asynchronous fashion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-106">Decoupled communication has many advantages; for example, clients and servers can connect as needed and perform their operations in an asynchronous fashion.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-107">The messaging entities that form the core of the messaging capabilities in Service Bus are queues, topics and subscriptions, and rules/actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-107">The messaging entities that form the core of the messaging capabilities in Service Bus are queues, topics and subscriptions, and rules/actions.</span></span>

## <a name="queues"></a><span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-108">Queues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-108">Queues</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-109">Queues offer *First In, First Out* (FIFO) message delivery to one or more competing consumers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-109">Queues offer *First In, First Out* (FIFO) message delivery to one or more competing consumers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-110">That is, messages are typically expected to be received and processed by the receivers in the order in which they were added to the queue, and each message is received and processed by only one message consumer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-110">That is, messages are typically expected to be received and processed by the receivers in the order in which they were added to the queue, and each message is received and processed by only one message consumer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-111">A key benefit of using queues is to achieve "temporal decoupling" of application components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-111">A key benefit of using queues is to achieve "temporal decoupling" of application components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-112">In other words, the producers (senders) and consumers (receivers) do not have to be sending and receiving messages at the same time, because messages are stored durably in the queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-112">In other words, the producers (senders) and consumers (receivers) do not have to be sending and receiving messages at the same time, because messages are stored durably in the queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-113">Furthermore, the producer does not have to wait for a reply from the consumer in order to continue to process and send messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-113">Furthermore, the producer does not have to wait for a reply from the consumer in order to continue to process and send messages.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-114">A related benefit is "load leveling," which enables producers and consumers to send and receive messages at different rates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-114">A related benefit is "load leveling," which enables producers and consumers to send and receive messages at different rates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-115">In many applications, the system load varies over time; however, the processing time required for each unit of work is typically constant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-115">In many applications, the system load varies over time; however, the processing time required for each unit of work is typically constant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-116">Intermediating message producers and consumers with a queue means that the consuming application only has to be provisioned to be able to handle average load instead of peak load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-116">Intermediating message producers and consumers with a queue means that the consuming application only has to be provisioned to be able to handle average load instead of peak load.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-117">The depth of the queue grows and contracts as the incoming load varies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-117">The depth of the queue grows and contracts as the incoming load varies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-118">This directly saves money with regard to the amount of infrastructure required to service the application load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-118">This directly saves money with regard to the amount of infrastructure required to service the application load.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-119">As the load increases, more worker processes can be added to read from the queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-119">As the load increases, more worker processes can be added to read from the queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-120">Each message is processed by only one of the worker processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-120">Each message is processed by only one of the worker processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-121">Furthermore, this pull-based load balancing allows for optimum use of the worker computers even if the worker computers differ with regard to processing power, as they will pull messages at their own maximum rate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-121">Furthermore, this pull-based load balancing allows for optimum use of the worker computers even if the worker computers differ with regard to processing power, as they will pull messages at their own maximum rate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-122">This pattern is often termed the "competing consumer" pattern.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-122">This pattern is often termed the "competing consumer" pattern.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-123">Using queues to intermediate between message producers and consumers provides an inherent loose coupling between the components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-123">Using queues to intermediate between message producers and consumers provides an inherent loose coupling between the components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-124">Because producers and consumers are not aware of each other, a consumer can be upgraded without having any effect on the producer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-124">Because producers and consumers are not aware of each other, a consumer can be upgraded without having any effect on the producer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-125">Creating a queue is a multi-step process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-125">Creating a queue is a multi-step process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-126">You perform management operations for Service Bus messaging entities (both queues and topics) via the [Microsoft.ServiceBus.NamespaceManager](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#microsoft_servicebus_namespacemanager) class, which is constructed by supplying the base address of the Service Bus namespace and the user credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-126">You perform management operations for Service Bus messaging entities (both queues and topics) via the [Microsoft.ServiceBus.NamespaceManager](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#microsoft_servicebus_namespacemanager) class, which is constructed by supplying the base address of the Service Bus namespace and the user credentials.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-127">[NamespaceManager](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#microsoft_servicebus_namespacemanager) provides methods to create, enumerate and delete messaging entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-127">[NamespaceManager](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#microsoft_servicebus_namespacemanager) provides methods to create, enumerate and delete messaging entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-128">After creating a [Microsoft.ServiceBus.TokenProvider](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.tokenprovider#microsoft_servicebus_tokenprovider) object from the SAS name and key, and a service namespace management object, you can use the [Microsoft.ServiceBus.NamespaceManager.CreateQueue](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#Microsoft_ServiceBus_NamespaceManager_CreateQueue_System_String_) method to create the queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-128">After creating a [Microsoft.ServiceBus.TokenProvider](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.tokenprovider#microsoft_servicebus_tokenprovider) object from the SAS name and key, and a service namespace management object, you can use the [Microsoft.ServiceBus.NamespaceManager.CreateQueue](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#Microsoft_ServiceBus_NamespaceManager_CreateQueue_System_String_) method to create the queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-129">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-129">For example:</span></span>

```csharp
// Create management credentials
TokenProvider credentials = TokenProvider.CreateSharedAccessSignatureTokenProvider(sasKeyName,sasKeyValue);
// Create namespace client
NamespaceManager namespaceClient = new NamespaceManager(ServiceBusEnvironment.CreateServiceUri("sb", ServiceNamespace, string.Empty), credentials);
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-130">You can then create a queue object and a messaging factory with the Service Bus URI as an argument.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-130">You can then create a queue object and a messaging factory with the Service Bus URI as an argument.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-131">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-131">For example:</span></span>

```csharp
QueueDescription myQueue;
myQueue = namespaceClient.CreateQueue("TestQueue");
MessagingFactory factory = MessagingFactory.Create(ServiceBusEnvironment.CreateServiceUri("sb", ServiceNamespace, string.Empty), credentials); 
QueueClient myQueueClient = factory.CreateQueueClient("TestQueue");
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-132">You can then send messages to the queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-132">You can then send messages to the queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-133">For example, if you have a list of brokered messages called `MessageList`, the code appears similar to the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-133">For example, if you have a list of brokered messages called `MessageList`, the code appears similar to the following:</span></span>

```csharp
for (int count = 0; count < 6; count++)
{
    var issue = MessageList[count];
    issue.Label = issue.Properties["IssueTitle"].ToString();
    myQueueClient.Send(issue);
}
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-134">You then receive messages from the queue as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-134">You then receive messages from the queue as follows:</span></span>

```csharp
while ((message = myQueueClient.Receive(new TimeSpan(hours: 0, minutes: 0, seconds: 5))) != null)
    {
        Console.WriteLine(string.Format("Message received: {0}, {1}, {2}", message.SequenceNumber, message.Label, message.MessageId));
        message.Complete();

        Console.WriteLine("Processing message (sleeping...)");
        Thread.Sleep(1000);
    }
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-135">In the [ReceiveAndDelete](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.receivemode) mode, the receive operation is single-shot; that is, when Service Bus receives the request, it marks the message as being consumed and returns it to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-135">In the [ReceiveAndDelete](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.receivemode) mode, the receive operation is single-shot; that is, when Service Bus receives the request, it marks the message as being consumed and returns it to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-136">**ReceiveAndDelete** mode is the simplest model and works best for scenarios in which the application can tolerate not processing a message in the event of a failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-136">**ReceiveAndDelete** mode is the simplest model and works best for scenarios in which the application can tolerate not processing a message in the event of a failure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-137">To understand this, consider a scenario in which the consumer issues the receive request and then crashes before processing it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-137">To understand this, consider a scenario in which the consumer issues the receive request and then crashes before processing it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-138">Because Service Bus marks the message as being consumed, when the application restarts and begins consuming messages again, it will have missed the message that was consumed prior to the crash.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-138">Because Service Bus marks the message as being consumed, when the application restarts and begins consuming messages again, it will have missed the message that was consumed prior to the crash.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-139">In [PeekLock](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.receivemode) mode, the receive operation becomes two-stage, which makes it possible to support applications that cannot tolerate missing messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-139">In [PeekLock](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.receivemode) mode, the receive operation becomes two-stage, which makes it possible to support applications that cannot tolerate missing messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-140">When Service Bus receives the request, it finds the next message to be consumed, locks it to prevent other consumers from receiving it, and then returns it to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-140">When Service Bus receives the request, it finds the next message to be consumed, locks it to prevent other consumers from receiving it, and then returns it to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-141">After the application finishes processing the message (or stores it reliably for future processing), it completes the second stage of the receive process by calling [Complete](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Complete) on the received message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-141">After the application finishes processing the message (or stores it reliably for future processing), it completes the second stage of the receive process by calling [Complete](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Complete) on the received message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-142">When Service Bus sees the **Complete** call, it marks the message as being consumed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-142">When Service Bus sees the **Complete** call, it marks the message as being consumed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-143">If the application is unable to process the message for some reason, it can call the [Abandon](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Abandon) method on the received message (instead of [Complete](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Complete)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-143">If the application is unable to process the message for some reason, it can call the [Abandon](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Abandon) method on the received message (instead of [Complete](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Complete)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-144">This enables Service Bus to unlock the message and make it available to be received again, either by the same consumer or by another competing consumer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-144">This enables Service Bus to unlock the message and make it available to be received again, either by the same consumer or by another competing consumer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-145">Secondly, there is a timeout associated with the lock and if the application fails to process the message before the lock timeout expires (for example, if the application crashes), then Service Bus unlocks the message and makes it available to be received again (essentially performing an [Abandon](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Abandon) operation by default).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-145">Secondly, there is a timeout associated with the lock and if the application fails to process the message before the lock timeout expires (for example, if the application crashes), then Service Bus unlocks the message and makes it available to be received again (essentially performing an [Abandon](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Abandon) operation by default).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-146">Note that in the event that the application crashes after processing the message, but before the **Complete** request is issued, the message is redelivered to the application when it restarts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-146">Note that in the event that the application crashes after processing the message, but before the **Complete** request is issued, the message is redelivered to the application when it restarts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-147">This is often called *At Least Once* processing; that is, each message is processed at least once.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-147">This is often called *At Least Once* processing; that is, each message is processed at least once.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-148">However, in certain situations the same message may be redelivered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-148">However, in certain situations the same message may be redelivered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-149">If the scenario cannot tolerate duplicate processing, then additional logic is required in the application to detect duplicates which can be achieved based upon the **MessageId** property of the message, which remains constant across delivery attempts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-149">If the scenario cannot tolerate duplicate processing, then additional logic is required in the application to detect duplicates which can be achieved based upon the **MessageId** property of the message, which remains constant across delivery attempts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-150">This is known as *Exactly Once* processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-150">This is known as *Exactly Once* processing.</span></span>

## <a name="topics-and-subscriptions"></a><span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-151">Topics and subscriptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-151">Topics and subscriptions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-152">In contrast to queues, in which each message is processed by a single consumer, *topics* and *subscriptions* provide a one-to-many form of communication, in a *publish/subscribe* pattern.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-152">In contrast to queues, in which each message is processed by a single consumer, *topics* and *subscriptions* provide a one-to-many form of communication, in a *publish/subscribe* pattern.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-153">Useful for scaling to very large numbers of recipients, each published message is made available to each subscription registered with the topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-153">Useful for scaling to very large numbers of recipients, each published message is made available to each subscription registered with the topic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-154">Messages are sent to a topic and delivered to one or more associated subscriptions, depending on filter rules that can be set on a per-subscription basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-154">Messages are sent to a topic and delivered to one or more associated subscriptions, depending on filter rules that can be set on a per-subscription basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-155">The subscriptions can use additional filters to restrict the messages that they want to receive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-155">The subscriptions can use additional filters to restrict the messages that they want to receive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-156">Messages are sent to a topic in the same way they are sent to a queue, but messages are not received from the topic directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-156">Messages are sent to a topic in the same way they are sent to a queue, but messages are not received from the topic directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-157">Instead, they are received from subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-157">Instead, they are received from subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-158">A topic subscription resembles a virtual queue that receives copies of the messages that are sent to the topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-158">A topic subscription resembles a virtual queue that receives copies of the messages that are sent to the topic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-159">Messages are received from a subscription identically to the way they are received from a queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-159">Messages are received from a subscription identically to the way they are received from a queue.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-160">By way of comparison, the message-sending functionality of a queue maps directly to a topic and its message-receiving functionality maps to a subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-160">By way of comparison, the message-sending functionality of a queue maps directly to a topic and its message-receiving functionality maps to a subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-161">Among other things, this means that subscriptions support the same patterns described earlier in this section with regard to queues: competing consumer, temporal decoupling, load leveling, and load balancing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-161">Among other things, this means that subscriptions support the same patterns described earlier in this section with regard to queues: competing consumer, temporal decoupling, load leveling, and load balancing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-162">Creating a topic is similar to creating a queue, as shown in the example in the previous section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-162">Creating a topic is similar to creating a queue, as shown in the example in the previous section.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-163">Create the service URI, and then use the [NamespaceManager](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager) class to create the namespace client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-163">Create the service URI, and then use the [NamespaceManager](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager) class to create the namespace client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-164">You can then create a topic using the [CreateTopic](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#Microsoft_ServiceBus_NamespaceManager_CreateTopic_System_String_) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-164">You can then create a topic using the [CreateTopic](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.namespacemanager#Microsoft_ServiceBus_NamespaceManager_CreateTopic_System_String_) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-165">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-165">For example:</span></span>

```csharp
TopicDescription dataCollectionTopic = namespaceClient.CreateTopic("DataCollectionTopic");
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-166">Next, add subscriptions as desired:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-166">Next, add subscriptions as desired:</span></span>

```csharp
SubscriptionDescription myAgentSubscription = namespaceClient.CreateSubscription(myTopic.Path, "Inventory");
SubscriptionDescription myAuditSubscription = namespaceClient.CreateSubscription(myTopic.Path, "Dashboard");
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-167">You can then create a topic client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-167">You can then create a topic client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-168">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-168">For example:</span></span>

```csharp
MessagingFactory factory = MessagingFactory.Create(serviceUri, tokenProvider);
TopicClient myTopicClient = factory.CreateTopicClient(myTopic.Path)
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-169">Using the message sender, you can send and receive messages to and from the topic, as shown in the previous section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-169">Using the message sender, you can send and receive messages to and from the topic, as shown in the previous section.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-170">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-170">For example:</span></span>

```csharp
foreach (BrokeredMessage message in messageList)
{
    myTopicClient.Send(message);
    Console.WriteLine(
    string.Format("Message sent: Id = {0}, Body = {1}", message.MessageId, message.GetBody<string>()));
}
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-171">Similar to queues, messages are received from a subscription using a [SubscriptionClient](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.subscriptionclient) object instead of a [QueueClient](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.queueclient) object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-171">Similar to queues, messages are received from a subscription using a [SubscriptionClient](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.subscriptionclient) object instead of a [QueueClient](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.queueclient) object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-172">Create the subscription client, passing the name of the topic, the name of the subscription, and (optionally) the receive mode as parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-172">Create the subscription client, passing the name of the topic, the name of the subscription, and (optionally) the receive mode as parameters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-173">For example, with the **Inventory** subscription:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-173">For example, with the **Inventory** subscription:</span></span>

```csharp
// Create the subscription client
MessagingFactory factory = MessagingFactory.Create(serviceUri, tokenProvider); 

SubscriptionClient agentSubscriptionClient = factory.CreateSubscriptionClient("IssueTrackingTopic", "Inventory", ReceiveMode.PeekLock);
SubscriptionClient auditSubscriptionClient = factory.CreateSubscriptionClient("IssueTrackingTopic", "Dashboard", ReceiveMode.ReceiveAndDelete); 

while ((message = agentSubscriptionClient.Receive(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(5))) != null)
{
    Console.WriteLine("\nReceiving message from Inventory...");
    Console.WriteLine(string.Format("Message received: Id = {0}, Body = {1}", message.MessageId, message.GetBody<string>()));
    message.Complete();
}          

// Create a receiver using ReceiveAndDelete mode
while ((message = auditSubscriptionClient.Receive(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(5))) != null)
{
    Console.WriteLine("\nReceiving message from Dashboard...");
    Console.WriteLine(string.Format("Message received: Id = {0}, Body = {1}", message.MessageId, message.GetBody<string>()));
}
```

### <a name="rules-and-actions"></a><span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-174">Rules and actions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-174">Rules and actions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-175">In many scenarios, messages that have specific characteristics must be processed in different ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-175">In many scenarios, messages that have specific characteristics must be processed in different ways.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-176">To enable this, you can configure subscriptions to find messages that have desired properties and then perform certain modifications to those properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-176">To enable this, you can configure subscriptions to find messages that have desired properties and then perform certain modifications to those properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-177">While Service Bus subscriptions see all messages sent to the topic, you can only copy a subset of those messages to the virtual subscription queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-177">While Service Bus subscriptions see all messages sent to the topic, you can only copy a subset of those messages to the virtual subscription queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-178">This is accomplished using subscription filters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-178">This is accomplished using subscription filters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-179">Such modifications are called *filter actions*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-179">Such modifications are called *filter actions*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-180">When a subscription is created, you can supply a filter expression that operates on the properties of the message, both the system properties (for example, **Label**) and custom application properties (for example, **StoreName**.) The SQL filter expression is optional in this case; without a SQL filter expression, any filter action defined on a subscription will be performed on all the messages for that subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-180">When a subscription is created, you can supply a filter expression that operates on the properties of the message, both the system properties (for example, **Label**) and custom application properties (for example, **StoreName**.) The SQL filter expression is optional in this case; without a SQL filter expression, any filter action defined on a subscription will be performed on all the messages for that subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-181">Using the previous example, to filter messages coming only from **Store1**, you would create the Dashboard subscription as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-181">Using the previous example, to filter messages coming only from **Store1**, you would create the Dashboard subscription as follows:</span></span>

```csharp
namespaceManager.CreateSubscription("IssueTrackingTopic", "Dashboard", new SqlFilter("StoreName = 'Store1'"));
```

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-182">With this subscription filter in place, only messages that have the `StoreName` property set to `Store1` are copied to the virtual queue for the `Dashboard` subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-182">With this subscription filter in place, only messages that have the `StoreName` property set to `Store1` are copied to the virtual queue for the `Dashboard` subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-183">For more information about possible filter values, see the documentation for the [SqlFilter](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sqlfilter) and [SqlRuleAction](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sqlruleaction) classes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-183">For more information about possible filter values, see the documentation for the [SqlFilter](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sqlfilter) and [SqlRuleAction](/dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.sqlruleaction) classes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-184">Also, see the [Brokered Messaging: Advanced Filters](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Brokered-Messaging-6b0d2749) and [Topic Filters](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-servicebus-messaging-samples/tree/master/TopicFilters) samples.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-184">Also, see the [Brokered Messaging: Advanced Filters](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Brokered-Messaging-6b0d2749) and [Topic Filters](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-servicebus-messaging-samples/tree/master/TopicFilters) samples.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-185">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-185">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-186">See the following advanced topics for more information and examples of using Service Bus messaging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-186">See the following advanced topics for more information and examples of using Service Bus messaging.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-187">Service Bus messaging overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-187">Service Bus messaging overview</span></span>](service-bus-messaging-overview.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-188">Service Bus brokered messaging .NET tutorial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-188">Service Bus brokered messaging .NET tutorial</span></span>](service-bus-brokered-tutorial-dotnet.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-189">Service Bus brokered messaging REST tutorial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-189">Service Bus brokered messaging REST tutorial</span></span>](service-bus-brokered-tutorial-rest.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-190">Topic Filters sample </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-190">Topic Filters sample </span></span>](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-servicebus-messaging-samples/tree/master/TopicFilters)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1a4a9-191">Brokered Messaging: Advanced Filters sample</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1a4a9-191">Brokered Messaging: Advanced Filters sample</span></span>](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Brokered-Messaging-6b0d2749)

