---
title: Insulating Azure Service Bus applications against outages and disasters | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes techniques you can use to protect applications against a potential Service Bus outage.
services: service-bus-messaging
documentationcenter: na
author: sethmanheim
manager: timlt
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: fd9fa8ab-f4c4-43f7-974f-c876df1614d4
ms.service: service-bus-messaging
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 04/12/2017
ms.author: sethm
ms.openlocfilehash: bc84dbe5c26a834b2cff5f71ba5f541e94ba0b38
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553508"
---
# <a name="best-practices-for-insulating-applications-against-service-bus-outages-and-disasters"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-103">Best practices for insulating applications against Service Bus outages and disasters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-103">Best practices for insulating applications against Service Bus outages and disasters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-104">Mission-critical applications must operate continuously, even in the presence of unplanned outages or disasters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-104">Mission-critical applications must operate continuously, even in the presence of unplanned outages or disasters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-105">This topic describes techniques you can use to protect Service Bus applications against a potential service outage or disaster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-105">This topic describes techniques you can use to protect Service Bus applications against a potential service outage or disaster.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-106">An outage is defined as the temporary unavailability of Azure Service Bus.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-106">An outage is defined as the temporary unavailability of Azure Service Bus.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-107">The outage can affect some components of Service Bus, such as a messaging store, or even the entire datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-107">The outage can affect some components of Service Bus, such as a messaging store, or even the entire datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-108">After the problem has been fixed, Service Bus becomes available again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-108">After the problem has been fixed, Service Bus becomes available again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-109">Typically, an outage does not cause loss of messages or other data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-109">Typically, an outage does not cause loss of messages or other data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-110">An example of a component failure is the unavailability of a particular messaging store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-110">An example of a component failure is the unavailability of a particular messaging store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-111">An example of a datacenter-wide outage is a power failure of the datacenter, or a faulty datacenter network switch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-111">An example of a datacenter-wide outage is a power failure of the datacenter, or a faulty datacenter network switch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-112">An outage can last from a few minutes to a few days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-112">An outage can last from a few minutes to a few days.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-113">A disaster is defined as the permanent loss of a Service Bus scale unit or datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-113">A disaster is defined as the permanent loss of a Service Bus scale unit or datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-114">The datacenter may or may not become available again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-114">The datacenter may or may not become available again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-115">Typically a disaster causes loss of some or all messages or other data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-115">Typically a disaster causes loss of some or all messages or other data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-116">Examples of disasters are fire, flooding, or earthquake.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-116">Examples of disasters are fire, flooding, or earthquake.</span></span>

## <a name="current-architecture"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-117">Current architecture</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-117">Current architecture</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-118">Service Bus uses multiple messaging stores to store messages that are sent to queues or topics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-118">Service Bus uses multiple messaging stores to store messages that are sent to queues or topics.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-119">A non-partitioned queue or topic is assigned to one messaging store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-119">A non-partitioned queue or topic is assigned to one messaging store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-120">If this messaging store is unavailable, all operations on that queue or topic will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-120">If this messaging store is unavailable, all operations on that queue or topic will fail.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-121">All Service Bus messaging entities (queues, topics, relays) reside in a service namespace, which is affiliated with a datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-121">All Service Bus messaging entities (queues, topics, relays) reside in a service namespace, which is affiliated with a datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-122">Service Bus does not enable automatic geo-replication of data, nor does it allow a namespace to span multiple datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-122">Service Bus does not enable automatic geo-replication of data, nor does it allow a namespace to span multiple datacenters.</span></span>

## <a name="protecting-against-acs-outages"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-123">Protecting against ACS outages</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-123">Protecting against ACS outages</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-124">If you are using ACS credentials, and ACS becomes unavailable, clients can no longer obtain tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-124">If you are using ACS credentials, and ACS becomes unavailable, clients can no longer obtain tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-125">Clients that have a token at the time ACS goes down can continue to use Service Bus until the tokens expire.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-125">Clients that have a token at the time ACS goes down can continue to use Service Bus until the tokens expire.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-126">The default token lifetime is 3 hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-126">The default token lifetime is 3 hours.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-127">To protect against ACS outages, use Shared Access Signature (SAS) tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-127">To protect against ACS outages, use Shared Access Signature (SAS) tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-128">In this case, the client authenticates directly with Service Bus by signing a self-minted token with a secret key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-128">In this case, the client authenticates directly with Service Bus by signing a self-minted token with a secret key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-129">Calls to ACS are no longer required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-129">Calls to ACS are no longer required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-130">For more information about SAS tokens, see [Service Bus authentication][Service Bus authentication].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-130">For more information about SAS tokens, see [Service Bus authentication][Service Bus authentication].</span></span>

## <a name="protecting-queues-and-topics-against-messaging-store-failures"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-131">Protecting queues and topics against messaging store failures</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-131">Protecting queues and topics against messaging store failures</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-132">A non-partitioned queue or topic is assigned to one messaging store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-132">A non-partitioned queue or topic is assigned to one messaging store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-133">If this messaging store is unavailable, all operations on that queue or topic will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-133">If this messaging store is unavailable, all operations on that queue or topic will fail.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-134">A partitioned queue, on the other hand, consists of multiple fragments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-134">A partitioned queue, on the other hand, consists of multiple fragments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-135">Each fragment is stored in a different messaging store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-135">Each fragment is stored in a different messaging store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-136">When a message is sent to a partitioned queue or topic, Service Bus assigns the message to one of the fragments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-136">When a message is sent to a partitioned queue or topic, Service Bus assigns the message to one of the fragments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-137">If the corresponding messaging store is unavailable, Service Bus writes the message to a different fragment, if possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-137">If the corresponding messaging store is unavailable, Service Bus writes the message to a different fragment, if possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-138">For more information about partitioned entities, see [Partitioned messaging entities][Partitioned messaging entities].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-138">For more information about partitioned entities, see [Partitioned messaging entities][Partitioned messaging entities].</span></span>

## <a name="protecting-against-datacenter-outages-or-disasters"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-139">Protecting against datacenter outages or disasters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-139">Protecting against datacenter outages or disasters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-140">To allow for a failover between two datacenters, you can create a Service Bus service namespace in each datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-140">To allow for a failover between two datacenters, you can create a Service Bus service namespace in each datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-141">For example, the Service Bus service namespace **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net** might be located in the United States North/Central region, and **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net** might be located in the US South/Central region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-141">For example, the Service Bus service namespace **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net** might be located in the United States North/Central region, and **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net** might be located in the US South/Central region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-142">If a Service Bus messaging entity must remain accessible in the presence of a datacenter outage, you can create that entity in both namespaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-142">If a Service Bus messaging entity must remain accessible in the presence of a datacenter outage, you can create that entity in both namespaces.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-143">For more information, see the "Failure of Service Bus within an Azure datacenter" section in [Asynchronous messaging patterns and high availability][Asynchronous messaging patterns and high availability].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-143">For more information, see the "Failure of Service Bus within an Azure datacenter" section in [Asynchronous messaging patterns and high availability][Asynchronous messaging patterns and high availability].</span></span>

## <a name="protecting-relay-endpoints-against-datacenter-outages-or-disasters"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-144">Protecting relay endpoints against datacenter outages or disasters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-144">Protecting relay endpoints against datacenter outages or disasters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-145">Geo-replication of relay endpoints allows a service that exposes a relay endpoint to be reachable in the presence of Service Bus outages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-145">Geo-replication of relay endpoints allows a service that exposes a relay endpoint to be reachable in the presence of Service Bus outages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-146">To achieve geo-replication, the service must create two relay endpoints in different namespaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-146">To achieve geo-replication, the service must create two relay endpoints in different namespaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-147">The namespaces must reside in different datacenters and the two endpoints must have different names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-147">The namespaces must reside in different datacenters and the two endpoints must have different names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-148">For example, a primary endpoint can be reached under **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net/myPrimaryService**, while its secondary counterpart can be reached under **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net/mySecondaryService**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-148">For example, a primary endpoint can be reached under **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net/myPrimaryService**, while its secondary counterpart can be reached under **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net/mySecondaryService**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-149">The service then listens on both endpoints, and a client can invoke the service via either endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-149">The service then listens on both endpoints, and a client can invoke the service via either endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-150">A client application randomly picks one of the relays as the primary endpoint, and sends its request to the active endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-150">A client application randomly picks one of the relays as the primary endpoint, and sends its request to the active endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-151">If the operation fails with an error code, this failure indicates that the relay endpoint is not available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-151">If the operation fails with an error code, this failure indicates that the relay endpoint is not available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-152">The application opens a channel to the backup endpoint and reissues the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-152">The application opens a channel to the backup endpoint and reissues the request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-153">At that point the active and the backup endpoints switch roles: the client application considers the old active endpoint to be the new backup endpoint, and the old backup endpoint to be the new active endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-153">At that point the active and the backup endpoints switch roles: the client application considers the old active endpoint to be the new backup endpoint, and the old backup endpoint to be the new active endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-154">If both send operations fail, the roles of the two entities remain unchanged and an error is returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-154">If both send operations fail, the roles of the two entities remain unchanged and an error is returned.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-155">The [Geo-replication with Service Bus relayed messages][Geo-replication with Service Bus relayed Messages] sample demonstrates how to replicate relays.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-155">The [Geo-replication with Service Bus relayed messages][Geo-replication with Service Bus relayed Messages] sample demonstrates how to replicate relays.</span></span>

## <a name="protecting-queues-and-topics-against-datacenter-outages-or-disasters"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-156">Protecting queues and topics against datacenter outages or disasters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-156">Protecting queues and topics against datacenter outages or disasters</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-157">To achieve resilience against datacenter outages when using brokered messaging, Service Bus supports two approaches: *active* and *passive* replication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-157">To achieve resilience against datacenter outages when using brokered messaging, Service Bus supports two approaches: *active* and *passive* replication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-158">For each approach, if a given queue or topic must remain accessible in the presence of a datacenter outage, you can create it in both namespaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-158">For each approach, if a given queue or topic must remain accessible in the presence of a datacenter outage, you can create it in both namespaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-159">Both entities can have the same name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-159">Both entities can have the same name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-160">For example, a primary queue can be reached under **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net/myQueue**, while its secondary counterpart can be reached under **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net/myQueue**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-160">For example, a primary queue can be reached under **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net/myQueue**, while its secondary counterpart can be reached under **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net/myQueue**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-161">If the application does not require permanent sender-to-receiver communication, the application can implement a durable client-side queue to prevent message loss and to shield the sender from any transient Service Bus errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-161">If the application does not require permanent sender-to-receiver communication, the application can implement a durable client-side queue to prevent message loss and to shield the sender from any transient Service Bus errors.</span></span>

## <a name="active-replication"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-162">Active replication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-162">Active replication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-163">Active replication uses entities in both namespaces for every operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-163">Active replication uses entities in both namespaces for every operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-164">Any client that sends a message sends two copies of the same message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-164">Any client that sends a message sends two copies of the same message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-165">The first copy is sent to the primary entity (for example, **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net/sales**), and the second copy of the message is sent to the secondary entity (for example, **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net/sales**).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-165">The first copy is sent to the primary entity (for example, **contosoPrimary.servicebus.windows.net/sales**), and the second copy of the message is sent to the secondary entity (for example, **contosoSecondary.servicebus.windows.net/sales**).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-166">A client receives messages from both queues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-166">A client receives messages from both queues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-167">The receiver processes the first copy of a message, and the second copy is suppressed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-167">The receiver processes the first copy of a message, and the second copy is suppressed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-168">To suppress duplicate messages, the sender must tag each message with a unique identifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-168">To suppress duplicate messages, the sender must tag each message with a unique identifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-169">Both copies of the message must be tagged with the same identifier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-169">Both copies of the message must be tagged with the same identifier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-170">You can use the [BrokeredMessage.MessageId][BrokeredMessage.MessageId] or [BrokeredMessage.Label][BrokeredMessage.Label] properties, or a custom property to tag the message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-170">You can use the [BrokeredMessage.MessageId][BrokeredMessage.MessageId] or [BrokeredMessage.Label][BrokeredMessage.Label] properties, or a custom property to tag the message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-171">The receiver must maintain a list of messages that it has already received.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-171">The receiver must maintain a list of messages that it has already received.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-172">The [Geo-replication with Service Bus Brokered Messages][Geo-replication with Service Bus Brokered Messages] sample demonstrates active replication of messaging entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-172">The [Geo-replication with Service Bus Brokered Messages][Geo-replication with Service Bus Brokered Messages] sample demonstrates active replication of messaging entities.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-173">The active replication approach doubles the number of operations, therefore this approach can lead to higher cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-173">The active replication approach doubles the number of operations, therefore this approach can lead to higher cost.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="passive-replication"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-174">Passive replication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-174">Passive replication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-175">In the fault-free case, passive replication uses only one of the two messaging entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-175">In the fault-free case, passive replication uses only one of the two messaging entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-176">A client sends the message to the active entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-176">A client sends the message to the active entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-177">If the operation on the active entity fails with an error code that indicates the datacenter that hosts the active entity might be unavailable, the client sends a copy of the message to the backup entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-177">If the operation on the active entity fails with an error code that indicates the datacenter that hosts the active entity might be unavailable, the client sends a copy of the message to the backup entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-178">At that point the active and the backup entities switch roles: the sending client considers the old active entity to be the new backup entity, and the old backup entity is the new active entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-178">At that point the active and the backup entities switch roles: the sending client considers the old active entity to be the new backup entity, and the old backup entity is the new active entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-179">If both send operations fail, the roles of the two entities remain unchanged and an error is returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-179">If both send operations fail, the roles of the two entities remain unchanged and an error is returned.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-180">A client receives messages from both queues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-180">A client receives messages from both queues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-181">Because there is a chance that the receiver receives two copies of the same message, the receiver must suppress duplicate messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-181">Because there is a chance that the receiver receives two copies of the same message, the receiver must suppress duplicate messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-182">You can suppress duplicates in the same way as described for active replication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-182">You can suppress duplicates in the same way as described for active replication.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-183">In general, passive replication is more economical than active replication because in most cases only one operation is performed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-183">In general, passive replication is more economical than active replication because in most cases only one operation is performed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-184">Latency, throughput, and monetary cost are identical to the non-replicated scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-184">Latency, throughput, and monetary cost are identical to the non-replicated scenario.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-185">When using passive replication, in the following scenarios messages can be lost or received twice:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-185">When using passive replication, in the following scenarios messages can be lost or received twice:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="aece7-186">**Message delay or loss**: Assume that the sender successfully sent a message m1 to the primary queue, and then the queue becomes unavailable before the receiver receives m1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-186">**Message delay or loss**: Assume that the sender successfully sent a message m1 to the primary queue, and then the queue becomes unavailable before the receiver receives m1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-187">The sender sends a subsequent message m2 to the secondary queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-187">The sender sends a subsequent message m2 to the secondary queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-188">If the primary queue is temporarily unavailable, the receiver receives m1 after the queue becomes available again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-188">If the primary queue is temporarily unavailable, the receiver receives m1 after the queue becomes available again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-189">In case of a disaster, the receiver may never receive m1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-189">In case of a disaster, the receiver may never receive m1.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="aece7-190">**Duplicate reception**: Assume that the sender sends a message m to the primary queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-190">**Duplicate reception**: Assume that the sender sends a message m to the primary queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-191">Service Bus successfully processes m but fails to send a response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-191">Service Bus successfully processes m but fails to send a response.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-192">After the send operation times out, the sender sends an identical copy of m to the secondary queue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-192">After the send operation times out, the sender sends an identical copy of m to the secondary queue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-193">If the receiver is able to receive the first copy of m before the primary queue becomes unavailable, the receiver receives both copies of m at approximately the same time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-193">If the receiver is able to receive the first copy of m before the primary queue becomes unavailable, the receiver receives both copies of m at approximately the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aece7-194">If the receiver is not able to receive the first copy of m before the primary queue becomes unavailable, the receiver initially receives only the second copy of m, but then receives a second copy of m when the primary queue becomes available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-194">If the receiver is not able to receive the first copy of m before the primary queue becomes unavailable, the receiver initially receives only the second copy of m, but then receives a second copy of m when the primary queue becomes available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aece7-195">The [Geo-replication with Service Bus brokered messages][Geo-replication with Service Bus Brokered Messages] sample demonstrates passive replication of messaging entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-195">The [Geo-replication with Service Bus brokered messages][Geo-replication with Service Bus Brokered Messages] sample demonstrates passive replication of messaging entities.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="aece7-196">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-196">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="aece7-197">To learn more about disaster recovery, see these articles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-197">To learn more about disaster recovery, see these articles:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="aece7-198">[Azure SQL Database Business Continuity][Azure SQL Database Business Continuity]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-198">[Azure SQL Database Business Continuity][Azure SQL Database Business Continuity]</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="aece7-199">[Designing resilient applications for Azure][Azure resiliency technical guidance]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aece7-199">[Designing resilient applications for Azure][Azure resiliency technical guidance]</span></span>

[Service Bus Authentication]: service-bus-authentication-and-authorization.md
[Partitioned messaging entities]: service-bus-partitioning.md
[Asynchronous messaging patterns and high availability]: service-bus-async-messaging.md#failure-of-service-bus-within-an-azure-datacenter
[Geo-replication with Service Bus Relayed Messages]: http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Geo-replication-with-16dbfecd
[BrokeredMessage.MessageId]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_MessageId
[BrokeredMessage.Label]: /dotnet/api/microsoft.servicebus.messaging.brokeredmessage#Microsoft_ServiceBus_Messaging_BrokeredMessage_Label
[Geo-replication with Service Bus Brokered Messages]: http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Geo-replication-with-f5688664
[Azure SQL Database Business Continuity]: ../sql-database/sql-database-business-continuity.md
[Azure resiliency technical guidance]: /azure/architecture/resiliency
