<span data-ttu-id="80749-101">Organizations are using more [Software as a Service (SaaS)](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-saas/) applications for productivity because cloud technology and tools are becoming more readily available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-101">Organizations are using more [Software as a Service (SaaS)](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/what-is-saas/) applications for productivity because cloud technology and tools are becoming more readily available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-102">As the number of SaaS apps grows, it becomes challenging for the administrators to manage accounts and access rights, and for the users to remember their different passwords.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-102">As the number of SaaS apps grows, it becomes challenging for the administrators to manage accounts and access rights, and for the users to remember their different passwords.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-103">Managing these applications individually creates extra work and is less secure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-103">Managing these applications individually creates extra work and is less secure.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="80749-104">Employees who have to keep track of many passwords tend to use less-secure methods to remember them, either writing down passwords or using the same passwords across many accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-104">Employees who have to keep track of many passwords tend to use less-secure methods to remember them, either writing down passwords or using the same passwords across many accounts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="80749-105">When a new employee arrives or one leaves, all their accounts must be individually provisioned or de-provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-105">When a new employee arrives or one leaves, all their accounts must be individually provisioned or de-provisioned.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="80749-106">Additionally, employees may start using SaaS apps for their work without going through IT, which means they are creating their own accounts on systems that the IT administrators haven't approved and aren't monitoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-106">Additionally, employees may start using SaaS apps for their work without going through IT, which means they are creating their own accounts on systems that the IT administrators haven't approved and aren't monitoring.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="80749-107">A solution for all of these challenges is single sign-on (SSO).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-107">A solution for all of these challenges is single sign-on (SSO).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-108">It's the simplest way to manage multiple apps and provide users with a consistent sign-on experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-108">It's the simplest way to manage multiple apps and provide users with a consistent sign-on experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-109">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) provides a robust SSO solution and has many available pre-integrated applications, with tutorials for admins to quickly set up a new app and start provisioning users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-109">Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) provides a robust SSO solution and has many available pre-integrated applications, with tutorials for admins to quickly set up a new app and start provisioning users.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-azure-active-directory-integrate-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="80749-110">How does Azure Active Directory integrate apps?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-110">How does Azure Active Directory integrate apps?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="80749-111">Azure AD allows you to integrate your apps and provisioned accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-111">Azure AD allows you to integrate your apps and provisioned accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-112">This can be done through either of two approaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-112">This can be done through either of two approaches.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="80749-113">If the app is pre-integrated in the app Gallery, you can go through that portal to set up apps and configure the settings to allow SSO.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-113">If the app is pre-integrated in the app Gallery, you can go through that portal to set up apps and configure the settings to allow SSO.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-114">For any Gallery app, you can get started by follow the simple step-by-step instructions presented in the app gallery and in the Azure portal to enable single sign-on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-114">For any Gallery app, you can get started by follow the simple step-by-step instructions presented in the app gallery and in the Azure portal to enable single sign-on.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="80749-115">If the app is not in the Gallery, you can still set up most apps in Azure AD as a custom app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-115">If the app is not in the Gallery, you can still set up most apps in Azure AD as a custom app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-116">This requires a bit more technical expertise to configure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-116">This requires a bit more technical expertise to configure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-117">You can add any application that supports SAML 2.0 as a federated app, or any application that has an HTML-based sign-in page as a password SSO app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-117">You can add any application that supports SAML 2.0 as a federated app, or any application that has an HTML-based sign-in page as a password SSO app.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80749-118">In the case where users have created their own accounts for SaaS apps that aren't managed by IT, the [Cloud App Discovery](../articles/active-directory/active-directory-cloudappdiscovery-whatis.md) tool provides a solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-118">In the case where users have created their own accounts for SaaS apps that aren't managed by IT, the [Cloud App Discovery](../articles/active-directory/active-directory-cloudappdiscovery-whatis.md) tool provides a solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-119">This tool monitors the web traffic to identify which apps are being used throughout the organization, and the number of people using each of them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-119">This tool monitors the web traffic to identify which apps are being used throughout the organization, and the number of people using each of them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80749-120">IT can use this information to learn what apps the users prefer and decide which to integrate into Azure AD for SSO.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-120">IT can use this information to learn what apps the users prefer and decide which to integrate into Azure AD for SSO.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="80749-121">When you integrate an app into Azure AD, you can map the users' established application identities to their respective Azure AD identities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80749-121">When you integrate an app into Azure AD, you can map the users' established application identities to their respective Azure AD identities.</span></span>  

