<span data-ttu-id="49440-101">There are two options for moving from Mobile Services to App Service: migration or upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49440-101">There are two options for moving from Mobile Services to App Service: migration or upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="49440-102">Either option will give you access to all of the hosting capabilities of App Service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49440-102">Either option will give you access to all of the hosting capabilities of App Service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="49440-103">*Migrating* a service just changes the underlying environment that hosts your mobile backend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49440-103">*Migrating* a service just changes the underlying environment that hosts your mobile backend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="49440-104">It requires **no code changes** to either the mobile client or the mobile server project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49440-104">It requires **no code changes** to either the mobile client or the mobile server project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="49440-105">If you use the automated migration option, this preserves your **service.azure-mobile.net** URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49440-105">If you use the automated migration option, this preserves your **service.azure-mobile.net** URL.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="49440-106">*Upgrading* a service does **require code changes** to both your server and client project, but allows you to take advantage of new mobile SDK features, such as improvements to authentication and more flexibility for your server project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="49440-106">*Upgrading* a service does **require code changes** to both your server and client project, but allows you to take advantage of new mobile SDK features, such as improvements to authentication and more flexibility for your server project.</span></span> 

