<span data-ttu-id="1f77f-101">Because of ongoing development, the Android SDK version installed in Android Studio might not match the version in the code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-101">Because of ongoing development, the Android SDK version installed in Android Studio might not match the version in the code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-102">The Android SDK referenced in this tutorial is version 23, the latest at the time of writing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-102">The Android SDK referenced in this tutorial is version 23, the latest at the time of writing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-103">The version number may increase as new releases of the SDK appear, and we recommend using the latest version available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-103">The version number may increase as new releases of the SDK appear, and we recommend using the latest version available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1f77f-104">Two symptoms of version mismatch are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-104">Two symptoms of version mismatch are:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-105">When you build or rebuild the project, you may get Gradle error messages like "**failed to find target Google Inc.:Google APIs:n**".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-105">When you build or rebuild the project, you may get Gradle error messages like "**failed to find target Google Inc.:Google APIs:n**".</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-106">Standard Android objects in code that should resolve based on `import` statements may be generating error messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-106">Standard Android objects in code that should resolve based on `import` statements may be generating error messages.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1f77f-107">If either of these appears, the version of the Android SDK installed in Android Studio might not match the SDK target of the downloaded project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-107">If either of these appears, the version of the Android SDK installed in Android Studio might not match the SDK target of the downloaded project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-108">To verify the version, make the following changes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-108">To verify the version, make the following changes:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-109">In Android Studio, click **Tools** > **Android** > **SDK Manager**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-109">In Android Studio, click **Tools** > **Android** > **SDK Manager**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-110">If you have not installed the latest version of the SDK Platform, then click to install it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-110">If you have not installed the latest version of the SDK Platform, then click to install it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-111">Make a note of the version number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-111">Make a note of the version number.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-112">On the **Project Explorer** tab, under **Gradle Scripts**, open the file **build.gradle (modeule: app)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-112">On the **Project Explorer** tab, under **Gradle Scripts**, open the file **build.gradle (modeule: app)**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-113">Ensure that the **compileSdkVersion** and **buildToolsVersion** are set to the latest SDK version installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-113">Ensure that the **compileSdkVersion** and **buildToolsVersion** are set to the latest SDK version installed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-114">The tags might look like this:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-114">The tags might look like this:</span></span>

             compileSdkVersion 'Google Inc.:Google APIs:23'
            buildToolsVersion "23.0.2"
3. <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-115">In the Android Studio Project Explorer, right-click the project node, choose **Properties**, and in the left column choose **Android**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-115">In the Android Studio Project Explorer, right-click the project node, choose **Properties**, and in the left column choose **Android**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1f77f-116">Ensure that the **Project Build Target** is set to the same SDK version as the **targetSdkVersion**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-116">Ensure that the **Project Build Target** is set to the same SDK version as the **targetSdkVersion**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1f77f-117">In Android Studio, the manifest file is no longer used to specify the target SDK and minimum SDK version, unlike the case with Eclipse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1f77f-117">In Android Studio, the manifest file is no longer used to specify the target SDK and minimum SDK version, unlike the case with Eclipse.</span></span>
