<span data-ttu-id="5283e-101">Most of the time authentication errors result from incorrect or inconsistent configuration settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-101">Most of the time authentication errors result from incorrect or inconsistent configuration settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-102">Here are some specific suggestions for things to check.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-102">Here are some specific suggestions for things to check.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-103">Make sure that you didn't miss the **Save** button anywhere.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-103">Make sure that you didn't miss the **Save** button anywhere.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-104">This is often easy to do, and the result is that you'll be looking at the correct values on a portal page but they haven't actually been saved in the Azure environment or Azure AD application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-104">This is often easy to do, and the result is that you'll be looking at the correct values on a portal page but they haven't actually been saved in the Azure environment or Azure AD application.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-105">For settings configured in the **Application Settings** blade of the Azure portal, make sure that the correct API app or web app was selected when the settings were entered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-105">For settings configured in the **Application Settings** blade of the Azure portal, make sure that the correct API app or web app was selected when the settings were entered.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5283e-106">Also make sure that the settings were entered as **App settings** and not **Connection strings**, as the format of the two sections is similar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-106">Also make sure that the settings were entered as **App settings** and not **Connection strings**, as the format of the two sections is similar.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-107">For authentication to a JavaScript front end, download the manifest again to verify that `oauth2AllowImplicitFlow` was successfully changed to `true`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-107">For authentication to a JavaScript front end, download the manifest again to verify that `oauth2AllowImplicitFlow` was successfully changed to `true`.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-108">Verify that you used HTTPS wherever you configured URLs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-108">Verify that you used HTTPS wherever you configured URLs:</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="5283e-109">In project code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-109">In project code</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="5283e-110">In CORS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-110">In CORS</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="5283e-111">In Azure environment App settings for each API app and web app</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-111">In Azure environment App settings for each API app and web app</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="5283e-112">In Azure AD application settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-112">In Azure AD application settings.</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="5283e-113">Note that if you copy an API app's URL from the portal, it often has `http://` and you have to manually change it to `https://`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-113">Note that if you copy an API app's URL from the portal, it often has `http://` and you have to manually change it to `https://`.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-114">Make sure that any code changes were successfully deployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-114">Make sure that any code changes were successfully deployed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-115">For example, in a multiple-project solution it's possible to change a project's code and accidentally choose one of the others when you intend to deploy the change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-115">For example, in a multiple-project solution it's possible to change a project's code and accidentally choose one of the others when you intend to deploy the change.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-116">Make sure that you are going to HTTPS URLs in your browser, not HTTP URLs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-116">Make sure that you are going to HTTPS URLs in your browser, not HTTP URLs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-117">By default, Visual Studio creates publish profiles with HTTP URLs, and that's what opens in the browser after you deploy a project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-117">By default, Visual Studio creates publish profiles with HTTP URLs, and that's what opens in the browser after you deploy a project.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-118">For authentication to a JavaScript front end, make sure that CORS is correctly configured on the API app that the JavaScript code calls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-118">For authentication to a JavaScript front end, make sure that CORS is correctly configured on the API app that the JavaScript code calls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-119">If in doubt about whether the problem is CORS-related, try "\*" as the allowed origin URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-119">If in doubt about whether the problem is CORS-related, try "\*" as the allowed origin URL.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-120">For a JavaScript front end, open your browser's Developer Tools Console tab to get more error information, and examine HTTP requests on the Network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-120">For a JavaScript front end, open your browser's Developer Tools Console tab to get more error information, and examine HTTP requests on the Network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-121">However, Console error messages may be misleading.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-121">However, Console error messages may be misleading.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-122">If you get a message indicating a CORS error, the real issue may be authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-122">If you get a message indicating a CORS error, the real issue may be authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-123">You can check if this is the case by running the app with authentication temporarily temporarily disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-123">You can check if this is the case by running the app with authentication temporarily temporarily disabled.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-124">For a .NET API app, make sure you are getting as much information in error messages as possible by setting [customErrors mode to Off](../articles/app-service-web/web-sites-dotnet-troubleshoot-visual-studio.md#remoteview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-124">For a .NET API app, make sure you are getting as much information in error messages as possible by setting [customErrors mode to Off](../articles/app-service-web/web-sites-dotnet-troubleshoot-visual-studio.md#remoteview).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-125">For a .NET API app, start a [remote debugging session](../articles/app-service-web/web-sites-dotnet-troubleshoot-visual-studio.md#remotedebug), and examine the values of the variables that are passed to code that uses ADAL to acquire a bearer token, or code that checks claims against the expected service principal ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-125">For a .NET API app, start a [remote debugging session](../articles/app-service-web/web-sites-dotnet-troubleshoot-visual-studio.md#remotedebug), and examine the values of the variables that are passed to code that uses ADAL to acquire a bearer token, or code that checks claims against the expected service principal ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-126">Note that your code can pick up configuration values from many different sources, so it's possible to find surprises this way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-126">Note that your code can pick up configuration values from many different sources, so it's possible to find surprises this way.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5283e-127">For example, if you mistype `ida:ClientId` as `ida:ClientID` when configuring Azure App Service environment settings, the code might get the `ida:ClientId` value that it's looking for from the Web.config file, ignoring the Azure App Service setting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-127">For example, if you mistype `ida:ClientId` as `ida:ClientID` when configuring Azure App Service environment settings, the code might get the `ida:ClientId` value that it's looking for from the Web.config file, ignoring the Azure App Service setting.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="5283e-128">If things don't work in a normal Internet Explorer window, an existing log-in may be interfering; try InPrivate and try Chrome or Firefox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5283e-128">If things don't work in a normal Internet Explorer window, an existing log-in may be interfering; try InPrivate and try Chrome or Firefox.</span></span>

