## <a name="understanding-azure-resource-templates-and-resource-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="29bc8-101">Understanding Azure resource templates and resource groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-101">Understanding Azure resource templates and resource groups</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="29bc8-102">Most applications that are deployed and run in Microsoft Azure are built out of a combination of different cloud resource types (e.g. one or more VMs and Storage accounts, a SQL database, a virtual network, a CDN, etc).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-102">Most applications that are deployed and run in Microsoft Azure are built out of a combination of different cloud resource types (e.g. one or more VMs and Storage accounts, a SQL database, a virtual network, a CDN, etc).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="29bc8-103">[Azure Resource Manager templates](../articles/resource-group-authoring-templates.md) make it possible for you to deploy and manage these different resources together by using a JSON description of the resources and associated configuration and deployment parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-103">[Azure Resource Manager templates](../articles/resource-group-authoring-templates.md) make it possible for you to deploy and manage these different resources together by using a JSON description of the resources and associated configuration and deployment parameters.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="29bc8-104">Once you have defined a JSON based resource template, you can execute it and have the resources defined within it be deployed in Azure using a PowerShell command.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-104">Once you have defined a JSON based resource template, you can execute it and have the resources defined within it be deployed in Azure using a PowerShell command.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="29bc8-105">You can run this PowerShell command either standalone within the PowerShell command shell, or you can integrate it within a PowerShell script that contains additional automation logic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-105">You can run this PowerShell command either standalone within the PowerShell command shell, or you can integrate it within a PowerShell script that contains additional automation logic.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="29bc8-106">The resources you create using Azure Resource Manager templates will be deployed to either a new or existing Azure resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-106">The resources you create using Azure Resource Manager templates will be deployed to either a new or existing Azure resource group.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="29bc8-107">An Azure resource group allows you to manage multiple deployed resources together as a logical group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-107">An Azure resource group allows you to manage multiple deployed resources together as a logical group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="29bc8-108">Typically, a group will contain resources related to a specific application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-108">Typically, a group will contain resources related to a specific application.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="29bc8-109">Azure resource groups provide a way to manage the overall lifecycle of the group/application and provide management APIs that allow you to stop/start/delete all of the resources within the group at once, apply Role Based Access Control (RBAC) rules to lock down security permissions on them, audit operations, as well as tag resources with additional meta-data for better tracking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-109">Azure resource groups provide a way to manage the overall lifecycle of the group/application and provide management APIs that allow you to stop/start/delete all of the resources within the group at once, apply Role Based Access Control (RBAC) rules to lock down security permissions on them, audit operations, as well as tag resources with additional meta-data for better tracking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="29bc8-110">To learn more about Azure Resource Groups, see the [Azure Resource Manager Overview](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/resource-group-overview/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-110">To learn more about Azure Resource Groups, see the [Azure Resource Manager Overview](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/resource-group-overview/).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="29bc8-111">The following automation examples demonstrate how to use Azure Resource Manager Templates and deploy Resource Groups using PowerShell or CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="29bc8-111">The following automation examples demonstrate how to use Azure Resource Manager Templates and deploy Resource Groups using PowerShell or CLI.</span></span>

