<span data-ttu-id="61759-101">An Azure virtual machine supports attaching a number of data disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-101">An Azure virtual machine supports attaching a number of data disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61759-102">For optimal performance, you will want to limit the number of highly utilized disks attached to the virtual machine to avoid possible throttling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-102">For optimal performance, you will want to limit the number of highly utilized disks attached to the virtual machine to avoid possible throttling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61759-103">If all disks are not being highly utilized at the same time, the storage account can support a larger number disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-103">If all disks are not being highly utilized at the same time, the storage account can support a larger number disks.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="61759-104">**For Azure Managed Disks:** Managed Disks count limit is regional for the subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-104">**For Azure Managed Disks:** Managed Disks count limit is regional for the subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61759-105">The default soft limit is 2,000 per region per subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-105">The default soft limit is 2,000 per region per subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61759-106">To increase your limit, contact Azure support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-106">To increase your limit, contact Azure support.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="61759-107">Managed Snapshots and Images are counted against the Managed Disks limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-107">Managed Snapshots and Images are counted against the Managed Disks limit.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="61759-108">**For standard storage accounts:** A standard storage account has a maximum total request rate of 20,000 IOPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-108">**For standard storage accounts:** A standard storage account has a maximum total request rate of 20,000 IOPS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61759-109">The total IOPS across all of your virtual machine disks in a standard storage account should not exceed this limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-109">The total IOPS across all of your virtual machine disks in a standard storage account should not exceed this limit.</span></span>
  
    <span data-ttu-id="61759-110">You can roughly calculate the number of highly utilized disks supported by a single standard storage account based on the request rate limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-110">You can roughly calculate the number of highly utilized disks supported by a single standard storage account based on the request rate limit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61759-111">For example, for a Basic Tier VM, the maximum number of highly utilized disks is about 66 (20,000/300 IOPS per disk), and for a Standard Tier VM, it is about 40 (20,000/500 IOPS per disk), as shown in the table below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-111">For example, for a Basic Tier VM, the maximum number of highly utilized disks is about 66 (20,000/300 IOPS per disk), and for a Standard Tier VM, it is about 40 (20,000/500 IOPS per disk), as shown in the table below.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="61759-112">**For premium storage accounts:** A premium storage account has a maximum total throughput rate of 50 Gbps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-112">**For premium storage accounts:** A premium storage account has a maximum total throughput rate of 50 Gbps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61759-113">The total throughput across all of your VM disks should not exceed this limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61759-113">The total throughput across all of your VM disks should not exceed this limit.</span></span>

