<span data-ttu-id="a1980-101">These use and display requirements apply to your implementation of the content and associated information (for example, relationships, metadata and other signals) available through calls to the Bing Web Search, Image Search, Video Search, and News Search APIs, Bing Spell Check and Bing Autosuggest APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-101">These use and display requirements apply to your implementation of the content and associated information (for example, relationships, metadata and other signals) available through calls to the Bing Web Search, Image Search, Video Search, and News Search APIs, Bing Spell Check and Bing Autosuggest APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-102">Implementation details related to these requirements can be found in documentation for specific features and results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-102">Implementation details related to these requirements can be found in documentation for specific features and results.</span></span>

## <a name="1--bing-spell-check-api-and-bing-autosuggest-api--you-must-not"></a><span data-ttu-id="a1980-103">1.  BING SPELL CHECK API and BING AUTOSUGGEST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-103">1.  BING SPELL CHECK API and BING AUTOSUGGEST API.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="a1980-104">You must not:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-104">You must not:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-105">copy, store, or cache any data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs; or use data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-105">copy, store, or cache any data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs; or use data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-106">use data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-106">use data you receive from the Bing Spell Check or Bing Autosuggest APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span></span>

## <a name="2--bing-web-search-image-search-news-search-and-video-search-apis-the-search-apis"></a><span data-ttu-id="a1980-107">2.  BING WEB SEARCH, IMAGE SEARCH, NEWS SEARCH and VIDEO SEARCH APIs (the "Search APIs"):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-107">2.  BING WEB SEARCH, IMAGE SEARCH, NEWS SEARCH and VIDEO SEARCH APIs (the "Search APIs"):</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-108">**Definitions.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-108">**Definitions.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-109">The following definitions apply in Sections 2 through 7 of these use and display requirements:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-109">The following definitions apply in Sections 2 through 7 of these use and display requirements:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-110">"answer" refers to a category of results returned in a response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-110">"answer" refers to a category of results returned in a response.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-111">For example, a response from the Bing Web Search API may include answers in the categories of webpage results, image, video, and news;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-111">For example, a response from the Bing Web Search API may include answers in the categories of webpage results, image, video, and news;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-112">"response" means any and all answers and associated data received in response to a single call to a Search API;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-112">"response" means any and all answers and associated data received in response to a single call to a Search API;</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-113">"result" refers to an item of information in an answer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-113">"result" refers to an item of information in an answer.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="a1980-114">For example, the set of data connected with a single news article is a result in a news answer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-114">For example, the set of data connected with a single news article is a result in a news answer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-115">**Internet search experience.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-115">**Internet search experience.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-116">All data returned in responses may only be used in Internet search experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-116">All data returned in responses may only be used in Internet search experiences.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-117">An Internet search experience means the content displayed, as applicable:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-117">An Internet search experience means the content displayed, as applicable:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-118">is relevant and responsive to the end user's direct query or other indication of the user's search interest and intent (e.g., user-indicated search query);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-118">is relevant and responsive to the end user's direct query or other indication of the user's search interest and intent (e.g., user-indicated search query);</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-119">helps users find and navigate to the sources of data (e.g., the provided URLs are implemented as hyperlinks so the content or attribution is a clickable link conspicuously displayed with the data);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-119">helps users find and navigate to the sources of data (e.g., the provided URLs are implemented as hyperlinks so the content or attribution is a clickable link conspicuously displayed with the data);</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-120">includes multiple results for the end user to select from (e.g., several results from the news answer are displayed, or all results if fewer than several are returned);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-120">includes multiple results for the end user to select from (e.g., several results from the news answer are displayed, or all results if fewer than several are returned);</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-121">is limited to an amount appropriate to serve the search purpose (e.g., image thumbnails are thumbnail-sized in proportion to the user's display);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-121">is limited to an amount appropriate to serve the search purpose (e.g., image thumbnails are thumbnail-sized in proportion to the user's display);</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-122">includes visible indication to the end user that the content is Internet search results (e.g., a statement that the content is "From the web"); and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-122">includes visible indication to the end user that the content is Internet search results (e.g., a statement that the content is "From the web"); and</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-123">includes any other combination of measures appropriate to ensure your use of data received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third party rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-123">includes any other combination of measures appropriate to ensure your use of data received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third party rights.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="a1980-124">Please consult your legal advisors to determine what measures may be appropriate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-124">Please consult your legal advisors to determine what measures may be appropriate.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-125">The only exception to the internet search experience requirement is for URL discovery as described in Section 7 (Non-display URL discovery) below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-125">The only exception to the internet search experience requirement is for URL discovery as described in Section 7 (Non-display URL discovery) below.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-126">**General.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-126">**General.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-127">You must not:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-127">You must not:</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-128">copy, store, or cache any data from responses (except retention to the extent permitted by the "Continuity of Service" section below);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-128">copy, store, or cache any data from responses (except retention to the extent permitted by the "Continuity of Service" section below);</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-129">modify content of results (other than to reformat them in a way that does not violate any other requirement);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-129">modify content of results (other than to reformat them in a way that does not violate any other requirement);</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-130">omit attribution and URLs associated with result content;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-130">omit attribution and URLs associated with result content;</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-131">re-order (including by omission) results displayed in an answer when an order or ranking is provided;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-131">re-order (including by omission) results displayed in an answer when an order or ranking is provided;</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-132">display other content within any part of a response in a way that would lead an end user to believe that the other content is part of the response;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-132">display other content within any part of a response in a way that would lead an end user to believe that the other content is part of the response;</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-133">display advertising that is not provided by Microsoft on any page that displays any part of a response;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-133">display advertising that is not provided by Microsoft on any page that displays any part of a response;</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-134">use data received from the Search APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-134">use data received from the Search APIs as part of any machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to train, evaluate, or improve new or existing services which you or third parties may offer.</span></span>

## <a name="3-advertising"></a><span data-ttu-id="a1980-135">3. Advertising.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-135">3. Advertising.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a1980-136">Advertising (whether provided by Microsoft or another provider) must not be displayed with responses (i) from the Image, News or Video Search APIs; or (ii) that are filtered or limited primarily (or solely) to image, news and/or video results from other Search APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-136">Advertising (whether provided by Microsoft or another provider) must not be displayed with responses (i) from the Image, News or Video Search APIs; or (ii) that are filtered or limited primarily (or solely) to image, news and/or video results from other Search APIs.</span></span>

## <a name="4-branding"></a><span data-ttu-id="a1980-137">4. Branding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-137">4. Branding.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a1980-138">You will attribute each response (or portion of a response) displayed to Microsoft as described in https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=833278, unless Microsoft specifies otherwise in writing for your particular use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-138">You will attribute each response (or portion of a response) displayed to Microsoft as described in https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=833278, unless Microsoft specifies otherwise in writing for your particular use.</span></span>


## <a name="5--transferring-responses"></a><span data-ttu-id="a1980-139">5.  Transferring Responses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-139">5.  Transferring Responses.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a1980-140">If you enable a user to transfer a response to another user, such as through a messaging app or social media posting, the following apply:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-140">If you enable a user to transfer a response to another user, such as through a messaging app or social media posting, the following apply:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a1980-141">Transferred responses must:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-141">Transferred responses must:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="a1980-142">Consist of content that is unmodified from the content of the responses displayed to the transferring user (formatting changes are permissible);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-142">Consist of content that is unmodified from the content of the responses displayed to the transferring user (formatting changes are permissible);</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="a1980-143">Not include any data in metadata form;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-143">Not include any data in metadata form;</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="a1980-144">Display language indicating the response was obtained through an Internet search experience powered by Bing (e.g., "Powered by Bing," "Learn more about this image on Bing," or "Explore more about this image on Bing" or through the use of the Bing logo);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-144">Display language indicating the response was obtained through an Internet search experience powered by Bing (e.g., "Powered by Bing," "Learn more about this image on Bing," or "Explore more about this image on Bing" or through the use of the Bing logo);</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="a1980-145">Prominently display the full query used to generate the response; and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-145">Prominently display the full query used to generate the response; and</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="a1980-146">Include a prominent link or similar attribution to the underlying source of the response, either directly or through bing.com or m.bing.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-146">Include a prominent link or similar attribution to the underlying source of the response, either directly or through bing.com or m.bing.com.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a1980-147">You may not automate the transfer of responses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-147">You may not automate the transfer of responses.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="a1980-148">A transfer must be initiated by a user action clearly evidencing an intent to transfer a response.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-148">A transfer must be initiated by a user action clearly evidencing an intent to transfer a response.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a1980-149">You may only enable a user to transfer responses obtained as a result of the transferring user's query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-149">You may only enable a user to transfer responses obtained as a result of the transferring user's query.</span></span>

##<a name="6-continuity-of-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="a1980-150">6. Continuity of Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-150">6. Continuity of Service.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a1980-151">You must not copy, store or cache any data from responses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-151">You must not copy, store or cache any data from responses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-152">However, to enable continuity of service access and data rendering, you may retain results solely under the following conditions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-152">However, to enable continuity of service access and data rendering, you may retain results solely under the following conditions:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-153">**Device.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-153">**Device.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="a1980-154">You may enable an end user to retain results on a device for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results, provided that retained results may be used only:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-154">You may enable an end user to retain results on a device for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results, provided that retained results may be used only:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-155">to enable the end user to access results previously returned to that end user on that device (e.g., in case of service interruption); or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-155">to enable the end user to access results previously returned to that end user on that device (e.g., in case of service interruption); or</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-156">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of the end user's needs based on that end user's signals (e.g., in case of anticipated service interruption).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-156">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of the end user's needs based on that end user's signals (e.g., in case of anticipated service interruption).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-157">**Server.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-157">**Server.**</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="a1980-158">You may retain results specific to a single end user securely on a server you control and display the retained results only:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-158">You may retain results specific to a single end user securely on a server you control and display the retained results only:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-159">to enable the end user to access a historical report of results previously returned to that user in your solution, provided that the results may not be (i) retained for more than 21 days from the time of the end user's initial query and (ii) displayed in response to an end user's new or repeated query; or</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-159">to enable the end user to access a historical report of results previously returned to that user in your solution, provided that the results may not be (i) retained for more than 21 days from the time of the end user's initial query and (ii) displayed in response to an end user's new or repeated query; or</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-160">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of an end user's needs based on that end user's signals for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-160">to store results returned for your proactive query personalized in anticipation of an end user's needs based on that end user's signals for the lesser of (i) 24 hours from the time of the query or (ii) until an end user submits another query for updated results.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-161">Whenever retained, results for a specific user cannot be commingled with results for another user, i.e., the results of each user must be retained and delivered separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-161">Whenever retained, results for a specific user cannot be commingled with results for another user, i.e., the results of each user must be retained and delivered separately.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a1980-162">**General.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-162">**General.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-163">For all presentation of retained results, you must:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-163">For all presentation of retained results, you must:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-164">include a clear, visible notice of the time the query was sent,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-164">include a clear, visible notice of the time the query was sent,</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-165">present the user a button or similar means to re-query and obtain updated results,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-165">present the user a button or similar means to re-query and obtain updated results,</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-166">retain the Bing branding in the presentation of the results, and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-166">retain the Bing branding in the presentation of the results, and</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a1980-167">delete (and refresh with a new query if needed) the stored results within the timeframes specified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-167">delete (and refresh with a new query if needed) the stored results within the timeframes specified.</span></span>


##<a name="7--non-display-url-discovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="a1980-168">7.  Non-display URL discovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-168">7.  Non-display URL discovery.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a1980-169">You may only use search responses in a non-internet search experience for the sole purpose of discovering URLs of sources of information responsive to a query from your user or customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-169">You may only use search responses in a non-internet search experience for the sole purpose of discovering URLs of sources of information responsive to a query from your user or customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-170">You may copy such URLs in a report or similar response you provide (i) only to that user or customer, in response to the particular query and (ii) which includes significant additional valuable content relevant to the query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-170">You may copy such URLs in a report or similar response you provide (i) only to that user or customer, in response to the particular query and (ii) which includes significant additional valuable content relevant to the query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a1980-171">The requirements in sections 2 through 6 of these use and display requirements do not apply to this non-display use, except:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-171">The requirements in sections 2 through 6 of these use and display requirements do not apply to this non-display use, except:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="a1980-172">You shall not cache, copy or store any data or content from, or derived from, the search response, other than the limited URL copying described above;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-172">You shall not cache, copy or store any data or content from, or derived from, the search response, other than the limited URL copying described above;</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a1980-173">You must ensure your use of data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third party rights; and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-173">You must ensure your use of data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs does not violate any applicable laws or third party rights; and</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="a1980-174">You shall not use the data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs as part of any search index or machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to create train, evaluate, or improve services which you or third parties may offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a1980-174">You shall not use the data (including the URLs) received from the Search APIs as part of any search index or machine learning or similar algorithmic activity to create train, evaluate, or improve services which you or third parties may offer.</span></span>
