## <a name="what-is-reverse-dns"></a><span data-ttu-id="498b5-101">What is reverse DNS?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-101">What is reverse DNS?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-102">Conventional DNS records enable a mapping from a DNS name (such as 'www.contoso.com') to an IP address (such as 64.4.6.100).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-102">Conventional DNS records enable a mapping from a DNS name (such as 'www.contoso.com') to an IP address (such as 64.4.6.100).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-103">Reverse DNS enables the translation of an IP address (64.4.6.100) back to a name ('www.contoso.com').</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-103">Reverse DNS enables the translation of an IP address (64.4.6.100) back to a name ('www.contoso.com').</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-104">Reverse DNS records are used in a variety of situations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-104">Reverse DNS records are used in a variety of situations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="498b5-105">For example, reverse DNS records are widely used in combating e-mail spam by verifying the sender of an e-mail message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-105">For example, reverse DNS records are widely used in combating e-mail spam by verifying the sender of an e-mail message.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-106">The receiving mail server will retrieve the reverse DNS record of the sending server's IP address, and verify if that host is authorized to send e-mail from the originating domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-106">The receiving mail server will retrieve the reverse DNS record of the sending server's IP address, and verify if that host is authorized to send e-mail from the originating domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="498b5-107">(Please note however that [Azure Compute services do not support sending emails to external domains](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mast/2016/04/04/sending-e-mail-from-azure-compute-resource-to-external-domains/).)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-107">(Please note however that [Azure Compute services do not support sending emails to external domains](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mast/2016/04/04/sending-e-mail-from-azure-compute-resource-to-external-domains/).)</span></span>

## <a name="how-reverse-dns-works"></a><span data-ttu-id="498b5-108">How reverse DNS works</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-108">How reverse DNS works</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-109">Reverse DNS records are hosted in special DNS zones, known as 'ARPA' zones.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-109">Reverse DNS records are hosted in special DNS zones, known as 'ARPA' zones.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-110">These zones form a separate DNS hierarchy in parallel with the normal hierarchy hosting domains such as 'contoso.com'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-110">These zones form a separate DNS hierarchy in parallel with the normal hierarchy hosting domains such as 'contoso.com'.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-111">For example, the DNS record 'www.contoso.com' is implemented using a DNS 'A' record with the name 'www' in the zone 'contoso.com'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-111">For example, the DNS record 'www.contoso.com' is implemented using a DNS 'A' record with the name 'www' in the zone 'contoso.com'.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-112">This A record points to the corresponding IP address, in this case 64.4.6.100.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-112">This A record points to the corresponding IP address, in this case 64.4.6.100.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-113">The reverse lookup is implemented separately, using a 'PTR' record named '100' in the zone '6.4.64.in-addr.arpa' (note that IP addresses are reversed in ARPA zones.)  This PTR record, if it has been configured correctly, points to the name 'www.contoso.com'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-113">The reverse lookup is implemented separately, using a 'PTR' record named '100' in the zone '6.4.64.in-addr.arpa' (note that IP addresses are reversed in ARPA zones.)  This PTR record, if it has been configured correctly, points to the name 'www.contoso.com'.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-114">When an organization is assigned an IP address block, they also acquire the right to manage the corresponding ARPA zone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-114">When an organization is assigned an IP address block, they also acquire the right to manage the corresponding ARPA zone.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="498b5-115">The ARPA zones corresponding to the IP address blocks used by Azure are hosted and managed by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-115">The ARPA zones corresponding to the IP address blocks used by Azure are hosted and managed by Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="498b5-116">Your ISP may host the ARPA zone for your own IP addresses for you, or may allow you host the ARPA zone in a DNS service of your choice, such as Azure DNS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-116">Your ISP may host the ARPA zone for your own IP addresses for you, or may allow you host the ARPA zone in a DNS service of your choice, such as Azure DNS.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="498b5-117">Forward DNS lookups and reverse DNS lookups are implemented in separate, parallel DNS hierarchies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-117">Forward DNS lookups and reverse DNS lookups are implemented in separate, parallel DNS hierarchies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="498b5-118">The reverse lookup for 'www.contoso.com' is **not** hosted in the zone 'contoso.com', rather it is hosted in the ARPA zone for the corresponding IP address block.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-118">The reverse lookup for 'www.contoso.com' is **not** hosted in the zone 'contoso.com', rather it is hosted in the ARPA zone for the corresponding IP address block.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-119">For more information on reverse DNS, please see [Reverse DNS Lookup](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_DNS_lookup).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-119">For more information on reverse DNS, please see [Reverse DNS Lookup](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_DNS_lookup).</span></span>

## <a name="azure-support-for-reverse-dns"></a><span data-ttu-id="498b5-120">Azure support for reverse DNS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-120">Azure support for reverse DNS</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-121">Azure supports two separate scenarios relating to reverse DNS:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-121">Azure supports two separate scenarios relating to reverse DNS:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="498b5-122">Hosting the ARPA zone corresponding to your IP address block.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-122">Hosting the ARPA zone corresponding to your IP address block.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="498b5-123">Allowing you to configure the reverse DNS record for the IP address assigned to your Azure service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-123">Allowing you to configure the reverse DNS record for the IP address assigned to your Azure service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-124">To support the former, Azure DNS can be used to host your ARPA zones and manage the PTR records for each reverse DNS lookup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-124">To support the former, Azure DNS can be used to host your ARPA zones and manage the PTR records for each reverse DNS lookup.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-125">The process of creating the ARPA zone, setting up the delegation, and configuring PTR records is the same as for regular DNS zones.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-125">The process of creating the ARPA zone, setting up the delegation, and configuring PTR records is the same as for regular DNS zones.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-126">The only differences are that the delegation must be configured via your ISP rather than your DNS registrar, and only the PTR record type should be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-126">The only differences are that the delegation must be configured via your ISP rather than your DNS registrar, and only the PTR record type should be used.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="498b5-127">To support the latter, Azure enables you to configure the reverse lookup for the IP addresses allocated to your service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-127">To support the latter, Azure enables you to configure the reverse lookup for the IP addresses allocated to your service.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-128">This reverse lookup is configured by Azure as a PTR record in the corresponding ARPA zone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-128">This reverse lookup is configured by Azure as a PTR record in the corresponding ARPA zone.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="498b5-129">These ARPA zones, corresponding to all the IP ranges used by Azure, are hosted by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-129">These ARPA zones, corresponding to all the IP ranges used by Azure, are hosted by Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="498b5-130">**The remainder of this article describes this scenario in detail.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="498b5-130">**The remainder of this article describes this scenario in detail.**</span></span>
