<span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-101">A DNS zone is used to host the DNS records for a particular domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-101">A DNS zone is used to host the DNS records for a particular domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-102">To start hosting your domain in Azure DNS, you need to create a DNS zone for that domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-102">To start hosting your domain in Azure DNS, you need to create a DNS zone for that domain name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-103">Each DNS record for your domain is then created inside this DNS zone.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-103">Each DNS record for your domain is then created inside this DNS zone.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-104">For example, the domain 'contoso.com' may contain several DNS records, such as 'mail.contoso.com' (for a mail server) and 'www.contoso.com' (for a web site).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-104">For example, the domain 'contoso.com' may contain several DNS records, such as 'mail.contoso.com' (for a mail server) and 'www.contoso.com' (for a web site).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-105">When creating a DNS zone in Azure DNS:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-105">When creating a DNS zone in Azure DNS:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-106">The name of the zone must be unique within the resource group, and the zone must not exist already.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-106">The name of the zone must be unique within the resource group, and the zone must not exist already.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-107">Otherwise, the operation fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-107">Otherwise, the operation fails.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-108">The same zone name can be reused in a different resource group or a different Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-108">The same zone name can be reused in a different resource group or a different Azure subscription.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-109">Where multiple zones share the same name, each instance is assigned different name server addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-109">Where multiple zones share the same name, each instance is assigned different name server addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-110">Only one set of addresses can be configured with the domain name registrar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-110">Only one set of addresses can be configured with the domain name registrar.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-111">You do not have to own a domain name to create a DNS zone with that domain name in Azure DNS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-111">You do not have to own a domain name to create a DNS zone with that domain name in Azure DNS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-112">However, you do need to own the domain to configure the Azure DNS name servers as the correct name servers for the domain name with the domain name registrar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-112">However, you do need to own the domain to configure the Azure DNS name servers as the correct name servers for the domain name with the domain name registrar.</span></span>
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="f0e4f-113">For more information, see [Delegate a domain to Azure DNS](../articles/dns/dns-domain-delegation.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0e4f-113">For more information, see [Delegate a domain to Azure DNS](../articles/dns/dns-domain-delegation.md).</span></span>