<span data-ttu-id="551f2-101">**1. How will customers be notified of the retiring SDK?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-101">**1. How will customers be notified of the retiring SDK?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-102">Microsoft will provide 12 month advance notification to the end of support of the retiring SDK in order to facilitate a smooth transition to a supported SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-102">Microsoft will provide 12 month advance notification to the end of support of the retiring SDK in order to facilitate a smooth transition to a supported SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="551f2-103">Further, customers will be notified through various communication channels – Azure Management Portal, Developer Center, blog post, and direct communication to assigned service administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-103">Further, customers will be notified through various communication channels – Azure Management Portal, Developer Center, blog post, and direct communication to assigned service administrators.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-104">**2. Can customers author applications using a "to-be" retired DocumentDB SDK during the 12 month period?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-104">**2. Can customers author applications using a "to-be" retired DocumentDB SDK during the 12 month period?**</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-105">Yes, customers will have full access to author, deploy and modify applications using the "to-be" retired DocumentDB SDK during the 12 month grace period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-105">Yes, customers will have full access to author, deploy and modify applications using the "to-be" retired DocumentDB SDK during the 12 month grace period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="551f2-106">During the 12 month grace period, customers are advised to migrate to a newer supported version of DocumentDB SDK as appropriate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-106">During the 12 month grace period, customers are advised to migrate to a newer supported version of DocumentDB SDK as appropriate.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-107">**3. Can customers author and modify applications using a retired DocumentDB SDK after the 12 month notification period?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-107">**3. Can customers author and modify applications using a retired DocumentDB SDK after the 12 month notification period?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-108">After the 12 month notification period, the SDK will be retired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-108">After the 12 month notification period, the SDK will be retired.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="551f2-109">Any access to DocumentDB by an applications using a retired SDK will not be permitted by the DocumentDB platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-109">Any access to DocumentDB by an applications using a retired SDK will not be permitted by the DocumentDB platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="551f2-110">Further, Microsoft will not provide customer support on the retired SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-110">Further, Microsoft will not provide customer support on the retired SDK.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-111">**4. What happens to Customer’s running applications that are using unsupported DocumentDB SDK version?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-111">**4. What happens to Customer’s running applications that are using unsupported DocumentDB SDK version?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-112">Any attempts made to connect to the DocumentDB service with a retired SDK version will be rejected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-112">Any attempts made to connect to the DocumentDB service with a retired SDK version will be rejected.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-113">**5. Will new features and functionality be applied to all non-retired SDKs**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-113">**5. Will new features and functionality be applied to all non-retired SDKs**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-114">New features and functionality will only be added to new versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-114">New features and functionality will only be added to new versions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="551f2-115">If you are using an old, non-retired, version of the SDK your requests to DocumentDB will still function as previous but you will not have access to any new capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-115">If you are using an old, non-retired, version of the SDK your requests to DocumentDB will still function as previous but you will not have access to any new capabilities.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-116">**6. What should I do if I cannot update my application before a cut-off date**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-116">**6. What should I do if I cannot update my application before a cut-off date**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="551f2-117">We recommend that you upgrade to the latest SDK as early as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-117">We recommend that you upgrade to the latest SDK as early as possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="551f2-118">Once an SDK has been tagged for retirement you will have 12 months to update your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-118">Once an SDK has been tagged for retirement you will have 12 months to update your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="551f2-119">If, for whatever reason, you cannot complete your application update within this timeframe then please contact the [DocumentDB Team](mailto:askdocdb@microsoft.com) and request their assistance before the cutoff date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="551f2-119">If, for whatever reason, you cannot complete your application update within this timeframe then please contact the [DocumentDB Team](mailto:askdocdb@microsoft.com) and request their assistance before the cutoff date.</span></span>

