<span data-ttu-id="60a52-101">Azure Functions is an event-driven, compute-on-demand experience that extends the existing Azure application platform with capabilities to implement code triggered by events occurring in other Azure services, SaaS products, and on-premises systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a52-101">Azure Functions is an event-driven, compute-on-demand experience that extends the existing Azure application platform with capabilities to implement code triggered by events occurring in other Azure services, SaaS products, and on-premises systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a52-102">With Azure Functions, your applications scale based on demand and you pay only for the resources you consume.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a52-102">With Azure Functions, your applications scale based on demand and you pay only for the resources you consume.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a52-103">Azure Functions provides an intuitive, browser-based user interface allowing you to create scheduled or triggered pieces of code implemented in a variety of programming languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a52-103">Azure Functions provides an intuitive, browser-based user interface allowing you to create scheduled or triggered pieces of code implemented in a variety of programming languages.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="60a52-104">This getting started video shows how to create a function app, modify the code, as well as how to interact with the triggers and bindings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a52-104">This getting started video shows how to create a function app, modify the code, as well as how to interact with the triggers and bindings.</span></span>

