## <a name="highly-available-solutions-with-azure-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="e0d42-101">Highly available solutions with Azure traffic manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-101">Highly available solutions with Azure traffic manager</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e0d42-102">You need to determine whether your workload's high availability requirements can be met by using Azure traffic manager alone, or if you need to combine traffic manager with other DNS solutions, or processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-102">You need to determine whether your workload's high availability requirements can be met by using Azure traffic manager alone, or if you need to combine traffic manager with other DNS solutions, or processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-103">Depending on your needs, you can use:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-103">Depending on your needs, you can use:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-104">**Traffic manager alone**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-104">**Traffic manager alone**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-105">If a 99.99% up time is sufficient for your workload, you can use traffic manager by itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-105">If a 99.99% up time is sufficient for your workload, you can use traffic manager by itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-106">In the event of failure in the traffic manager service, users will not be able to access your workload until the traffic manager service is reestablished.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-106">In the event of failure in the traffic manager service, users will not be able to access your workload until the traffic manager service is reestablished.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-107">**Use another traffic manager solution along with Azure traffic manager**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-107">**Use another traffic manager solution along with Azure traffic manager**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-108">In the event of failure in the traffic manager service, you can change your CNAME record to point to the other traffic manager service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-108">In the event of failure in the traffic manager service, you can change your CNAME record to point to the other traffic manager service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-109">Access to your workload is still available, and distributed to all locations hosting your workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-109">Access to your workload is still available, and distributed to all locations hosting your workload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e0d42-110">This is the most expensive solution, but may be required for workloads that need a higher SLA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e0d42-110">This is the most expensive solution, but may be required for workloads that need a higher SLA.</span></span>

