<span data-ttu-id="c4964-101">You might use an Azure subscription for which you are not the administrator or owner, such as a company-owned subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-101">You might use an Azure subscription for which you are not the administrator or owner, such as a company-owned subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c4964-102">If this is the case, you must verify that the following have been obtained in order to follow the steps in this article:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-102">If this is the case, you must verify that the following have been obtained in order to follow the steps in this article:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="c4964-103">Contributor access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-103">Contributor access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c4964-104">To sign in to Azure, you need at least Contributor access to the Azure resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-104">To sign in to Azure, you need at least Contributor access to the Azure resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c4964-105">This resource group is used to create an HDInsight cluster and other Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-105">This resource group is used to create an HDInsight cluster and other Azure resources.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c4964-106">Provider registration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-106">Provider registration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c4964-107">Someone with at least Contributor access to the Azure subscription must have previously registered the provider for the resource you are using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-107">Someone with at least Contributor access to the Azure subscription must have previously registered the provider for the resource you are using.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c4964-108">Provider registration happens when a user with Contributor access to the subscription creates a resource for the first time on the subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-108">Provider registration happens when a user with Contributor access to the subscription creates a resource for the first time on the subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c4964-109">It can also be accomplished without creating a resource by [registering a provider through REST](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn790548.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-109">It can also be accomplished without creating a resource by [registering a provider through REST](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn790548.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c4964-110">For more information on working with access management, see the following articles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-110">For more information on working with access management, see the following articles:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="c4964-111">Get started with access management in the Azure portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-111">Get started with access management in the Azure portal</span></span>](../articles/active-directory/role-based-access-control-what-is.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="c4964-112">Use role assignments to manage access to your Azure subscription resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c4964-112">Use role assignments to manage access to your Azure subscription resources</span></span>](../articles/active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md)
