> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="99099-101">Azure PowerShell is currently available in two releases - 1.0 and 0.9.8.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-101">Azure PowerShell is currently available in two releases - 1.0 and 0.9.8.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99099-102">If you have existing scripts and do not want to change them right now, you can continue using the 0.9.8 release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-102">If you have existing scripts and do not want to change them right now, you can continue using the 0.9.8 release.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99099-103">When using the 1.0 release, you should carefully test your scripts in pre-production environments before using them in production to avoid unexpected impacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-103">When using the 1.0 release, you should carefully test your scripts in pre-production environments before using them in production to avoid unexpected impacts.</span></span>
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="99099-104">1.0 cmdlets follow the naming pattern {verb}-AzureRm{noun}; whereas, the 0.9.8 names do not include **Rm** (for example, New-AzureRmResourceGroup instead of New-AzureResourceGroup).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-104">1.0 cmdlets follow the naming pattern {verb}-AzureRm{noun}; whereas, the 0.9.8 names do not include **Rm** (for example, New-AzureRmResourceGroup instead of New-AzureResourceGroup).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99099-105">When using Azure PowerShell 0.9.8, you must first enable the Resource Manager mode by running the **Switch-AzureMode AzureResourceManager** command.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-105">When using Azure PowerShell 0.9.8, you must first enable the Resource Manager mode by running the **Switch-AzureMode AzureResourceManager** command.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99099-106">This command is not necessary in 1.0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-106">This command is not necessary in 1.0.</span></span>
> 
> <span data-ttu-id="99099-107">New features will be added to only the 1.0 release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-107">New features will be added to only the 1.0 release.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99099-108">For information about the 1.0 release, including how to install and uninstall the release, see [Azure PowerShell 1.0](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azps-1-0/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99099-108">For information about the 1.0 release, including how to install and uninstall the release, see [Azure PowerShell 1.0](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azps-1-0/).</span></span>
> 
> 

