> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="1e583-101">The Azure DNS Private Zone feature is currently a managed preview and requires you to sign up for in order to obtain the preview Powershell module/SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e583-101">The Azure DNS Private Zone feature is currently a managed preview and requires you to sign up for in order to obtain the preview Powershell module/SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e583-102">To sign up for this preview, email [AzureDNS-PrivateZone@microsoft.com](mailto:AzureDNS-PrivateZone@microsoft.com) with your subscription details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e583-102">To sign up for this preview, email [AzureDNS-PrivateZone@microsoft.com](mailto:AzureDNS-PrivateZone@microsoft.com) with your subscription details.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e583-103">The examples in this article assume that you have already signed up for the Preview and have obtained the preview Powershell module/SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e583-103">The examples in this article assume that you have already signed up for the Preview and have obtained the preview Powershell module/SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e583-104">Using the current Public Powershell module does not work for this preview feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e583-104">Using the current Public Powershell module does not work for this preview feature.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e583-105">This Preview is provided without a service level agreement and should not be used for production workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e583-105">This Preview is provided without a service level agreement and should not be used for production workloads.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e583-106">Certain features may not be supported, may have constrained capabilities, or may not be available in all Azure locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e583-106">Certain features may not be supported, may have constrained capabilities, or may not be available in all Azure locations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e583-107">See the [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/) for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e583-107">See the [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/) for details.</span></span>

