## <a name="incremental-and-complete-deployments"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0164-101">Incremental and complete deployments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-101">Incremental and complete deployments</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a0164-102">When deploying your resources, you specify that the deployment is either an incremental update or a complete update.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-102">When deploying your resources, you specify that the deployment is either an incremental update or a complete update.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0164-103">The primary difference between these two modes is how Resource Manager handles existing resources in the resource group that are not in the template:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-103">The primary difference between these two modes is how Resource Manager handles existing resources in the resource group that are not in the template:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="a0164-104">In complete mode, Resource Manager **deletes** resources that exist in the resource group but are not specified in the template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-104">In complete mode, Resource Manager **deletes** resources that exist in the resource group but are not specified in the template.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="a0164-105">In incremental mode, Resource Manager **leaves unchanged** resources that exist in the resource group but are not specified in the template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-105">In incremental mode, Resource Manager **leaves unchanged** resources that exist in the resource group but are not specified in the template.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0164-106">For both modes, Resource Manager attempts to provision all resources specified in the template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-106">For both modes, Resource Manager attempts to provision all resources specified in the template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0164-107">If the resource already exists in the resource group and its settings are unchanged, the operation results in no change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-107">If the resource already exists in the resource group and its settings are unchanged, the operation results in no change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0164-108">If you change the settings for a resource, the resource is provisioned with those new settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-108">If you change the settings for a resource, the resource is provisioned with those new settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0164-109">However, you cannot update the location or type of an existing resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-109">However, you cannot update the location or type of an existing resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0164-110">Instead, deploy a new resource with the location or type that you need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-110">Instead, deploy a new resource with the location or type that you need.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0164-111">By default, Resource Manager uses the incremental mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0164-111">By default, Resource Manager uses the incremental mode.</span></span>

