<span data-ttu-id="b30c3-101">You apply tags to your Azure resources to logically organize them by categories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-101">You apply tags to your Azure resources to logically organize them by categories.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-102">Each tag consists of a key and a value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-102">Each tag consists of a key and a value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-103">For example, you can apply the key "Environment" and the value "Production" to all the resources in production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-103">For example, you can apply the key "Environment" and the value "Production" to all the resources in production.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-104">Without this tag, you may have difficulty identifying whether a resource is intended for development, test, or production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-104">Without this tag, you may have difficulty identifying whether a resource is intended for development, test, or production.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-105">However, "Environment" and "Production" are just examples.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-105">However, "Environment" and "Production" are just examples.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-106">You define the keys and values that make the most sense for organizing your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-106">You define the keys and values that make the most sense for organizing your subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b30c3-107">After applying tags, you can retrieve all the resources in your subscription with that tag key and value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-107">After applying tags, you can retrieve all the resources in your subscription with that tag key and value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-108">Tags enable you to retrieve related resources that reside in different resource groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-108">Tags enable you to retrieve related resources that reside in different resource groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-109">This approach is helpful when you need to organize resources for billing or management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-109">This approach is helpful when you need to organize resources for billing or management.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b30c3-110">The following limitations apply to tags:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-110">The following limitations apply to tags:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-111">Each resource or resource group can have a maximum of 15 tags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-111">Each resource or resource group can have a maximum of 15 tags.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-112">The tag name is limited to 512 characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-112">The tag name is limited to 512 characters.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-113">The tag value is limited to 256 characters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-113">The tag value is limited to 256 characters.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="b30c3-114">Tags applied to the resource group are not inherited by the resources in that resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b30c3-114">Tags applied to the resource group are not inherited by the resources in that resource group.</span></span> 

