<span data-ttu-id="91c3d-101">This article assumes that</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91c3d-101">This article assumes that</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="91c3d-102">A **Site to Site VPN** or an **Express Route** connection between your on-premises network and the Azure Virtual Network has already been established.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91c3d-102">A **Site to Site VPN** or an **Express Route** connection between your on-premises network and the Azure Virtual Network has already been established.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="91c3d-103">Your user account has permissions to create a new virtual machine in the Azure Subscription that the virtual machines have been failed over into.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91c3d-103">Your user account has permissions to create a new virtual machine in the Azure Subscription that the virtual machines have been failed over into.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="91c3d-104">Your subscription has a minimum of 4 Cores available to spin up a new Process Server virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91c3d-104">Your subscription has a minimum of 4 Cores available to spin up a new Process Server virtual machine.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="91c3d-105">You have the **Configuration Server Passphrase** available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91c3d-105">You have the **Configuration Server Passphrase** available.</span></span>

> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="91c3d-106">Ensure that you are able to connect port 443 of the Configuration Server (running on-premises) from the Azure Virtual Network that the virtual machines have been failed over into.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="91c3d-106">Ensure that you are able to connect port 443 of the Configuration Server (running on-premises) from the Azure Virtual Network that the virtual machines have been failed over into.</span></span>
