
* <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-101">Sign in to the Azure account by entering your credentials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-101">Sign in to the Azure account by entering your credentials.</span></span>
  
  <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-102">This method is quicker and easier, but if you use this method you won't be able to see Azure SQL Database or Mobile Services in the **Server Explorer** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-102">This method is quicker and easier, but if you use this method you won't be able to see Azure SQL Database or Mobile Services in the **Server Explorer** window.</span></span>
  
  <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-103">In **Server Explorer**, click the **Connect to Azure** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-103">In **Server Explorer**, click the **Connect to Azure** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-104">An alternative is to right-click the **Azure** node, and then click **Connect to Azure** in the context menu.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-104">An alternative is to right-click the **Azure** node, and then click **Connect to Azure** in the context menu.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-105">Install a management certificate that enables access to your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-105">Install a management certificate that enables access to your account.</span></span>
  
  <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-106">In **Server Explorer**, right-click the **Azure** node, and then click **Manage Subscriptions** in the context menu.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-106">In **Server Explorer**, right-click the **Azure** node, and then click **Manage Subscriptions** in the context menu.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-107">In the **Manage Azure Subscriptions** dialog box, click the **Certificates** tab, and then click **Import**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-107">In the **Manage Azure Subscriptions** dialog box, click the **Certificates** tab, and then click **Import**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-108">Follow the directions to download and then import a subscription file (also called a *.publishsettings* file) for your Azure account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-108">Follow the directions to download and then import a subscription file (also called a *.publishsettings* file) for your Azure account.</span></span>
  
  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-109">Download the subscription file to a folder outside your source code directories (for example, in the Downloads folder), and then delete it once the import has completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-109">Download the subscription file to a folder outside your source code directories (for example, in the Downloads folder), and then delete it once the import has completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-110">A malicious user who gains access to the subscription file can edit, create, and delete your Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-110">A malicious user who gains access to the subscription file can edit, create, and delete your Azure services.</span></span>
  > 
  > 
  
  <span data-ttu-id="78aeb-111">For more information, see [How to Connect to Azure from Visual Studio](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=324796).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78aeb-111">For more information, see [How to Connect to Azure from Visual Studio](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=324796).</span></span>

