<span data-ttu-id="8ad37-101">The Azure File Sync agent is updated on a regular basis to add new functionality and to address issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-101">The Azure File Sync agent is updated on a regular basis to add new functionality and to address issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-102">We recommend you configure Microsoft Update to get updates for the Azure File Sync agent as they're available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-102">We recommend you configure Microsoft Update to get updates for the Azure File Sync agent as they're available.</span></span>

#### <a name="major-vs-minor-agent-versions"></a><span data-ttu-id="8ad37-103">Major vs. minor agent versions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-103">Major vs. minor agent versions</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-104">Major agent versions often contain new features and have an increasing number as the first part of the version number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-104">Major agent versions often contain new features and have an increasing number as the first part of the version number.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-105">For example: *2.\*.\**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-105">For example: *2.\*.\**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-106">Minor agent versions are also called "patches" and are released more frequently than major versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-106">Minor agent versions are also called "patches" and are released more frequently than major versions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-107">They often contain bug fixes and smaller improvements but no new features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-107">They often contain bug fixes and smaller improvements but no new features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-108">For example: *\*.3.\**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-108">For example: *\*.3.\**</span></span>

#### <a name="upgrade-paths"></a><span data-ttu-id="8ad37-109">Upgrade paths</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-109">Upgrade paths</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8ad37-110">There are three approved and tested ways to install the Azure File Sync agent updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-110">There are three approved and tested ways to install the Azure File Sync agent updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-111">These update paths work for both major and minor versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-111">These update paths work for both major and minor versions.</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-112">**(Preferred) Configure Microsoft Update to automatically download and install agent updates.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-112">**(Preferred) Configure Microsoft Update to automatically download and install agent updates.**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-113">We always recommend taking every Azure File Sync update to ensure you have access to the latest fixes for the server agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-113">We always recommend taking every Azure File Sync update to ensure you have access to the latest fixes for the server agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-114">Microsoft Update makes this process seamless, by automatically downloading and installing updates for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-114">Microsoft Update makes this process seamless, by automatically downloading and installing updates for you.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-115">**Patch an existing Azure File Sync agent by using a Microsoft Update patch file, or a .msp executable. The latest Azure File Sync update package can be downloaded from the [Microsoft Update Catalog](https://www.catalog.update.microsoft.com/Search.aspx?q=Azure%20File%20Sync).**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-115">**Patch an existing Azure File Sync agent by using a Microsoft Update patch file, or a .msp executable. The latest Azure File Sync update package can be downloaded from the [Microsoft Update Catalog](https://www.catalog.update.microsoft.com/Search.aspx?q=Azure%20File%20Sync).**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-116">Running a .msp executable will upgrade your Azure File Sync installation with the same method used automatically by Microsoft Update in the previous upgrade path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-116">Running a .msp executable will upgrade your Azure File Sync installation with the same method used automatically by Microsoft Update in the previous upgrade path.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-117">Applying a Microsoft Update patch will perform an in-place upgrade of an Azure File Sync installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-117">Applying a Microsoft Update patch will perform an in-place upgrade of an Azure File Sync installation.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-118">**Download the newest Azure File Sync agent installer from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=858257). The installer download is a Microsoft Installer package, or a .msi executable.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-118">**Download the newest Azure File Sync agent installer from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=858257). The installer download is a Microsoft Installer package, or a .msi executable.**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-119">To upgrade an existing Azure File Sync agent installation, uninstalled the older version and then install the latest version from the downloaded installer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-119">To upgrade an existing Azure File Sync agent installation, uninstalled the older version and then install the latest version from the downloaded installer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-120">The server registration, sync groups, and any other settings are maintained by the Azure File Sync installer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-120">The server registration, sync groups, and any other settings are maintained by the Azure File Sync installer.</span></span>

#### <a name="agent-lifecycle-and-change-management-guarantees"></a><span data-ttu-id="8ad37-121">Agent lifecycle and change management guarantees</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-121">Agent lifecycle and change management guarantees</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8ad37-122">Azure File Sync is a cloud service, which enables continuously introduction of new features and functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-122">Azure File Sync is a cloud service, which enables continuously introduction of new features and functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-123">This means that a specific Azure File Sync agent version can only be supported for a limited time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-123">This means that a specific Azure File Sync agent version can only be supported for a limited time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-124">To facilitate your deployment, the following rules to guarantee you have enough time and notification to accommodate agent updates/upgrades in your change management process:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-124">To facilitate your deployment, the following rules to guarantee you have enough time and notification to accommodate agent updates/upgrades in your change management process:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-125">Major agent versions are supported for at least six months from the date of initial release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-125">Major agent versions are supported for at least six months from the date of initial release.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-126">We guarantee there is an overlap of at least three months between the support of major agent versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-126">We guarantee there is an overlap of at least three months between the support of major agent versions.</span></span> 
- <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-127">Warnings are issued for registered servers using a soon-to-be expired agent at least three months prior to expiration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-127">Warnings are issued for registered servers using a soon-to-be expired agent at least three months prior to expiration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-128">You can check if a registered server is using an older version of the agent under the registered servers section of a Storage Sync Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-128">You can check if a registered server is using an older version of the agent under the registered servers section of a Storage Sync Service.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-129">The lifetime of a minor agent version is bound to the associated major version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-129">The lifetime of a minor agent version is bound to the associated major version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-130">For example, when agent version 3.0 is released, agent versions 2.\* will all be set to expire together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-130">For example, when agent version 3.0 is released, agent versions 2.\* will all be set to expire together.</span></span>

> [!Note]
> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-131">Installing an agent version with an expiration warning will display a warning but succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-131">Installing an agent version with an expiration warning will display a warning but succeed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8ad37-132">Attempting to install or connect with an expired agent version is not supported and will be blocked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8ad37-132">Attempting to install or connect with an expired agent version is not supported and will be blocked.</span></span>