<span data-ttu-id="021e8-101">You are billed for Azure Storage usage based on your storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-101">You are billed for Azure Storage usage based on your storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="021e8-102">Storage costs are based on the following factors: region/location, account type, storage capacity, replication scheme, storage transactions, and data egress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-102">Storage costs are based on the following factors: region/location, account type, storage capacity, replication scheme, storage transactions, and data egress.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="021e8-103">Region refers to the geographical region in which your account is based.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-103">Region refers to the geographical region in which your account is based.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="021e8-104">Account type refers to whether you are using a general-purpose storage account or a Blob storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-104">Account type refers to whether you are using a general-purpose storage account or a Blob storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="021e8-105">With a Blob storage account, the access tier also determines the billing model for the account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-105">With a Blob storage account, the access tier also determines the billing model for the account.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="021e8-106">Storage capacity refers to how much of your storage account allotment you are using to store data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-106">Storage capacity refers to how much of your storage account allotment you are using to store data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="021e8-107">Replication determines how many copies of your data are maintained at one time, and in what locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-107">Replication determines how many copies of your data are maintained at one time, and in what locations.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="021e8-108">Transactions refer to all read and write operations to Azure Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-108">Transactions refer to all read and write operations to Azure Storage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="021e8-109">Data egress refers to data transferred out of an Azure region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-109">Data egress refers to data transferred out of an Azure region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="021e8-110">When the data in your storage account is accessed by an application that is not running in the same region, you are charged for data egress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-110">When the data in your storage account is accessed by an application that is not running in the same region, you are charged for data egress.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="021e8-111">(For Azure services, you can take steps to group your data and services in the same data centers to reduce or eliminate data egress charges.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-111">(For Azure services, you can take steps to group your data and services in the same data centers to reduce or eliminate data egress charges.)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="021e8-112">The [Azure Storage Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/) page provides detailed pricing information based on account type, storage capacity, replication, and transactions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-112">The [Azure Storage Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/) page provides detailed pricing information based on account type, storage capacity, replication, and transactions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="021e8-113">The [Data Transfers Pricing Details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/data-transfers/) provides detailed pricing information for data egress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-113">The [Data Transfers Pricing Details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/data-transfers/) provides detailed pricing information for data egress.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="021e8-114">You can use the [Azure Storage Pricing Calculator](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator/?scenario=data-management) to help estimate your costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="021e8-114">You can use the [Azure Storage Pricing Calculator](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator/?scenario=data-management) to help estimate your costs.</span></span>

