---
title: include file
description: include file
services: storage
author: tamram
ms.service: storage
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 03/26/2018
ms.author: jeking
ms.custom: include file
ms.openlocfilehash: f5b6e0e74bbab33b9ae6fbacca5c55ea434d3e41
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44869573"
---
<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-103">Geo-redundant storage (GRS) is designed to provide at least 99.99999999999999% (16 9's) durability of objects over a given year by replicating your data to a secondary region that is hundreds of miles away from the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-103">Geo-redundant storage (GRS) is designed to provide at least 99.99999999999999% (16 9's) durability of objects over a given year by replicating your data to a secondary region that is hundreds of miles away from the primary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-104">If your storage account has GRS enabled, then your data is durable even in the case of a complete regional outage or a disaster in which the primary region is not recoverable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-104">If your storage account has GRS enabled, then your data is durable even in the case of a complete regional outage or a disaster in which the primary region is not recoverable.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-105">If you opt for GRS, you have two related options to choose from:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-105">If you opt for GRS, you have two related options to choose from:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-106">GRS replicates your data to another data center in a secondary region, but that data is available to be read only if Microsoft initiates a failover from the primary to secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-106">GRS replicates your data to another data center in a secondary region, but that data is available to be read only if Microsoft initiates a failover from the primary to secondary region.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-107">Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) is based on GRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-107">Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) is based on GRS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-108">RA-GRS replicates your data to another data center in a secondary region, and also provides you with the option to read from the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-108">RA-GRS replicates your data to another data center in a secondary region, and also provides you with the option to read from the secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-109">With RA-GRS, you can read from the secondary regardless of whether Microsoft initiates a failover from the primary to the secondary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-109">With RA-GRS, you can read from the secondary regardless of whether Microsoft initiates a failover from the primary to the secondary.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-110">For a storage account with GRS or RA-GRS enabled, all data is first replicated with locally-redundant storage (LRS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-110">For a storage account with GRS or RA-GRS enabled, all data is first replicated with locally-redundant storage (LRS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-111">An update is first committed to the primary location and replicated using LRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-111">An update is first committed to the primary location and replicated using LRS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-112">The update is then replicated asynchronously to the secondary region using GRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-112">The update is then replicated asynchronously to the secondary region using GRS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-113">When data is written to the secondary location, it is also replicated within that location using LRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-113">When data is written to the secondary location, it is also replicated within that location using LRS.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-114">Both the primary and secondary regions manage replicas across separate fault domains and upgrade domains within a storage scale unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-114">Both the primary and secondary regions manage replicas across separate fault domains and upgrade domains within a storage scale unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-115">The storage scale unit is the basic replication unit within the datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-115">The storage scale unit is the basic replication unit within the datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-116">Replication at this level is provided by LRS; for more information, see [Locally-redundant storage (LRS): Low-cost data redundancy for Azure Storage](../articles/storage/common/storage-redundancy-lrs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-116">Replication at this level is provided by LRS; for more information, see [Locally-redundant storage (LRS): Low-cost data redundancy for Azure Storage](../articles/storage/common/storage-redundancy-lrs.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-117">Keep these points in mind when deciding which replication option to use:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-117">Keep these points in mind when deciding which replication option to use:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-118">Zone-redundant storage (ZRS) provides highly availability with synchronous replication and may be a better choice for some scenarios than GRS or RA-GRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-118">Zone-redundant storage (ZRS) provides highly availability with synchronous replication and may be a better choice for some scenarios than GRS or RA-GRS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-119">For more information on ZRS, see [ZRS](../articles/storage/common/storage-redundancy-zrs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-119">For more information on ZRS, see [ZRS](../articles/storage/common/storage-redundancy-zrs.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-120">Because asynchronous replication involves a delay, in the event of a regional disaster it is possible that changes that have not yet been replicated to the secondary region will be lost if the data cannot be recovered from the primary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-120">Because asynchronous replication involves a delay, in the event of a regional disaster it is possible that changes that have not yet been replicated to the secondary region will be lost if the data cannot be recovered from the primary region.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-121">With GRS, the replica is not available unless Microsoft initiates failover to the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-121">With GRS, the replica is not available unless Microsoft initiates failover to the secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-122">If Microsoft does initiate a failover to the secondary region, you will have read and write access to that data after the failover has completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-122">If Microsoft does initiate a failover to the secondary region, you will have read and write access to that data after the failover has completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-123">For more information, please see [Disaster Recovery Guidance](../articles/storage/common/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-123">For more information, please see [Disaster Recovery Guidance](../articles/storage/common/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-124">If your application needs to read from the secondary region, enable RA-GRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-124">If your application needs to read from the secondary region, enable RA-GRS.</span></span>

## <a name="read-access-geo-redundant-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-125">Read-access geo-redundant storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-125">Read-access geo-redundant storage</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-126">Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) maximizes availability for your storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-126">Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) maximizes availability for your storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-127">RA-GRS provides read-only access to the data in the secondary location, in addition to geo-replication across two regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-127">RA-GRS provides read-only access to the data in the secondary location, in addition to geo-replication across two regions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-128">When you enable read-only access to your data in the secondary region, your data is available on a secondary endpoint as well as on the primary endpoint for your storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-128">When you enable read-only access to your data in the secondary region, your data is available on a secondary endpoint as well as on the primary endpoint for your storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-129">The secondary endpoint is similar to the primary endpoint, but appends the suffix `–secondary` to the account name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-129">The secondary endpoint is similar to the primary endpoint, but appends the suffix `–secondary` to the account name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-130">For example, if your primary endpoint for the Blob service is `myaccount.blob.core.windows.net`, then your secondary endpoint is `myaccount-secondary.blob.core.windows.net`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-130">For example, if your primary endpoint for the Blob service is `myaccount.blob.core.windows.net`, then your secondary endpoint is `myaccount-secondary.blob.core.windows.net`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-131">The access keys for your storage account are the same for both the primary and secondary endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-131">The access keys for your storage account are the same for both the primary and secondary endpoints.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-132">Some considerations to keep in mind when using RA-GRS:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-132">Some considerations to keep in mind when using RA-GRS:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-133">Your application has to manage which endpoint it is interacting with when using RA-GRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-133">Your application has to manage which endpoint it is interacting with when using RA-GRS.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-134">Since asynchronous replication involves a delay, changes that have not yet been replicated to the secondary region may be lost if data cannot be recovered from the primary region, for example in the event of a regional disaster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-134">Since asynchronous replication involves a delay, changes that have not yet been replicated to the secondary region may be lost if data cannot be recovered from the primary region, for example in the event of a regional disaster.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-135">You can check the Last Sync Time of your storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-135">You can check the Last Sync Time of your storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-136">Last Sync Time is a GMT date/time value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-136">Last Sync Time is a GMT date/time value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-137">All primary writes before the Last Sync Time have been successfully written to the secondary location, meaning that they are available to be read from the secondary location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-137">All primary writes before the Last Sync Time have been successfully written to the secondary location, meaning that they are available to be read from the secondary location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-138">Primary writes after the Last Sync Time may or may not be available for reads yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-138">Primary writes after the Last Sync Time may or may not be available for reads yet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-139">You can query this value using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), [Azure PowerShell](../articles/storage/common/storage-powershell-guide-full.md), or from one of the Azure Storage client libraries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-139">You can query this value using the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), [Azure PowerShell](../articles/storage/common/storage-powershell-guide-full.md), or from one of the Azure Storage client libraries.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-140">If Microsoft initiates failover to the secondary region, you will have read and write access to that data after the failover has completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-140">If Microsoft initiates failover to the secondary region, you will have read and write access to that data after the failover has completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-141">For more information, see [Disaster Recovery Guidance](../articles/storage/common/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-141">For more information, see [Disaster Recovery Guidance](../articles/storage/common/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-142">For information on how to switch to the secondary region, see [What to do if an Azure Storage outage occurs](../articles/storage/common/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-142">For information on how to switch to the secondary region, see [What to do if an Azure Storage outage occurs](../articles/storage/common/storage-disaster-recovery-guidance.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-143">RA-GRS is intended for high-availability purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-143">RA-GRS is intended for high-availability purposes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-144">For scalability guidance, review the [performance checklist](../articles/storage/common/storage-performance-checklist.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-144">For scalability guidance, review the [performance checklist](../articles/storage/common/storage-performance-checklist.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-145">For suggestions on how to design for high availability with RA-GRS, see [Designing Highly Available Applications using RA-GRS storage](../articles/storage/common/storage-designing-ha-apps-with-ragrs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-145">For suggestions on how to design for high availability with RA-GRS, see [Designing Highly Available Applications using RA-GRS storage](../articles/storage/common/storage-designing-ha-apps-with-ragrs.md).</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-the-rpo-and-rto-with-grs"></a><span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-146">What is the RPO and RTO with GRS?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-146">What is the RPO and RTO with GRS?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-147">**Recovery Point Objective (RPO):** In GRS and RA-GRS, the storage service asynchronously geo-replicates the data from the primary to the secondary location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-147">**Recovery Point Objective (RPO):** In GRS and RA-GRS, the storage service asynchronously geo-replicates the data from the primary to the secondary location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-148">In the event of a major regional disaster in the primary region, Microsoft performs a failover to the secondary region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-148">In the event of a major regional disaster in the primary region, Microsoft performs a failover to the secondary region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-149">If a failover happens, recent changes that have not yet been geo-replicated may be lost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-149">If a failover happens, recent changes that have not yet been geo-replicated may be lost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-150">The number of minutes of potential data lost is referred to as the RPO, and it indicates the point in time to which data can be recovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-150">The number of minutes of potential data lost is referred to as the RPO, and it indicates the point in time to which data can be recovered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-151">Azure Storage typically has an RPO of less than 15 minutes, although there is currently no SLA on how long geo-replication takes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-151">Azure Storage typically has an RPO of less than 15 minutes, although there is currently no SLA on how long geo-replication takes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-152">**Recovery Time Objective (RTO):** The RTO is a measure of how long it takes to perform the failover and get the storage account back online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-152">**Recovery Time Objective (RTO):** The RTO is a measure of how long it takes to perform the failover and get the storage account back online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-153">The time to perform the failover includes the following actions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-153">The time to perform the failover includes the following actions:</span></span>

   * <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-154">The time Microsoft requires to determine whether the data can be recovered at the primary location, or if a failover is necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-154">The time Microsoft requires to determine whether the data can be recovered at the primary location, or if a failover is necessary.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-155">The time to perform the failover of the storage account by changing the primary DNS entries to point to the secondary location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-155">The time to perform the failover of the storage account by changing the primary DNS entries to point to the secondary location.</span></span>

   <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-156">Microsoft takes the responsibility of preserving your data seriously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-156">Microsoft takes the responsibility of preserving your data seriously.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-157">If there is any chance of recovering the data in the primary region, Microsoft will delay the failover and focus on recovering your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-157">If there is any chance of recovering the data in the primary region, Microsoft will delay the failover and focus on recovering your data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-158">A future version of the service will allow you to trigger a failover at an account level so that you can control the RTO yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-158">A future version of the service will allow you to trigger a failover at an account level so that you can control the RTO yourself.</span></span>

## <a name="paired-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-159">Paired Regions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-159">Paired Regions</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-160">When you create a storage account, you select the primary region for the account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-160">When you create a storage account, you select the primary region for the account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-161">The paired secondary region is determined based on the primary region, and cannot be changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-161">The paired secondary region is determined based on the primary region, and cannot be changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4e9a2-162">For up-to-date information about regions supported by Azure, see [Business continuity and disaster recovery (BCDR): Azure Paired Regions](../articles/best-practices-availability-paired-regions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4e9a2-162">For up-to-date information about regions supported by Azure, see [Business continuity and disaster recovery (BCDR): Azure Paired Regions](../articles/best-practices-availability-paired-regions.md).</span></span>
