## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="e203f-101">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-101">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e203f-102">Azure File storage is a service that offers file shares in the cloud using the standard [Server Message Block (SMB) Protocol](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/aa365233.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-102">Azure File storage is a service that offers file shares in the cloud using the standard [Server Message Block (SMB) Protocol](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/aa365233.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e203f-103">Both SMB 2.1 and SMB 3.0 are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-103">Both SMB 2.1 and SMB 3.0 are supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e203f-104">With Azure File storage, you can migrate legacy applications that rely on file shares to Azure quickly and without costly rewrites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-104">With Azure File storage, you can migrate legacy applications that rely on file shares to Azure quickly and without costly rewrites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e203f-105">Applications running in Azure virtual machines or cloud services or from on-premises clients can mount a file share in the cloud, just as a desktop application mounts a typical SMB share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-105">Applications running in Azure virtual machines or cloud services or from on-premises clients can mount a file share in the cloud, just as a desktop application mounts a typical SMB share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e203f-106">Any number of application components can then mount and access the File storage share simultaneously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-106">Any number of application components can then mount and access the File storage share simultaneously.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e203f-107">Since a File storage share is a standard SMB file share, applications running in Azure can access data in the share via file system I/O APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-107">Since a File storage share is a standard SMB file share, applications running in Azure can access data in the share via file system I/O APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e203f-108">Developers can therefore leverage their existing code and skills to migrate existing applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-108">Developers can therefore leverage their existing code and skills to migrate existing applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e203f-109">IT Pros can use PowerShell cmdlets to create, mount, and manage File storage shares as part of the administration of Azure applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-109">IT Pros can use PowerShell cmdlets to create, mount, and manage File storage shares as part of the administration of Azure applications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e203f-110">You can create Azure file shares using [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), the Azure Storage PowerShell cmdlets, the Azure Storage client libraries, or the Azure Storage REST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-110">You can create Azure file shares using [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), the Azure Storage PowerShell cmdlets, the Azure Storage client libraries, or the Azure Storage REST API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e203f-111">Additionally, because these file shares are SMB shares, you can access them via standard and familiar file system APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e203f-111">Additionally, because these file shares are SMB shares, you can access them via standard and familiar file system APIs.</span></span>

