<span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-101">Changes made to the Azure file share by using the Azure portal or SMB are not immediately detected and replicated like changes to the server endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-101">Changes made to the Azure file share by using the Azure portal or SMB are not immediately detected and replicated like changes to the server endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-102">Azure Files does not yet have change notifications or journaling, so there's no way to automatically initiate a sync session when files are changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-102">Azure Files does not yet have change notifications or journaling, so there's no way to automatically initiate a sync session when files are changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-103">On Windows Server, Azure File Sync uses [Windows USN journaling](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/aa363798.aspx) to automatically initiate a sync session when files change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-103">On Windows Server, Azure File Sync uses [Windows USN journaling](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/aa363798.aspx) to automatically initiate a sync session when files change.</span></span><br /><br /> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-104">To detect changes to the Azure file share, Azure File Sync has a scheduled job called a *change detection job*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-104">To detect changes to the Azure file share, Azure File Sync has a scheduled job called a *change detection job*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-105">A change detection job enumerates every file in the file share, and then compares it to the sync version for that file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-105">A change detection job enumerates every file in the file share, and then compares it to the sync version for that file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-106">When the change detection job determines that files have changed, Azure File Sync initiates a sync session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-106">When the change detection job determines that files have changed, Azure File Sync initiates a sync session.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-107">The change detection job is initiated every 24 hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-107">The change detection job is initiated every 24 hours.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-108">Because the change detection job works by enumerating every file in the Azure file share, change detection takes longer in larger namespaces than in smaller namespaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-108">Because the change detection job works by enumerating every file in the Azure file share, change detection takes longer in larger namespaces than in smaller namespaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-109">For large namespaces, it might take longer than once every 24 hours to determine which files have changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-109">For large namespaces, it might take longer than once every 24 hours to determine which files have changed.</span></span><br /><br />
<span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-110">Note, changes made to an Azure file share using REST does not update the SMB last modified time and will not be seen as a change by sync.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-110">Note, changes made to an Azure file share using REST does not update the SMB last modified time and will not be seen as a change by sync.</span></span> <br /><br />
<span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-111">We are exploring adding change detection for an Azure file share similar to USN for volumes on Windows Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-111">We are exploring adding change detection for an Azure file share similar to USN for volumes on Windows Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8cd0a-112">Help us prioritize this feature for future development by voting for it at [Azure Files UserVoice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/217298-storage/category/180670-files).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8cd0a-112">Help us prioritize this feature for future development by voting for it at [Azure Files UserVoice](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/217298-storage/category/180670-files).</span></span>
