<!--alkohli 02/21/2017 cloud appliance security-->

<span data-ttu-id="9251f-101">Keep the following security considerations in mind when you use the StorSimple Cloud Appliance:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9251f-101">Keep the following security considerations in mind when you use the StorSimple Cloud Appliance:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="9251f-102">The cloud appliance is secured through your Microsoft Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9251f-102">The cloud appliance is secured through your Microsoft Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9251f-103">This means that if you are using the cloud appliance and your Azure subscription is compromised, the data stored on your cloud appliance is also susceptible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9251f-103">This means that if you are using the cloud appliance and your Azure subscription is compromised, the data stored on your cloud appliance is also susceptible.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="9251f-104">The public key of the certificate used to encrypt data stored in StorSimple is securely made available to the Azure portal, and the private key is retained with the StorSimple Cloud Appliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9251f-104">The public key of the certificate used to encrypt data stored in StorSimple is securely made available to the Azure portal, and the private key is retained with the StorSimple Cloud Appliance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9251f-105">On the StorSimple Cloud Appliance, both the public and private keys are stored in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9251f-105">On the StorSimple Cloud Appliance, both the public and private keys are stored in Azure.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="9251f-106">The cloud appliance is hosted in the Microsoft Azure datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9251f-106">The cloud appliance is hosted in the Microsoft Azure datacenter.</span></span>

