## <a name="configure-your-application-to-access-azure-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2d06-101">Configure your application to access Azure Storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-101">Configure your application to access Azure Storage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-102">There are two ways to authenticate your application to access Storage services:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-102">There are two ways to authenticate your application to access Storage services:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-103">Shared Key: Use Shared Key for testing purposes only</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-103">Shared Key: Use Shared Key for testing purposes only</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-104">Shared Access Signature (SAS): Use SAS for production applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-104">Shared Access Signature (SAS): Use SAS for production applications</span></span>

### <a name="shared-key"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2d06-105">Shared Key</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-105">Shared Key</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-106">Shared Key authentication means that your application will use your account name and account key to access Storage services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-106">Shared Key authentication means that your application will use your account name and account key to access Storage services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-107">For the purposes of quickly showing how to use this library, we will be using Shared Key authentication in this getting started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-107">For the purposes of quickly showing how to use this library, we will be using Shared Key authentication in this getting started.</span></span>

> [!WARNING] 
> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-108">**Only use Shared Key authentication for testing purposes!**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-108">**Only use Shared Key authentication for testing purposes!**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-109">Your account name and account key, which give full read/write access to the associated Storage account, will be distributed to every person that downloads your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-109">Your account name and account key, which give full read/write access to the associated Storage account, will be distributed to every person that downloads your app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-110">This is **not** a good practice as you risk having your key compromised by untrusted clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-110">This is **not** a good practice as you risk having your key compromised by untrusted clients.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-111">When using Shared Key authentication, you will create a [connection string](../articles/storage/storage-configure-connection-string.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-111">When using Shared Key authentication, you will create a [connection string](../articles/storage/storage-configure-connection-string.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-112">The connection string is comprised of:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-112">The connection string is comprised of:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-113">The **DefaultEndpointsProtocol** - you can choose HTTP or HTTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-113">The **DefaultEndpointsProtocol** - you can choose HTTP or HTTPS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-114">However, using HTTPS is highly recommended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-114">However, using HTTPS is highly recommended.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-115">The **Account Name** - the name of your storage account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-115">The **Account Name** - the name of your storage account</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-116">The **Account Key** - On the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), navigate to your storage account and click the **Keys** icon to find this information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-116">The **Account Key** - On the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com), navigate to your storage account and click the **Keys** icon to find this information.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-117">(Optional) **EndpointSuffix** - This is used for storage services in regions with different endpoint suffixes, such as Azure China or Azure Governance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-117">(Optional) **EndpointSuffix** - This is used for storage services in regions with different endpoint suffixes, such as Azure China or Azure Governance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-118">Here is an example of connection string using Shared Key authentication:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-118">Here is an example of connection string using Shared Key authentication:</span></span>

`"DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=your_account_name_here;AccountKey=your_account_key_here"`

### <a name="shared-access-signatures-sas"></a><span data-ttu-id="c2d06-119">Shared Access Signatures (SAS)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-119">Shared Access Signatures (SAS)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-120">For a mobile application, the recommended method for authenticating a request by a client against the Azure Storage service is by using a Shared Access Signature (SAS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-120">For a mobile application, the recommended method for authenticating a request by a client against the Azure Storage service is by using a Shared Access Signature (SAS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-121">SAS allows you to grant a client access to a resource for a specified period of time, with a specified set of permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-121">SAS allows you to grant a client access to a resource for a specified period of time, with a specified set of permissions.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-122">As the storage account owner, you'll need to generate a SAS for your mobile clients to consume.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-122">As the storage account owner, you'll need to generate a SAS for your mobile clients to consume.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-123">To generate the SAS, you'll probably want to write a separate service that generates the SAS to be distributed to your clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-123">To generate the SAS, you'll probably want to write a separate service that generates the SAS to be distributed to your clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-124">For testing purposes, you can use the [Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer](http://storageexplorer.com) or the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) to generate a SAS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-124">For testing purposes, you can use the [Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer](http://storageexplorer.com) or the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) to generate a SAS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-125">When you create the SAS, you can specify the time interval over which the SAS is valid, and the permissions that the SAS grants to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-125">When you create the SAS, you can specify the time interval over which the SAS is valid, and the permissions that the SAS grants to the client.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-126">The following example shows how to use the Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer to generate a SAS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-126">The following example shows how to use the Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer to generate a SAS.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-127">If you haven't already, [Install the Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer](http://storageexplorer.com)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-127">If you haven't already, [Install the Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer](http://storageexplorer.com)</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-128">Connect to your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-128">Connect to your subscription.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-129">Click on your Storage account and click on the "Actions" tab at the bottom left.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-129">Click on your Storage account and click on the "Actions" tab at the bottom left.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-130">Click "Get Shared Access Signature" to generate a "connection string" for your SAS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-130">Click "Get Shared Access Signature" to generate a "connection string" for your SAS.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-131">Here is an example of a SAS connection string that grants read and write permissions at the service, container and object level for the blob service of the Storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-131">Here is an example of a SAS connection string that grants read and write permissions at the service, container and object level for the blob service of the Storage account.</span></span>
   
   `"SharedAccessSignature=sv=2015-04-05&ss=b&srt=sco&sp=rw&se=2016-07-21T18%3A00%3A00Z&sig=3ABdLOJZosCp0o491T%2BqZGKIhafF1nlM3MzESDDD3Gg%3D;BlobEndpoint=https://youraccount.blob.core.windows.net"`

<span data-ttu-id="c2d06-132">As you can see, when using a SAS, you’re not exposing your account key in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-132">As you can see, when using a SAS, you’re not exposing your account key in your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c2d06-133">You can learn more about SAS and best practices for using SAS by checking out [Shared Access Signatures: Understanding the SAS model](../articles/storage/storage-dotnet-shared-access-signature-part-1.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c2d06-133">You can learn more about SAS and best practices for using SAS by checking out [Shared Access Signatures: Understanding the SAS model](../articles/storage/storage-dotnet-shared-access-signature-part-1.md).</span></span>

