---
title: include file
description: include file
services: storage
author: tamram
ms.service: storage
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 03/26/2018
ms.author: tamram
ms.custom: include file
ms.openlocfilehash: 58d81bd4c1ce4b3af91a335039f62df08b340576
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44866632"
---
<span data-ttu-id="27fb5-103">Locally redundant storage (LRS) is designed to provide at least 99.999999999% (11 9's) durability of objects over a given year by replicating your data within a storage scale unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-103">Locally redundant storage (LRS) is designed to provide at least 99.999999999% (11 9's) durability of objects over a given year by replicating your data within a storage scale unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-104">A storage scale unit is hosted in a datacenter in the region in which you created your storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-104">A storage scale unit is hosted in a datacenter in the region in which you created your storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-105">A write request to an LRS storage account returns successfully only after the data has been written to all replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-105">A write request to an LRS storage account returns successfully only after the data has been written to all replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-106">These replicas each reside in separate fault domains and update domains within one storage scale unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-106">These replicas each reside in separate fault domains and update domains within one storage scale unit.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27fb5-107">A storage scale unit is a collection of racks of storage nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-107">A storage scale unit is a collection of racks of storage nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-108">A fault domain (FD) is a group of nodes that represent a physical unit of failure and can be considered as nodes belonging to the same physical rack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-108">A fault domain (FD) is a group of nodes that represent a physical unit of failure and can be considered as nodes belonging to the same physical rack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-109">An upgrade domain (UD) is a group of nodes that are upgraded together during the process of a service upgrade (rollout).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-109">An upgrade domain (UD) is a group of nodes that are upgraded together during the process of a service upgrade (rollout).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-110">The replicas are spread across UDs and FDs within one storage scale unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-110">The replicas are spread across UDs and FDs within one storage scale unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-111">This architecture ensures that your data is available if a hardware failure impacts a single rack or when nodes are upgraded during a rollout.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-111">This architecture ensures that your data is available if a hardware failure impacts a single rack or when nodes are upgraded during a rollout.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="27fb5-112">LRS is the lowest cost replication option and offers the least durability compared to other options.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-112">LRS is the lowest cost replication option and offers the least durability compared to other options.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-113">If a datacenter-level disaster (for example, fire or flooding) occurs, all replicas may be lost or unrecoverable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-113">If a datacenter-level disaster (for example, fire or flooding) occurs, all replicas may be lost or unrecoverable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-114">To mitigate this risk, Microsoft recommends using either zone-redundant storage (ZRS) or geo-redundant storage (GRS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-114">To mitigate this risk, Microsoft recommends using either zone-redundant storage (ZRS) or geo-redundant storage (GRS).</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-115">If your application stores data that can be easily reconstructed if data loss occurs, you may opt for LRS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-115">If your application stores data that can be easily reconstructed if data loss occurs, you may opt for LRS.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-116">Some applications are restricted to replicating data only within a country due to data governance requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-116">Some applications are restricted to replicating data only within a country due to data governance requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-117">In some cases, the paired regions across which data is replicated for GRS accounts may be in another country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-117">In some cases, the paired regions across which data is replicated for GRS accounts may be in another country.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="27fb5-118">For more information on paired regions, see [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="27fb5-118">For more information on paired regions, see [Azure regions](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/).</span></span>
