<!--v-sharos 10/13/2105 virtual device security-->

<span data-ttu-id="7879b-101">Keep the following security considerations in mind when you use the StorSimple virtual device:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7879b-101">Keep the following security considerations in mind when you use the StorSimple virtual device:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="7879b-102">The virtual device is secured through your Microsoft Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7879b-102">The virtual device is secured through your Microsoft Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7879b-103">This means that if you are using the virtual device and your Azure subscription is compromised, the data stored on your virtual device is also susceptible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7879b-103">This means that if you are using the virtual device and your Azure subscription is compromised, the data stored on your virtual device is also susceptible.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="7879b-104">The public key of the certificate used to encrypt data stored in Azure StorSimple is securely made available to the Azure classic portal, and the private key is retained with the StorSimple device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7879b-104">The public key of the certificate used to encrypt data stored in Azure StorSimple is securely made available to the Azure classic portal, and the private key is retained with the StorSimple device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7879b-105">On the StorSimple virtual device, both the public and private keys are stored in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7879b-105">On the StorSimple virtual device, both the public and private keys are stored in Azure.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="7879b-106">The virtual device is hosted in the Microsoft Azure datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7879b-106">The virtual device is hosted in the Microsoft Azure datacenter.</span></span>

