<!--author=SharS last changed: 9/17/15-->

### <a name="upgrade-sharepoint-2010-to-sharepoint-2013-and-then-install-the-storsomple-adapter-for-sharepoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-101">Upgrade SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013 and then install the StorSomple Adapter for SharePoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-101">Upgrade SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013 and then install the StorSomple Adapter for SharePoint</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-102">Any files that were previously moved to external storage via RBS will not be available until the upgrade is finished and the RBS feature is enabled again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-102">Any files that were previously moved to external storage via RBS will not be available until the upgrade is finished and the RBS feature is enabled again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-103">To limit user impact, perform any upgrade or reinstallation during a planned maintenance window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-103">To limit user impact, perform any upgrade or reinstallation during a planned maintenance window.</span></span>
> 
> 

#### <a name="to-upgrade-sharepoint-2010-to-sharepoint-2013-and-then-install-the-adapter"></a><span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-104">To upgrade SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013 and then install the adapter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-104">To upgrade SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013 and then install the adapter</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-105">In the SharePoint 2010 farm, note the BLOB store path for the externalized BLOBs and the content databases for which RBS is enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-105">In the SharePoint 2010 farm, note the BLOB store path for the externalized BLOBs and the content databases for which RBS is enabled.</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-106">Install and configure the new SharePoint 2013 farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-106">Install and configure the new SharePoint 2013 farm.</span></span> 
3. <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-107">Move databases, applications, and site collections from the SharePoint 2010 farm to the new SharePoint 2013 farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-107">Move databases, applications, and site collections from the SharePoint 2010 farm to the new SharePoint 2013 farm.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-108">For instructions, go to [Overview of the upgrade process to SharePoint 2013](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc262483.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-108">For instructions, go to [Overview of the upgrade process to SharePoint 2013](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/cc262483.aspx).</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-109">Install the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint on the new farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-109">Install the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint on the new farm.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-110">Go to [Install the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint](#install-the-storsimple-adapter-for-sharepoint) for procedures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-110">Go to [Install the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint](#install-the-storsimple-adapter-for-sharepoint) for procedures.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-111">Using the information that you noted in step 1, enable RBS for the same set of content databases and provide the same BLOB store path that was used in the SharePoint 2010 installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-111">Using the information that you noted in step 1, enable RBS for the same set of content databases and provide the same BLOB store path that was used in the SharePoint 2010 installation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-112">Go to [Configure RBS](#configure-rbs) for procedures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-112">Go to [Configure RBS](#configure-rbs) for procedures.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-113">After you complete this step, previously externalized files should be accessible from the new farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-113">After you complete this step, previously externalized files should be accessible from the new farm.</span></span> 

### <a name="upgrade-the-storsimple-adapter-for-sharepoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-114">Upgrade the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-114">Upgrade the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint</span></span>
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-115">You should schedule this upgrade to occur during a planned maintenance window for the following reasons:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-115">You should schedule this upgrade to occur during a planned maintenance window for the following reasons:</span></span>
> 
> * <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-116">Previously externalized content will not be available until the adapter is reinstalled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-116">Previously externalized content will not be available until the adapter is reinstalled.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-117">Any content uploaded to the site after you uninstall the previous version of the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint, but before you install the new version, will be stored in the content database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-117">Any content uploaded to the site after you uninstall the previous version of the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint, but before you install the new version, will be stored in the content database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-118">You will need to move that content to the StorSimple device after you install the new adapter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-118">You will need to move that content to the StorSimple device after you install the new adapter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-119">You can use the Microsoft` RBS Migrate()` PowerShell cmdlet included with SharePoint to migrate the content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-119">You can use the Microsoft` RBS Migrate()` PowerShell cmdlet included with SharePoint to migrate the content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-120">For more information, see [Migrate content into or out of RBS](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ff628255.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-120">For more information, see [Migrate content into or out of RBS](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ff628255.aspx).</span></span> 
> 
> 

#### <a name="to-upgrade-the-storsimple-adapter-for-sharepoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-121">To upgrade the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-121">To upgrade the StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-122">Uninstall the previous version of StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-122">Uninstall the previous version of StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint.</span></span>
   
   > [!NOTE]
   > <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-123">This will automatically disable RBS on the content databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-123">This will automatically disable RBS on the content databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-124">However, existing BLOBs will remain on the StorSimple device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-124">However, existing BLOBs will remain on the StorSimple device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-125">Because RBS is disabled and the BLOBs have not been migrated back to the content databases, any requests for those BLOBs will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-125">Because RBS is disabled and the BLOBs have not been migrated back to the content databases, any requests for those BLOBs will fail.</span></span> 
   > 
   > 
2. <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-126">Install the new StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-126">Install the new StorSimple Adapter for SharePoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5ed4b-127">The new adapter will automatically recognize the content databases that were previously enabled or disabled for RBS and will use the previous settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5ed4b-127">The new adapter will automatically recognize the content databases that were previously enabled or disabled for RBS and will use the previous settings.</span></span>

