<span data-ttu-id="22994-101">There are two types of storage accounts:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-101">There are two types of storage accounts:</span></span>

### <a name="general-purpose-storage-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="22994-102">General-purpose Storage Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-102">General-purpose Storage Accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="22994-103">A general-purpose storage account gives you access to Azure Storage services such as Tables, Queues, Files, Blobs and Azure virtual machine disks under a single account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-103">A general-purpose storage account gives you access to Azure Storage services such as Tables, Queues, Files, Blobs and Azure virtual machine disks under a single account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-104">This type of storage account has two performance tiers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-104">This type of storage account has two performance tiers:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="22994-105">A standard storage performance tier which allows you to store Tables, Queues, Files, Blobs and Azure virtual machine disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-105">A standard storage performance tier which allows you to store Tables, Queues, Files, Blobs and Azure virtual machine disks.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="22994-106">A premium storage performance tier which currently only supports Azure virtual machine disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-106">A premium storage performance tier which currently only supports Azure virtual machine disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-107">See [Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure Virtual Machine Workloads](../articles/storage/storage-premium-storage.md) for an in-depth overview of Premium storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-107">See [Premium Storage: High-Performance Storage for Azure Virtual Machine Workloads](../articles/storage/storage-premium-storage.md) for an in-depth overview of Premium storage.</span></span>

### <a name="blob-storage-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="22994-108">Blob Storage Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-108">Blob Storage Accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="22994-109">A Blob storage account is a specialized storage account for storing your unstructured data as blobs (objects) in Azure Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-109">A Blob storage account is a specialized storage account for storing your unstructured data as blobs (objects) in Azure Storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-110">Blob storage accounts are similar to your existing general-purpose storage accounts and share all the great durability, availability, scalability, and performance features that you use today including 100% API consistency for block blobs and append blobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-110">Blob storage accounts are similar to your existing general-purpose storage accounts and share all the great durability, availability, scalability, and performance features that you use today including 100% API consistency for block blobs and append blobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-111">For applications requiring only block or append blob storage, we recommend using Blob storage accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-111">For applications requiring only block or append blob storage, we recommend using Blob storage accounts.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="22994-112">Blob storage accounts support only block and append blobs, and not page blobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-112">Blob storage accounts support only block and append blobs, and not page blobs.</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="22994-113">Blob storage accounts expose the **Access Tier** attribute which can be specified during account creation and modified later as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-113">Blob storage accounts expose the **Access Tier** attribute which can be specified during account creation and modified later as needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-114">There are two types of access tiers that can be specified based on your data access pattern:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-114">There are two types of access tiers that can be specified based on your data access pattern:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="22994-115">A **Hot** access tier which indicates that the objects in the storage account will be more frequently accessed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-115">A **Hot** access tier which indicates that the objects in the storage account will be more frequently accessed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-116">This allows you to store data at a lower access cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-116">This allows you to store data at a lower access cost.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="22994-117">A **Cool** access tier which indicates that the objects in the storage account will be less frequently accessed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-117">A **Cool** access tier which indicates that the objects in the storage account will be less frequently accessed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-118">This allows you to store data at a lower data storage cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-118">This allows you to store data at a lower data storage cost.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22994-119">If there is a change in the usage pattern of your data, you can also switch between these access tiers at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-119">If there is a change in the usage pattern of your data, you can also switch between these access tiers at any time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-120">Changing the access tier may result in additional charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-120">Changing the access tier may result in additional charges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-121">Please see [Pricing and billing for Blob storage accounts](../articles/storage/storage-blob-storage-tiers.md#pricing-and-billing) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-121">Please see [Pricing and billing for Blob storage accounts](../articles/storage/storage-blob-storage-tiers.md#pricing-and-billing) for more details.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22994-122">For more details on Blob storage accounts, see [Azure Blob Storage: Cool and Hot tiers](../articles/storage/storage-blob-storage-tiers.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-122">For more details on Blob storage accounts, see [Azure Blob Storage: Cool and Hot tiers](../articles/storage/storage-blob-storage-tiers.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22994-123">Before you can create a storage account, you must have an Azure subscription, which is a plan that gives you access to a variety of Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-123">Before you can create a storage account, you must have an Azure subscription, which is a plan that gives you access to a variety of Azure services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-124">You can get started with Azure with a [free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-124">You can get started with Azure with a [free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-125">Once you decide to purchase a subscription plan, you can choose from a variety of [purchase options](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/purchase-options/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-125">Once you decide to purchase a subscription plan, you can choose from a variety of [purchase options](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/purchase-options/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-126">If you’re an [MSDN subscriber](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/), you get free monthly credits that you can use with Azure services, including Azure Storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-126">If you’re an [MSDN subscriber](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/), you get free monthly credits that you can use with Azure services, including Azure Storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-127">See [Azure Storage Pricing ](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/) for information on volume pricing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-127">See [Azure Storage Pricing ](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/) for information on volume pricing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22994-128">To learn how to create a storage account, see [Create a storage account](../articles/storage/storage-create-storage-account.md#create-a-storage-account) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-128">To learn how to create a storage account, see [Create a storage account](../articles/storage/storage-create-storage-account.md#create-a-storage-account) for more details.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-129">You can create up to 100 uniquely named storage accounts with a single subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-129">You can create up to 100 uniquely named storage accounts with a single subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22994-130">See [Azure Storage Scalability and Performance Targets](../articles/storage/storage-scalability-targets.md) for details about storage account limits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22994-130">See [Azure Storage Scalability and Performance Targets](../articles/storage/storage-scalability-targets.md) for details about storage account limits.</span></span>

