
## <a name="key-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-101">Key features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-101">Key features</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-102">**High-performance hardware** – These instances are designed and optimized for compute-intensive and network-intensive applications, including high-performance computing (HPC) and batch applications, modeling, and large-scale simulations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-102">**High-performance hardware** – These instances are designed and optimized for compute-intensive and network-intensive applications, including high-performance computing (HPC) and batch applications, modeling, and large-scale simulations.</span></span> 
  
    <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-103">Details about the Intel Xeon E5-2667 v3 processor (used in the H-series) and Intel Xeon E5-2670 processor (in A8 - A11), including supported instruction set extensions, are at the Intel.com website.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-103">Details about the Intel Xeon E5-2667 v3 processor (used in the H-series) and Intel Xeon E5-2670 processor (in A8 - A11), including supported instruction set extensions, are at the Intel.com website.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-104">**Designed for HPC clusters** – Deploy multiple compute-intensive instances in Azure to create a stand-alone HPC cluster or to add capacity to an on-premises cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-104">**Designed for HPC clusters** – Deploy multiple compute-intensive instances in Azure to create a stand-alone HPC cluster or to add capacity to an on-premises cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-105">If you want to, deploy cluster management and job scheduling tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-105">If you want to, deploy cluster management and job scheduling tools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-106">Or, use the instances for compute-intensive work in another Azure service such as Azure Batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-106">Or, use the instances for compute-intensive work in another Azure service such as Azure Batch.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-107">**RDMA network connection for MPI applications** – A subset of the compute-intensive instances (H16r, H16mr, A8, and A9) feature a second network interface for remote direct memory access (RDMA) connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-107">**RDMA network connection for MPI applications** – A subset of the compute-intensive instances (H16r, H16mr, A8, and A9) feature a second network interface for remote direct memory access (RDMA) connectivity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-108">This interface is in addition to the standard Azure network interface available to other VM sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-108">This interface is in addition to the standard Azure network interface available to other VM sizes.</span></span> 
  
    <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-109">This interface allows RDMA-capable instances to communicate with each other over an InfiniBand network, operating at FDR rates for H16r and H16mr virtual machines, and QDR rates for A8 and A9 virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-109">This interface allows RDMA-capable instances to communicate with each other over an InfiniBand network, operating at FDR rates for H16r and H16mr virtual machines, and QDR rates for A8 and A9 virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-110">The RDMA capabilities exposed in these virtual machines can boost the scalability and performance of certain Linux and Windows Message Passing Interface (MPI) applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-110">The RDMA capabilities exposed in these virtual machines can boost the scalability and performance of certain Linux and Windows Message Passing Interface (MPI) applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-111">See [Access to the RDMA network](#access-to-the-rdma-network) in this article for requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-111">See [Access to the RDMA network](#access-to-the-rdma-network) in this article for requirements.</span></span>

## <a name="deployment-considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-112">Deployment considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-112">Deployment considerations</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-113">**Azure subscription** – To deploy more than a few compute-intensive instances, consider a pay-as-you-go subscription or other purchase options.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-113">**Azure subscription** – To deploy more than a few compute-intensive instances, consider a pay-as-you-go subscription or other purchase options.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-114">If you're using an [Azure free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), you can use only a limited number of Azure compute cores.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-114">If you're using an [Azure free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/), you can use only a limited number of Azure compute cores.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-115">**Pricing and availability** - The compute-intensive VM sizes are offered only in the Standard pricing tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-115">**Pricing and availability** - The compute-intensive VM sizes are offered only in the Standard pricing tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-116">Check [Products available by region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/) for availability in Azure regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-116">Check [Products available by region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/services/) for availability in Azure regions.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-117">**Cores quota** – You might need to increase the cores quota in your Azure subscription from the default value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-117">**Cores quota** – You might need to increase the cores quota in your Azure subscription from the default value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-118">Your subscription might also limit the number of cores you can deploy in certain VM size families, including the H-series.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-118">Your subscription might also limit the number of cores you can deploy in certain VM size families, including the H-series.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-119">To request a quota increase, [open an online customer support request](../articles/azure-supportability/how-to-create-azure-support-request.md) at no charge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-119">To request a quota increase, [open an online customer support request](../articles/azure-supportability/how-to-create-azure-support-request.md) at no charge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-120">(Default limits may vary depending on your subscription category.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-120">(Default limits may vary depending on your subscription category.)</span></span>
  
  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-121">Contact Azure Support if you have large-scale capacity needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-121">Contact Azure Support if you have large-scale capacity needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-122">Azure quotas are credit limits, not capacity guarantees.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-122">Azure quotas are credit limits, not capacity guarantees.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-123">Regardless of your quota, you are only charged for cores that you use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-123">Regardless of your quota, you are only charged for cores that you use.</span></span>
  > 
  > 
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-124">**Virtual network** – An Azure [virtual network](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/virtual-network/) is not required to use the compute-intensive instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-124">**Virtual network** – An Azure [virtual network](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/virtual-network/) is not required to use the compute-intensive instances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-125">However, you may need at least a cloud-based Azure virtual network for many deployment scenarios, or a site-to-site connection if you need to access on-premises resources such as an application license server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-125">However, you may need at least a cloud-based Azure virtual network for many deployment scenarios, or a site-to-site connection if you need to access on-premises resources such as an application license server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-126">If one is needed, create a new virtual network to deploy the instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-126">If one is needed, create a new virtual network to deploy the instances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-127">Adding compute-intensive VMs to a virtual network in an affinity group is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-127">Adding compute-intensive VMs to a virtual network in an affinity group is not supported.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-128">**Cloud service or availability set** – To use the Azure RDMA network, deploy the RDMA-capable VMs in the same cloud service (if you use the classic deployment model) or the same availability set (if you use the Azure Resource Manager deployment model).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-128">**Cloud service or availability set** – To use the Azure RDMA network, deploy the RDMA-capable VMs in the same cloud service (if you use the classic deployment model) or the same availability set (if you use the Azure Resource Manager deployment model).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-129">If you use Azure Batch, the RDMA-capable VMs must be in the same pool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-129">If you use Azure Batch, the RDMA-capable VMs must be in the same pool.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-130">**Resizing** – Because of the specialized hardware used in the compute-intensive instances, you can only resize compute-intensive instances within the same size family (H-series or compute-intensive A-series).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-130">**Resizing** – Because of the specialized hardware used in the compute-intensive instances, you can only resize compute-intensive instances within the same size family (H-series or compute-intensive A-series).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-131">For example, you can only resize an H-series VM from one H-series size to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-131">For example, you can only resize an H-series VM from one H-series size to another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-132">In addition, resizing from a non-compute-intensive size to a compute-intensive size is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-132">In addition, resizing from a non-compute-intensive size to a compute-intensive size is not supported.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-133">**RDMA network address space** - The RDMA network in Azure reserves the address space 172.16.0.0/16.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-133">**RDMA network address space** - The RDMA network in Azure reserves the address space 172.16.0.0/16.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c5e5a-134">To run MPI applications on instances deployed in an Azure virtual network, make sure that the virtual network address space does not overlap the RDMA network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c5e5a-134">To run MPI applications on instances deployed in an Azure virtual network, make sure that the virtual network address space does not overlap the RDMA network.</span></span>

