<span data-ttu-id="ee677-101">You can create virtual machines (VMs) in Azure and attach multiple network interfaces (NICs) to each of your VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ee677-101">You can create virtual machines (VMs) in Azure and attach multiple network interfaces (NICs) to each of your VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ee677-102">Multi NIC is a requirement for many network virtual appliances, such as application delivery and WAN optimization solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ee677-102">Multi NIC is a requirement for many network virtual appliances, such as application delivery and WAN optimization solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ee677-103">Multi NIC also provides more network traffic management functionality, including isolation of traffic between a front end NIC and back end NIC(s), or separation of data plane traffic from management plane traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ee677-103">Multi NIC also provides more network traffic management functionality, including isolation of traffic between a front end NIC and back end NIC(s), or separation of data plane traffic from management plane traffic.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ee677-104">Before you can implement multi NICs in VMs, it is necessary to understand when you can use multi NICs, and how they are used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ee677-104">Before you can implement multi NICs in VMs, it is necessary to understand when you can use multi NICs, and how they are used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ee677-105">Read the [multi NIC overview](../articles/virtual-network/virtual-networks-multiple-nics.md) to learn more about VMs with multiple NICs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ee677-105">Read the [multi NIC overview](../articles/virtual-network/virtual-networks-multiple-nics.md) to learn more about VMs with multiple NICs.</span></span>

