
## <a name="size-table-definitions"></a><span data-ttu-id="0e458-101">Size table definitions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-101">Size table definitions</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="0e458-102">Storage capacity is shown in units of GiB or 1024^3 bytes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-102">Storage capacity is shown in units of GiB or 1024^3 bytes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0e458-103">When comparing disks measured in GB (1000^3 bytes) to disks measured in GiB (1024^3) remember that capacity numbers given in GiB may appear smaller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-103">When comparing disks measured in GB (1000^3 bytes) to disks measured in GiB (1024^3) remember that capacity numbers given in GiB may appear smaller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0e458-104">For example, 1023 GiB = 1098.4 GB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-104">For example, 1023 GiB = 1098.4 GB</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="0e458-105">Disk throughput is measured in input/output operations per second (IOPS) and MBps where MBps = 10^6 bytes/sec.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-105">Disk throughput is measured in input/output operations per second (IOPS) and MBps where MBps = 10^6 bytes/sec.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="0e458-106">Data disks can operate in cached or uncached modes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-106">Data disks can operate in cached or uncached modes.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="0e458-107">For cached data disk operation, the host cache mode is set to **ReadOnly** or **ReadWrite**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-107">For cached data disk operation, the host cache mode is set to **ReadOnly** or **ReadWrite**.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="0e458-108">For uncached data disk operation, the host cache mode is set to **None**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-108">For uncached data disk operation, the host cache mode is set to **None**.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="0e458-109">Maximum network bandwidth is the maximum aggregated bandwidth allocated and assigned per VM type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-109">Maximum network bandwidth is the maximum aggregated bandwidth allocated and assigned per VM type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0e458-110">The maximum bandwidth provides guidance for selecting the right VM type to ensure adequate network capacity is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-110">The maximum bandwidth provides guidance for selecting the right VM type to ensure adequate network capacity is available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0e458-111">When moving between Low, Moderate, High and Very High, the throughput will increase accordingly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-111">When moving between Low, Moderate, High and Very High, the throughput will increase accordingly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0e458-112">Actual network performance will depend on many factors including network and application loads, and application network settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0e458-112">Actual network performance will depend on many factors including network and application loads, and application network settings.</span></span>