

<span data-ttu-id="54d46-101">VM extensions can help you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-101">VM extensions can help you:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-102">Modify security and identity features, such as resetting account values and using antimalware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-102">Modify security and identity features, such as resetting account values and using antimalware</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-103">Start, stop, or configure monitoring and diagnostics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-103">Start, stop, or configure monitoring and diagnostics</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-104">Reset or install connectivity features, such as RDP and SSH</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-104">Reset or install connectivity features, such as RDP and SSH</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-105">Diagnose, monitor, and manage your VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-105">Diagnose, monitor, and manage your VMs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54d46-106">There are many other features as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-106">There are many other features as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-107">New VM Extension features are released regularly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-107">New VM Extension features are released regularly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-108">This article describes the Azure VM Agents for Windows and Linux, and how they support VM Extension functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-108">This article describes the Azure VM Agents for Windows and Linux, and how they support VM Extension functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-109">For a listing of VM Extensions by feature category, see [Azure VM Extensions and Features](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/extensions-features.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-109">For a listing of VM Extensions by feature category, see [Azure VM Extensions and Features](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/extensions-features.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

## <a name="azure-vm-agents-for-windows-and-linux"></a><span data-ttu-id="54d46-110">Azure VM Agents for Windows and Linux</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-110">Azure VM Agents for Windows and Linux</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="54d46-111">The Azure Virtual Machines Agent (VM Agent) is a secured, light-weight process that installs, configures, and removes VM extensions on instances of Azure Virtual Machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-111">The Azure Virtual Machines Agent (VM Agent) is a secured, light-weight process that installs, configures, and removes VM extensions on instances of Azure Virtual Machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-112">The VM Agent acts as the secure local control service for your Azure VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-112">The VM Agent acts as the secure local control service for your Azure VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-113">The extensions that the agent loads provide specific features to increase your productivity using the instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-113">The extensions that the agent loads provide specific features to increase your productivity using the instance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54d46-114">Two Azure VM Agents exist, one for Windows VMs and one for Linux VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-114">Two Azure VM Agents exist, one for Windows VMs and one for Linux VMs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="54d46-115">If you want a virtual machine instance to use one or more VM extensions, the instance must have an installed VM Agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-115">If you want a virtual machine instance to use one or more VM extensions, the instance must have an installed VM Agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-116">A virtual machine image created by using the Azure portal and an image from the **Marketplace** automatically installs a VM Agent in the creation process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-116">A virtual machine image created by using the Azure portal and an image from the **Marketplace** automatically installs a VM Agent in the creation process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-117">If a virtual machine instance lacks a VM Agent, you can install the VM Agent after the virtual machine instance is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-117">If a virtual machine instance lacks a VM Agent, you can install the VM Agent after the virtual machine instance is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-118">Or, you can install the agent in a custom VM image that you then upload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-118">Or, you can install the agent in a custom VM image that you then upload.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-119">These VM Agents are very light-weight, services that enable secured administration of virtual machine instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-119">These VM Agents are very light-weight, services that enable secured administration of virtual machine instances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-120">There might be cases in which you do not want the VM Agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-120">There might be cases in which you do not want the VM Agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-121">If so, be sure to create VMs that do not have the VM Agent installed using the Azure CLI or PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-121">If so, be sure to create VMs that do not have the VM Agent installed using the Azure CLI or PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-122">Although the VM Agent can be removed physically, the behavior of VM Extensions on the instance is undefined.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-122">Although the VM Agent can be removed physically, the behavior of VM Extensions on the instance is undefined.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-123">As a result, removing an installed VM Agent is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-123">As a result, removing an installed VM Agent is not supported.</span></span>
>

<span data-ttu-id="54d46-124">The VM Agent is enabled in the following situations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-124">The VM Agent is enabled in the following situations:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-125">When you create an instance of a VM by using the Azure portal and selecting an image from the **Marketplace**,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-125">When you create an instance of a VM by using the Azure portal and selecting an image from the **Marketplace**,</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-126">When you create an instance of a VM by using the [New-AzureVM](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn495254.aspx) or the [New-AzureQuickVM](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn495183.aspx) cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-126">When you create an instance of a VM by using the [New-AzureVM](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn495254.aspx) or the [New-AzureQuickVM](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn495183.aspx) cmdlet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-127">You can create a VM without a VM Agent by adding the **–DisableGuestAgent** parameter to the [Add-AzureProvisioningConfig](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn495299.aspx) cmdlet,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-127">You can create a VM without a VM Agent by adding the **–DisableGuestAgent** parameter to the [Add-AzureProvisioningConfig](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn495299.aspx) cmdlet,</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-128">When you manually download and install the VM Agent on an existing VM instance, and set the **ProvisionGuestAgent** value to **true**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-128">When you manually download and install the VM Agent on an existing VM instance, and set the **ProvisionGuestAgent** value to **true**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-129">You can use this technique for Windows and Linux agents, by using a PowerShell command or a REST call.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-129">You can use this technique for Windows and Linux agents, by using a PowerShell command or a REST call.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-130">(If you do not set the **ProvisionGuestAgent** value after manually installing the VM Agent, the addition of the VM Agent is not detected properly.) The following code example shows how to do this using PowerShell where the `$svc` and `$name` arguments have already been determined:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-130">(If you do not set the **ProvisionGuestAgent** value after manually installing the VM Agent, the addition of the VM Agent is not detected properly.) The following code example shows how to do this using PowerShell where the `$svc` and `$name` arguments have already been determined:</span></span>

      $vm = Get-AzureVM –ServiceName $svc –Name $name
      $vm.VM.ProvisionGuestAgent = $TRUE
      Update-AzureVM –Name $name –VM $vm.VM –ServiceName $svc

* <span data-ttu-id="54d46-131">When you create a VM image that includes an installed VM Agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-131">When you create a VM image that includes an installed VM Agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-132">Once the image with the VM Agent exists, you can upload that image to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-132">Once the image with the VM Agent exists, you can upload that image to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-133">For a Windows VM, download the [Windows VM Agent .msi file](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=394789) and install the VM Agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-133">For a Windows VM, download the [Windows VM Agent .msi file](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=394789) and install the VM Agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-134">For a Linux VM, install the VM Agent from the GitHub repository located at <https://github.com/Azure/WALinuxAgent>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-134">For a Linux VM, install the VM Agent from the GitHub repository located at <https://github.com/Azure/WALinuxAgent>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-135">For more information on how to install the VM Agent on Linux, see the [Azure Linux VM Agent User Guide](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/agent-user-guide.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-135">For more information on how to install the VM Agent on Linux, see the [Azure Linux VM Agent User Guide](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/agent-user-guide.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-136">In PaaS, the VM Agent is called **WindowsAzureGuestAgent**, and is always available on Web and Worker Role VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-136">In PaaS, the VM Agent is called **WindowsAzureGuestAgent**, and is always available on Web and Worker Role VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-137">(For more information, see [Azure Role Architecture](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/kwill/archive/2011/05/05/windows-azure-role-architecture.aspx).) The VM Agent for Role VMs can now add extensions to the cloud service VMs in the same way that it does for persistent Virtual Machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-137">(For more information, see [Azure Role Architecture](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/kwill/archive/2011/05/05/windows-azure-role-architecture.aspx).) The VM Agent for Role VMs can now add extensions to the cloud service VMs in the same way that it does for persistent Virtual Machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-138">The biggest difference between VM Extensions on role VMs and persistent VMs is when the VM extensions are added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-138">The biggest difference between VM Extensions on role VMs and persistent VMs is when the VM extensions are added.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-139">With role VMs, extensions are added first to the cloud service, then to the deployments within that cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-139">With role VMs, extensions are added first to the cloud service, then to the deployments within that cloud service.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="54d46-140">Use the [Get-AzureServiceAvailableExtension](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn722498.aspx) cmdlet to list all available role VM extensions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-140">Use the [Get-AzureServiceAvailableExtension](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn722498.aspx) cmdlet to list all available role VM extensions.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="find-add-update-and-remove-vm-extensions"></a><span data-ttu-id="54d46-141">Find, Add, Update, and Remove VM Extensions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-141">Find, Add, Update, and Remove VM Extensions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="54d46-142">For details on these tasks, see [Add, Find, Update, and Remove Azure VM Extensions](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/classic/manage-extensions.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2fclassic%2ftoc.json).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="54d46-142">For details on these tasks, see [Add, Find, Update, and Remove Azure VM Extensions](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/classic/manage-extensions.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2fclassic%2ftoc.json).</span></span>
