<span data-ttu-id="1709e-101">Your IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and PaaS role instances in a virtual network automatically receive a private IP address from a range that you specify, based on the subnet they are connected to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1709e-101">Your IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and PaaS role instances in a virtual network automatically receive a private IP address from a range that you specify, based on the subnet they are connected to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1709e-102">That address is retained by the VMs and role instances, until they are decommissioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1709e-102">That address is retained by the VMs and role instances, until they are decommissioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1709e-103">You decommission a VM or role instance by stopping it from PowerShell, the Azure CLI, or the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1709e-103">You decommission a VM or role instance by stopping it from PowerShell, the Azure CLI, or the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1709e-104">In those cases, once the VM or role instance starts again, it will receive an available IP address from the Azure infrastructure, which might not be the same it previously had.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1709e-104">In those cases, once the VM or role instance starts again, it will receive an available IP address from the Azure infrastructure, which might not be the same it previously had.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1709e-105">If you shut down the VM or role instance from the guest operating system, it retains the IP address it had.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1709e-105">If you shut down the VM or role instance from the guest operating system, it retains the IP address it had.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="1709e-106">In certain cases, you want a VM or role instance to have a static IP address, for example, if your VM is going to run DNS or will be a domain controller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1709e-106">In certain cases, you want a VM or role instance to have a static IP address, for example, if your VM is going to run DNS or will be a domain controller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1709e-107">You can do so by setting a static private IP address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1709e-107">You can do so by setting a static private IP address.</span></span>

