## <a name="vpn-gateway"></a><span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-101">VPN Gateway</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-101">VPN Gateway</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-102">A VPN gateway resource enables you to create a secure connection between their on-premises data center and Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-102">A VPN gateway resource enables you to create a secure connection between their on-premises data center and Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-103">A VPN gateway resource can be configured in three different ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-103">A VPN gateway resource can be configured in three different ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-104">**Point to Site** – you can securely access your Azure resources hosted in a VNET by using a VPN client from any computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-104">**Point to Site** – you can securely access your Azure resources hosted in a VNET by using a VPN client from any computer.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-105">**Multi-site connection** – you can securely connect from your on-premises data centers to resources running in a VNET.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-105">**Multi-site connection** – you can securely connect from your on-premises data centers to resources running in a VNET.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-106">**VNET to VNET** – you can securely connect across Azure VNETS within the same region, or across regions to build workloads with geo-redundancy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-106">**VNET to VNET** – you can securely connect across Azure VNETS within the same region, or across regions to build workloads with geo-redundancy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-107">Key properties of a VPN gateway include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-107">Key properties of a VPN gateway include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-108">**Gateway type** - dynamically routed or a static routed gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-108">**Gateway type** - dynamically routed or a static routed gateway.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="7ef9d-109">**VPN Client Address Pool Prefix** – IP addresses to be assigned to clients connecting in a point to site configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7ef9d-109">**VPN Client Address Pool Prefix** – IP addresses to be assigned to clients connecting in a point to site configuration.</span></span>

