<span data-ttu-id="922d1-101">You open a port, or create an endpoint, to a virtual machine (VM) in Azure by creating a network filter on a subnet or VM network interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-101">You open a port, or create an endpoint, to a virtual machine (VM) in Azure by creating a network filter on a subnet or VM network interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="922d1-102">You place these filters, which control both inbound and outbound traffic, on a Network Security Group attached to the resource that receives the traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-102">You place these filters, which control both inbound and outbound traffic, on a Network Security Group attached to the resource that receives the traffic.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="922d1-103">Let's use a common example of web traffic on port 80.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-103">Let's use a common example of web traffic on port 80.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="922d1-104">Once you have a VM that is configured to serve web requests on the standard TCP port 80 (remember to start the appropriate services and open any OS firewall rules on the VM as well), you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-104">Once you have a VM that is configured to serve web requests on the standard TCP port 80 (remember to start the appropriate services and open any OS firewall rules on the VM as well), you:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="922d1-105">Create a Network Security Group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-105">Create a Network Security Group.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="922d1-106">Create an inbound rule allowing traffic with:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-106">Create an inbound rule allowing traffic with:</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="922d1-107">the destination port range of "80"</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-107">the destination port range of "80"</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="922d1-108">the source port range of "\*" (allowing any source port)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-108">the source port range of "\*" (allowing any source port)</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="922d1-109">a priority value of less 65,500 (to be higher in priority than the default catch-all deny inbound rule)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-109">a priority value of less 65,500 (to be higher in priority than the default catch-all deny inbound rule)</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="922d1-110">Associate the Network Security Group with the VM network interface or subnet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-110">Associate the Network Security Group with the VM network interface or subnet.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="922d1-111">You can create complex network configurations to secure your environment using Network Security Groups and rules.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-111">You can create complex network configurations to secure your environment using Network Security Groups and rules.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="922d1-112">Our example uses only one or two rules that allow HTTP traffic or remote management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-112">Our example uses only one or two rules that allow HTTP traffic or remote management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="922d1-113">For more information, see the following ['More Information'](#more-information-on-network-security-groups) section or [What is a Network Security Group?](../articles/virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="922d1-113">For more information, see the following ['More Information'](#more-information-on-network-security-groups) section or [What is a Network Security Group?](../articles/virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg.md)</span></span>

