
## <a name="planning-and-implementation"></a><span data-ttu-id="80e6f-101">Planning and Implementation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-101">Planning and Implementation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-102">Title: SAP NetWeaver on Azure Virtual Machines – Planning and Implementation Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-102">Title: SAP NetWeaver on Azure Virtual Machines – Planning and Implementation Guide</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-103">Summary: This is the paper to start with if you are thinking about running SAP NetWeaver in Azure Virtual Machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-103">Summary: This is the paper to start with if you are thinking about running SAP NetWeaver in Azure Virtual Machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-104">This planning and implementation guide will help you evaluate whether an existing or planned SAP NetWeaver-based system can be deployed to an Azure Virtual Machines environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-104">This planning and implementation guide will help you evaluate whether an existing or planned SAP NetWeaver-based system can be deployed to an Azure Virtual Machines environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-105">It covers multiple SAP NetWeaver deployment scenarios, and includes SAP configurations that are specific to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-105">It covers multiple SAP NetWeaver deployment scenarios, and includes SAP configurations that are specific to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-106">The paper lists and describes all the necessary configuration information you’ll need on the SAP/Azure side to run a hybrid SAP landscape.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-106">The paper lists and describes all the necessary configuration information you’ll need on the SAP/Azure side to run a hybrid SAP landscape.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-107">Measures you can take to ensure high availability of SAP NetWeaver-based systems on IaaS are also covered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-107">Measures you can take to ensure high availability of SAP NetWeaver-based systems on IaaS are also covered.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-108">Updated: August 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-108">Updated: August 2015</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-109">Download this guide now</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-109">Download this guide now</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=397963)

## <a name="deployment"></a><span data-ttu-id="80e6f-110">Deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-110">Deployment</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-111">Title: SAP NetWeaver on Azure Virtual Machines – Deployment Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-111">Title: SAP NetWeaver on Azure Virtual Machines – Deployment Guide</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-112">Summary: This document provides procedural guidance for deploying SAP NetWeaver software to virtual machines in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-112">Summary: This document provides procedural guidance for deploying SAP NetWeaver software to virtual machines in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-113">This paper focuses on three specific deployment scenarios, with an emphasis on enabling the Azure Monitoring Extensions for SAP, including troubleshooting recommendations for the Azure Monitoring Extensions for SAP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-113">This paper focuses on three specific deployment scenarios, with an emphasis on enabling the Azure Monitoring Extensions for SAP, including troubleshooting recommendations for the Azure Monitoring Extensions for SAP.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-114">This paper assumes that you’ve read the planning and implementation guide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-114">This paper assumes that you’ve read the planning and implementation guide.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-115">Updated: September 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-115">Updated: September 2015</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-116">Download this guide now</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-116">Download this guide now</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=397964)

## <a name="sap-dbms-on-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="80e6f-117">SAP DBMS on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-117">SAP DBMS on Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-118">Title: SAP DBMS in Azure Deployment Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-118">Title: SAP DBMS in Azure Deployment Guide</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-119">Summary: This paper covers planning and implementation considerations for the DBMS systems that should run in conjunction with SAP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-119">Summary: This paper covers planning and implementation considerations for the DBMS systems that should run in conjunction with SAP.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-120">In the first part, general considerations are listed and presented.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-120">In the first part, general considerations are listed and presented.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-121">The following parts of the paper relate to deployments of different DBMS in Azure that are supported by SAP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-121">The following parts of the paper relate to deployments of different DBMS in Azure that are supported by SAP.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-122">Different DBMS presented are SQL Server, SAP ASE, Oracle, SAP MaxDB and IBM DB2 for Linux, Unix and Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-122">Different DBMS presented are SQL Server, SAP ASE, Oracle, SAP MaxDB and IBM DB2 for Linux, Unix and Windows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-123">In those specific parts considerations you have to account for when you are running SAP systems on Azure in conjunction with those DBMS are discussed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-123">In those specific parts considerations you have to account for when you are running SAP systems on Azure in conjunction with those DBMS are discussed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-124">Subjects like backup and high availability methods that are supported by the different DBMS on Azure are presented for the usage with SAP applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-124">Subjects like backup and high availability methods that are supported by the different DBMS on Azure are presented for the usage with SAP applications.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-125">Updated: December 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-125">Updated: December 2015</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-126">Download this guide now</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-126">Download this guide now</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=397965)

## <a name="sap-netweaver-on-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="80e6f-127">SAP NetWeaver on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-127">SAP NetWeaver on Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-128">Title: SAP NetWeaver - Building an Azure based Disaster Recovery Solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-128">Title: SAP NetWeaver - Building an Azure based Disaster Recovery Solution</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-129">Summary:This document provides a step-by-step guidance for building an Azure based Disaster Recovery solution for SAP NetWeaver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-129">Summary:This document provides a step-by-step guidance for building an Azure based Disaster Recovery solution for SAP NetWeaver.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-130">The solution described assumes that the SAP landscape is running virtualized on-premise based on Hyper-V.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-130">The solution described assumes that the SAP landscape is running virtualized on-premise based on Hyper-V.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-131">In the first part of the document Azure Site Recovery (ASR) services are introduced in its components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-131">In the first part of the document Azure Site Recovery (ASR) services are introduced in its components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-132">The second part of the document describes specifics for SAP NetWeaver based landscapes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-132">The second part of the document describes specifics for SAP NetWeaver based landscapes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-133">Possibilities of using ASR with SAP NetWeaver application instances and SAP Central Services are discussed and described.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-133">Possibilities of using ASR with SAP NetWeaver application instances and SAP Central Services are discussed and described.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="80e6f-134">A focus of the second part is leveraging ASR for SAP Central Services which are protected with windows Server Failover Cluster configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-134">A focus of the second part is leveraging ASR for SAP Central Services which are protected with windows Server Failover Cluster configurations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-135">Updated: September 2015</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-135">Updated: September 2015</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="80e6f-136">Download this guide now</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="80e6f-136">Download this guide now</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=521971)

