<span data-ttu-id="78b30-101">Azure virtual machines (VMs) might sometimes reboot for no apparent reason, without evidence of your having initiated the reboot operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-101">Azure virtual machines (VMs) might sometimes reboot for no apparent reason, without evidence of your having initiated the reboot operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-102">This article lists the actions and events that can cause VMs to reboot and provides insight into how to avoid unexpected reboot issues or reduce the impact of such issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-102">This article lists the actions and events that can cause VMs to reboot and provides insight into how to avoid unexpected reboot issues or reduce the impact of such issues.</span></span>

## <a name="configure-the-vms-for-high-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-103">Configure the VMs for high availability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-103">Configure the VMs for high availability</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-104">The best way to protect an application that's running on Azure against VM reboots and downtime is to configure the VMs for high availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-104">The best way to protect an application that's running on Azure against VM reboots and downtime is to configure the VMs for high availability.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-105">To provide this level of redundancy to your application, we recommend that you group two or more VMs in an availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-105">To provide this level of redundancy to your application, we recommend that you group two or more VMs in an availability set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-106">This configuration ensures that during either a planned or unplanned maintenance event, at least one VM is available and meets the 99.95 percent [Azure SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/virtual-machines/v1_5/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-106">This configuration ensures that during either a planned or unplanned maintenance event, at least one VM is available and meets the 99.95 percent [Azure SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/virtual-machines/v1_5/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-107">For more information about availability sets, see the following articles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-107">For more information about availability sets, see the following articles:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="78b30-108">Manage the availability of VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-108">Manage the availability of VMs</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/manage-availability.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="78b30-109">Configure availability of VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-109">Configure availability of VMs</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/classic/configure-availability.md)

## <a name="resource-health-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-110">Resource Health information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-110">Resource Health information</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-111">Azure Resource Health is a service that exposes the health of individual Azure resources and provides actionable guidance for troubleshooting problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-111">Azure Resource Health is a service that exposes the health of individual Azure resources and provides actionable guidance for troubleshooting problems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-112">In a cloud environment where it isn’t possible to directly access servers or infrastructure elements, the goal of Resource Health is to reduce the time that you spend on troubleshooting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-112">In a cloud environment where it isn’t possible to directly access servers or infrastructure elements, the goal of Resource Health is to reduce the time that you spend on troubleshooting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-113">In particular, the aim is to reduce the time that you spend determining whether the root of the problem lies in the application or in an event inside the Azure platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-113">In particular, the aim is to reduce the time that you spend determining whether the root of the problem lies in the application or in an event inside the Azure platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-114">For more information, see [Understand and use Resource Health](../articles/resource-health/resource-health-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-114">For more information, see [Understand and use Resource Health](../articles/resource-health/resource-health-overview.md).</span></span>

## <a name="actions-and-events-that-can-cause-the-vm-to-reboot"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-115">Actions and events that can cause the VM to reboot</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-115">Actions and events that can cause the VM to reboot</span></span>

### <a name="planned-maintenance"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-116">Planned maintenance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-116">Planned maintenance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-117">Microsoft Azure periodically performs updates across the globe to improve the reliability, performance, and security of the host infrastructure that underlies VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-117">Microsoft Azure periodically performs updates across the globe to improve the reliability, performance, and security of the host infrastructure that underlies VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-118">Many of these updates, including memory-preserving updates, are performed without any impact on your VMs or cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-118">Many of these updates, including memory-preserving updates, are performed without any impact on your VMs or cloud services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-119">However, some updates do require a reboot.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-119">However, some updates do require a reboot.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-120">In such cases, the VMs are shut down while we patch the infrastructure, and then the VMs are restarted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-120">In such cases, the VMs are shut down while we patch the infrastructure, and then the VMs are restarted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-121">To understand what Azure planned maintenance is and how it can affect the availability of your Linux VMs, see the articles listed here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-121">To understand what Azure planned maintenance is and how it can affect the availability of your Linux VMs, see the articles listed here.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-122">The articles provide background about the Azure planned maintenance process and how to schedule planned maintenance to further reduce the impact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-122">The articles provide background about the Azure planned maintenance process and how to schedule planned maintenance to further reduce the impact.</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="78b30-123">Planned maintenance for VMs in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-123">Planned maintenance for VMs in Azure</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/planned-maintenance.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="78b30-124">How to schedule planned maintenance on Azure VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-124">How to schedule planned maintenance on Azure VMs</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/classic/planned-maintenance-schedule.md)

### <a name="memory-preserving-updates"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-125">Memory-preserving updates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-125">Memory-preserving updates</span></span>   
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-126">For this class of updates in Microsoft Azure, users experience no impact on their running VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-126">For this class of updates in Microsoft Azure, users experience no impact on their running VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-127">Many of these updates are to components or services that can be updated without interfering with the running instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-127">Many of these updates are to components or services that can be updated without interfering with the running instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-128">Some are platform infrastructure updates on the host operating system that can be applied without a reboot of the VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-128">Some are platform infrastructure updates on the host operating system that can be applied without a reboot of the VMs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-129">These memory-preserving updates are accomplished with technology that enables in-place live migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-129">These memory-preserving updates are accomplished with technology that enables in-place live migration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-130">When it is being updated, the VM is placed in a *paused* state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-130">When it is being updated, the VM is placed in a *paused* state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-131">This state preserves the memory in RAM while the underlying host operating system receives the necessary updates and patches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-131">This state preserves the memory in RAM while the underlying host operating system receives the necessary updates and patches.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-132">The VM is resumed within 30 seconds of being paused.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-132">The VM is resumed within 30 seconds of being paused.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-133">After the VM is resumed, its clock is automatically synchronized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-133">After the VM is resumed, its clock is automatically synchronized.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-134">Because of the short pause period, deploying updates through this mechanism greatly reduces the impact on the VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-134">Because of the short pause period, deploying updates through this mechanism greatly reduces the impact on the VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-135">However, not all updates can be deployed in this way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-135">However, not all updates can be deployed in this way.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-136">Multi-instance updates (for VMs in an availability set) are applied one update domain at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-136">Multi-instance updates (for VMs in an availability set) are applied one update domain at a time.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-137">Linux machines that have old kernel versions are affected by a kernel panic during this update method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-137">Linux machines that have old kernel versions are affected by a kernel panic during this update method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-138">To avoid this issue, update to kernel version 3.10.0-327.10.1 or later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-138">To avoid this issue, update to kernel version 3.10.0-327.10.1 or later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-139">For more information, see [An Azure Linux VM on a 3.10-based kernel panics after a host node upgrade](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3212236).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-139">For more information, see [An Azure Linux VM on a 3.10-based kernel panics after a host node upgrade](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3212236).</span></span>     
    
### <a name="user-initiated-reboot-or-shutdown-actions"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-140">User-initiated reboot or shutdown actions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-140">User-initiated reboot or shutdown actions</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-141">If you perform a reboot from the Azure portal, Azure PowerShell, command-line interface, or Reset API, you can find the event in the [Azure Activity Log](../articles/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-overview-activity-logs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-141">If you perform a reboot from the Azure portal, Azure PowerShell, command-line interface, or Reset API, you can find the event in the [Azure Activity Log](../articles/monitoring-and-diagnostics/monitoring-overview-activity-logs.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-142">If you perform the action from the VM's operating system, you can find the event in the system logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-142">If you perform the action from the VM's operating system, you can find the event in the system logs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-143">Other scenarios that usually cause the VM to reboot include multiple configuration-change actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-143">Other scenarios that usually cause the VM to reboot include multiple configuration-change actions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-144">You'll ordinarily see a warning message indicating that executing a particular action will result in a reboot of the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-144">You'll ordinarily see a warning message indicating that executing a particular action will result in a reboot of the VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-145">Examples include any VM resize operations, changing the password of the administrative account, and setting a static IP address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-145">Examples include any VM resize operations, changing the password of the administrative account, and setting a static IP address.</span></span>

### <a name="azure-security-center-and-windows-update"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-146">Azure Security Center and Windows Update</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-146">Azure Security Center and Windows Update</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-147">Azure Security Center monitors daily Windows and Linux VMs for missing operating-system updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-147">Azure Security Center monitors daily Windows and Linux VMs for missing operating-system updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-148">Security Center retrieves a list of available security and critical updates from Windows Update or Windows Server Update Services (WSUS), depending on which service is configured on a Windows VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-148">Security Center retrieves a list of available security and critical updates from Windows Update or Windows Server Update Services (WSUS), depending on which service is configured on a Windows VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-149">Security Center also checks for the latest updates for Linux systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-149">Security Center also checks for the latest updates for Linux systems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-150">If your VM is missing a system update, Security Center recommends that you apply system updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-150">If your VM is missing a system update, Security Center recommends that you apply system updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-151">The application of these system updates is controlled through the Security Center in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-151">The application of these system updates is controlled through the Security Center in the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-152">After you apply some updates, VM reboots might be required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-152">After you apply some updates, VM reboots might be required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-153">For more information, see [Apply system updates in Azure Security Center](../articles/security-center/security-center-apply-system-updates.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-153">For more information, see [Apply system updates in Azure Security Center](../articles/security-center/security-center-apply-system-updates.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-154">Like on-premises servers, Azure does not push updates from Windows Update to Windows Azure VMs, because these machines are intended to be managed by their users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-154">Like on-premises servers, Azure does not push updates from Windows Update to Windows Azure VMs, because these machines are intended to be managed by their users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-155">You are, however, encouraged to leave the automatic Windows Update setting enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-155">You are, however, encouraged to leave the automatic Windows Update setting enabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-156">Automatic installation of updates from Windows Update can also cause reboots to occur after the updates are applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-156">Automatic installation of updates from Windows Update can also cause reboots to occur after the updates are applied.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-157">For more information, see [Windows Update FAQ](https://support.microsoft.com/help/12373/windows-update-faq).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-157">For more information, see [Windows Update FAQ](https://support.microsoft.com/help/12373/windows-update-faq).</span></span>

### <a name="other-situations-affecting-the-availability-of-your-vm"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-158">Other situations affecting the availability of your VM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-158">Other situations affecting the availability of your VM</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-159">There are other cases in which Azure might actively suspend the use of a VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-159">There are other cases in which Azure might actively suspend the use of a VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-160">You'll receive email notifications before this action is taken, so you'll have a chance to resolve the underlying issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-160">You'll receive email notifications before this action is taken, so you'll have a chance to resolve the underlying issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-161">Examples of issues that affect VM availability include security violations and the expiration of payment methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-161">Examples of issues that affect VM availability include security violations and the expiration of payment methods.</span></span>

### <a name="host-server-faults"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-162">Host server faults</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-162">Host server faults</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-163">The VM is hosted on a physical server that is running inside an Azure datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-163">The VM is hosted on a physical server that is running inside an Azure datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-164">The physical server runs an agent called the Host Agent in addition to a few other Azure components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-164">The physical server runs an agent called the Host Agent in addition to a few other Azure components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-165">When these Azure software components on the physical server become unresponsive, the monitoring system triggers a reboot of the host server to attempt recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-165">When these Azure software components on the physical server become unresponsive, the monitoring system triggers a reboot of the host server to attempt recovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-166">The VM is usually available again within five minutes and continues to live on the same host as previously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-166">The VM is usually available again within five minutes and continues to live on the same host as previously.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-167">Server faults are usually caused by hardware failure, such as the failure of a hard disk or solid-state drive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-167">Server faults are usually caused by hardware failure, such as the failure of a hard disk or solid-state drive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-168">Azure continuously monitors these occurrences, identifies the underlying bugs, and rolls out updates after the mitigation has been implemented and tested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-168">Azure continuously monitors these occurrences, identifies the underlying bugs, and rolls out updates after the mitigation has been implemented and tested.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-169">Because some host server faults can be specific to that server, a repeated VM reboot situation might be improved by manually redeploying the VM to another host server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-169">Because some host server faults can be specific to that server, a repeated VM reboot situation might be improved by manually redeploying the VM to another host server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-170">This operation can be triggered by using the **redeploy** option on the details page of the VM, or by stopping and restarting the VM in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-170">This operation can be triggered by using the **redeploy** option on the details page of the VM, or by stopping and restarting the VM in the Azure portal.</span></span>

### <a name="auto-recovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-171">Auto-recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-171">Auto-recovery</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-172">If the host server cannot reboot for any reason, the Azure platform initiates an auto-recovery action to take the faulty host server out of rotation for further investigation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-172">If the host server cannot reboot for any reason, the Azure platform initiates an auto-recovery action to take the faulty host server out of rotation for further investigation.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-173">All VMs on that host are automatically relocated to a different, healthy host server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-173">All VMs on that host are automatically relocated to a different, healthy host server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-174">This process is usually complete within 15 minutes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-174">This process is usually complete within 15 minutes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-175">To learn more about the auto-recovery process, see [Auto-recovery of VMs](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/service-healing-auto-recovery-of-virtual-machines).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-175">To learn more about the auto-recovery process, see [Auto-recovery of VMs](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/service-healing-auto-recovery-of-virtual-machines).</span></span>

### <a name="unplanned-maintenance"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-176">Unplanned maintenance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-176">Unplanned maintenance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-177">On rare occasions, the Azure operations team might need to perform maintenance activities to ensure the overall health of the Azure platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-177">On rare occasions, the Azure operations team might need to perform maintenance activities to ensure the overall health of the Azure platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-178">This behavior might affect VM availability, and it usually results in the same auto-recovery action as described earlier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-178">This behavior might affect VM availability, and it usually results in the same auto-recovery action as described earlier.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-179">Unplanned maintenances include the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-179">Unplanned maintenances include the following:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="78b30-180">Urgent node defragmentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-180">Urgent node defragmentation</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="78b30-181">Urgent network switch updates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-181">Urgent network switch updates</span></span>

### <a name="vm-crashes"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-182">VM crashes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-182">VM crashes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-183">VMs might restart because of issues within the VM itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-183">VMs might restart because of issues within the VM itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-184">The workload or role that's running on the VM might trigger a bug check within the guest operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-184">The workload or role that's running on the VM might trigger a bug check within the guest operating system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-185">For help determining the reason for the crash, view the system and application logs for Windows VMs, and the serial logs for Linux VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-185">For help determining the reason for the crash, view the system and application logs for Windows VMs, and the serial logs for Linux VMs.</span></span>

### <a name="storage-related-forced-shutdowns"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-186">Storage-related forced shutdowns</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-186">Storage-related forced shutdowns</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-187">VMs in Azure rely on virtual disks for operating system and data storage that is hosted on the Azure Storage infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-187">VMs in Azure rely on virtual disks for operating system and data storage that is hosted on the Azure Storage infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-188">Whenever the availability or connectivity between the VM and the associated virtual disks is affected for more than 120 seconds, the Azure platform performs a forced shutdown of the VMs to avoid data corruption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-188">Whenever the availability or connectivity between the VM and the associated virtual disks is affected for more than 120 seconds, the Azure platform performs a forced shutdown of the VMs to avoid data corruption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-189">The VMs are automatically powered back on after storage connectivity has been restored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-189">The VMs are automatically powered back on after storage connectivity has been restored.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-190">The duration of the shutdown can be as short as five minutes but can be significantly longer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-190">The duration of the shutdown can be as short as five minutes but can be significantly longer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-191">The following is one of the specific cases that is associated with storage-related forced shutdowns:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-191">The following is one of the specific cases that is associated with storage-related forced shutdowns:</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-192">**Exceeding IO limits**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-192">**Exceeding IO limits**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-193">VMs might be temporarily shut down when I/O requests are consistently throttled because the volume of I/O operations per second (IOPS) exceeds the I/O limits for the disk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-193">VMs might be temporarily shut down when I/O requests are consistently throttled because the volume of I/O operations per second (IOPS) exceeds the I/O limits for the disk.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-194">(Standard disk storage is limited to 500 IOPS.) To mitigate this issue, use disk striping or configure the storage space inside the guest VM, depending on the workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-194">(Standard disk storage is limited to 500 IOPS.) To mitigate this issue, use disk striping or configure the storage space inside the guest VM, depending on the workload.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-195">For details, see [Configuring Azure VMs for Optimal Storage Performance](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/mast/archive/2014/10/14/configuring-azure-virtual-machines-for-optimal-storage-performance.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-195">For details, see [Configuring Azure VMs for Optimal Storage Performance](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/mast/archive/2014/10/14/configuring-azure-virtual-machines-for-optimal-storage-performance.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="78b30-196">Higher IOPS limits are available via Azure Premium Storage with up to 80,000 IOPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-196">Higher IOPS limits are available via Azure Premium Storage with up to 80,000 IOPS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-197">For more information, see [High-Performance Premium Storage](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/premium-storage.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-197">For more information, see [High-Performance Premium Storage](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/premium-storage.md).</span></span>

### <a name="other-incidents"></a><span data-ttu-id="78b30-198">Other incidents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-198">Other incidents</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="78b30-199">In rare circumstances, a widespread issue can affect multiple servers in an Azure datacenter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-199">In rare circumstances, a widespread issue can affect multiple servers in an Azure datacenter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-200">If this issue occurs, the Azure team sends email notifications to the affected subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-200">If this issue occurs, the Azure team sends email notifications to the affected subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="78b30-201">You can check the [Azure Service Health dashboard](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/) and the Azure portal for the status of ongoing outages and past incidents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="78b30-201">You can check the [Azure Service Health dashboard](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/) and the Azure portal for the status of ongoing outages and past incidents.</span></span>
