



<span data-ttu-id="2c578-101">Depending on your environment and choices, the script can create all the cluster infrastructure, including the Azure virtual network, storage accounts, cloud services, domain controller, remote or local SQL databases, head node, and additional cluster nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-101">Depending on your environment and choices, the script can create all the cluster infrastructure, including the Azure virtual network, storage accounts, cloud services, domain controller, remote or local SQL databases, head node, and additional cluster nodes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-102">Alternatively, the script can use pre-existing Azure infrastructure and create only the HPC cluster nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-102">Alternatively, the script can use pre-existing Azure infrastructure and create only the HPC cluster nodes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2c578-103">For background information about planning an HPC Pack cluster, see the [Product Evaluation and Planning](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj899596.aspx) and [Getting Started](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj899590.aspx) content in the HPC Pack 2012 R2 TechNet Library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-103">For background information about planning an HPC Pack cluster, see the [Product Evaluation and Planning](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj899596.aspx) and [Getting Started](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj899590.aspx) content in the HPC Pack 2012 R2 TechNet Library.</span></span>

## <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="2c578-104">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-104">Prerequisites</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-105">**Azure subscription**: You can use a subscription in either the Azure Global or Azure China service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-105">**Azure subscription**: You can use a subscription in either the Azure Global or Azure China service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-106">Your subscription limits affect the number and type of cluster nodes you can deploy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-106">Your subscription limits affect the number and type of cluster nodes you can deploy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-107">For information, see [Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints](../articles/azure-subscription-service-limits.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-107">For information, see [Azure subscription and service limits, quotas, and constraints](../articles/azure-subscription-service-limits.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-108">**Windows client computer with Azure PowerShell 0.8.10 or later installed and configured**: See [Get started with Azure PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs) for installation instructions and steps to connect to your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-108">**Windows client computer with Azure PowerShell 0.8.10 or later installed and configured**: See [Get started with Azure PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs) for installation instructions and steps to connect to your Azure subscription.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-109">**HPC Pack IaaS deployment script**: Download and unpack the latest version of the script from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=44949).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-109">**HPC Pack IaaS deployment script**: Download and unpack the latest version of the script from the [Microsoft Download Center](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=44949).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-110">Check the version of the script by running `New-HPCIaaSCluster.ps1 –Version`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-110">Check the version of the script by running `New-HPCIaaSCluster.ps1 –Version`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-111">This article is based on version 4.5.2 of the script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-111">This article is based on version 4.5.2 of the script.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-112">**Script configuration file**: Create an XML file that the script uses to configure the HPC cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-112">**Script configuration file**: Create an XML file that the script uses to configure the HPC cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-113">For information and examples, see sections later in this article and the file Manual.rtf that accompanies the deployment script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-113">For information and examples, see sections later in this article and the file Manual.rtf that accompanies the deployment script.</span></span>

## <a name="syntax"></a><span data-ttu-id="2c578-114">Syntax</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-114">Syntax</span></span>
```PowerShell
New-HPCIaaSCluster.ps1 [-ConfigFile] <String> [-AdminUserName]<String> [[-AdminPassword] <String>] [[-HPCImageName] <String>] [[-LogFile] <String>] [-Force] [-NoCleanOnFailure] [-PSSessionSkipCACheck] [<CommonParameters>]
```
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-115">Run the script as an administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-115">Run the script as an administrator.</span></span>
> 
> 

### <a name="parameters"></a><span data-ttu-id="2c578-116">Parameters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-116">Parameters</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-117">**ConfigFile**: Specifies the file path of the configuration file to describe the HPC cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-117">**ConfigFile**: Specifies the file path of the configuration file to describe the HPC cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-118">See more about the configuration file in this topic, or in the file Manual.rtf in the folder containing the script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-118">See more about the configuration file in this topic, or in the file Manual.rtf in the folder containing the script.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-119">**AdminUserName**: Specifies the user name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-119">**AdminUserName**: Specifies the user name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-120">If the domain forest is created by the script, this becomes the local administrator user name for all VMs and the domain administrator name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-120">If the domain forest is created by the script, this becomes the local administrator user name for all VMs and the domain administrator name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-121">If the domain forest already exists, this specifies the domain user as the local administrator user name to install HPC Pack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-121">If the domain forest already exists, this specifies the domain user as the local administrator user name to install HPC Pack.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-122">**AdminPassword**: Specifies the administrator’s password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-122">**AdminPassword**: Specifies the administrator’s password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-123">If not specified in the command line, the script prompts you to input the password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-123">If not specified in the command line, the script prompts you to input the password.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-124">**HPCImageName** (optional): Specifies the HPC Pack VM image name used to deploy the HPC cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-124">**HPCImageName** (optional): Specifies the HPC Pack VM image name used to deploy the HPC cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-125">It must be a Microsoft-provided HPC Pack image from the Azure Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-125">It must be a Microsoft-provided HPC Pack image from the Azure Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-126">If not specified (recommended usually), the script chooses the latest published [HPC Pack 2012 R2 image](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/microsoft/hpcpack2012r2onwindowsserver2012r2/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-126">If not specified (recommended usually), the script chooses the latest published [HPC Pack 2012 R2 image](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/partners/microsoft/hpcpack2012r2onwindowsserver2012r2/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-127">The latest image is based on Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter with HPC Pack 2012 R2 Update 3 installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-127">The latest image is based on Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter with HPC Pack 2012 R2 Update 3 installed.</span></span>
  
  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="2c578-128">Deployment fails if you don't specify a valid HPC Pack image.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-128">Deployment fails if you don't specify a valid HPC Pack image.</span></span>
  > 
  > 
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-129">**LogFile** (optional): Specifies the deployment log file path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-129">**LogFile** (optional): Specifies the deployment log file path.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-130">If not specified, the script creates a log file in the temp directory of the computer running the script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-130">If not specified, the script creates a log file in the temp directory of the computer running the script.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-131">**Force** (optional): Suppresses all the confirmation prompts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-131">**Force** (optional): Suppresses all the confirmation prompts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-132">**NoCleanOnFailure** (optional): Specifies that the Azure VMs that are not successfully deployed are not removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-132">**NoCleanOnFailure** (optional): Specifies that the Azure VMs that are not successfully deployed are not removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-133">Remove these VMs manually before rerunning the script to continue the deployment, or the deployment may fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-133">Remove these VMs manually before rerunning the script to continue the deployment, or the deployment may fail.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-134">**PSSessionSkipCACheck** (optional): For every cloud service with VMs deployed by this script, a self-signed certificate is automatically generated by Azure, and all the VMs in the cloud service use this certificate as the default Windows Remote Management (WinRM) certificate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-134">**PSSessionSkipCACheck** (optional): For every cloud service with VMs deployed by this script, a self-signed certificate is automatically generated by Azure, and all the VMs in the cloud service use this certificate as the default Windows Remote Management (WinRM) certificate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-135">To deploy HPC features in these Azure VMs, the script by default temporarily installs these certificates in the Local Computer\\Trusted Root Certification Authorities store of the client computer to suppress the “not trusted CA” security error during script execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-135">To deploy HPC features in these Azure VMs, the script by default temporarily installs these certificates in the Local Computer\\Trusted Root Certification Authorities store of the client computer to suppress the “not trusted CA” security error during script execution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-136">The certificates are removed when the script finishes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-136">The certificates are removed when the script finishes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-137">If this parameter is specified, the certificates are not installed in the client computer, and the security warning is suppressed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-137">If this parameter is specified, the certificates are not installed in the client computer, and the security warning is suppressed.</span></span>
  
  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > <span data-ttu-id="2c578-138">This parameter is not recommended for production deployments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-138">This parameter is not recommended for production deployments.</span></span>
  > 
  > 

### <a name="example"></a><span data-ttu-id="2c578-139">Example</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-139">Example</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2c578-140">The following example creates an HPC Pack cluster using the configuration file *MyConfigFile.xml*, and specifies administrator credentials for installing the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-140">The following example creates an HPC Pack cluster using the configuration file *MyConfigFile.xml*, and specifies administrator credentials for installing the cluster.</span></span>

```PowerShell
.\New-HPCIaaSCluster.ps1 –ConfigFile MyConfigFile.xml -AdminUserName <username> –AdminPassword <password>
```

### <a name="additional-considerations"></a><span data-ttu-id="2c578-141">Additional considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-141">Additional considerations</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-142">The script can optionally enable job submission through the HPC Pack web portal or the HPC Pack REST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-142">The script can optionally enable job submission through the HPC Pack web portal or the HPC Pack REST API.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2c578-143">The script can optionally run custom pre- and post-configuration scripts on the head node if you want to install additional software or configure other settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-143">The script can optionally run custom pre- and post-configuration scripts on the head node if you want to install additional software or configure other settings.</span></span>

## <a name="configuration-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="2c578-144">Configuration file</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-144">Configuration file</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2c578-145">The configuration file for the deployment script is an XML file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-145">The configuration file for the deployment script is an XML file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-146">The schema file HPCIaaSClusterConfig.xsd is in the HPC Pack IaaS deployment script folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-146">The schema file HPCIaaSClusterConfig.xsd is in the HPC Pack IaaS deployment script folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2c578-147">**IaaSClusterConfig** is the root element of the configuration file, which contains the child elements described in detail in the file Manual.rtf in the deployment script folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2c578-147">**IaaSClusterConfig** is the root element of the configuration file, which contains the child elements described in detail in the file Manual.rtf in the deployment script folder.</span></span>

