---
title: include file
description: include file
services: virtual-machines
author: shants123
ms.service: virtual-machines
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 07/05/2018
ms.author: shants
ms.custom: include file
ms.openlocfilehash: bce5f91ff9af5c6c1b44e508d04a47a56720f185
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44776249"
---
<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-103">Azure periodically performs updates to improve the reliability, performance, and security of the host infrastructure for virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-103">Azure periodically performs updates to improve the reliability, performance, and security of the host infrastructure for virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-104">These updates range from patching software components in the hosting environment (like operating system, hypervisor, and various agents deployed on the host), upgrading networking components, to hardware decommissioning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-104">These updates range from patching software components in the hosting environment (like operating system, hypervisor, and various agents deployed on the host), upgrading networking components, to hardware decommissioning.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-105">The majority of these updates are performed without any impact to the hosted virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-105">The majority of these updates are performed without any impact to the hosted virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-106">However, there are cases where updates do have an impact:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-106">However, there are cases where updates do have an impact:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-107">If a reboot-less update is possible, Azure uses memory preserving maintenance to pause the VM while the host is updated or the VM is moved to an already updated host altogether.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-107">If a reboot-less update is possible, Azure uses memory preserving maintenance to pause the VM while the host is updated or the VM is moved to an already updated host altogether.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-108">If maintenance requires a reboot, you get a notice of when the maintenance is planned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-108">If maintenance requires a reboot, you get a notice of when the maintenance is planned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-109">In these cases, you'll also be given a time window where you can start the maintenance yourself, at a time that works for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-109">In these cases, you'll also be given a time window where you can start the maintenance yourself, at a time that works for you.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-110">This page describes how Microsoft Azure performs both types of maintenance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-110">This page describes how Microsoft Azure performs both types of maintenance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-111">For more information about unplanned events (outages), see Manage the availability of virtual machines for [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/manage-availability.md) or [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/manage-availability.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-111">For more information about unplanned events (outages), see Manage the availability of virtual machines for [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/manage-availability.md) or [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/manage-availability.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-112">Applications running in a virtual machine can gather information about upcoming updates by using the Azure Metadata Service for [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/instance-metadata-service.md) or [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/instance-metadata-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-112">Applications running in a virtual machine can gather information about upcoming updates by using the Azure Metadata Service for [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/instance-metadata-service.md) or [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/instance-metadata-service.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-113">For "how-to" information on managing planned maintenance, see "Handling planned maintenance notifications" for [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/maintenance-notifications.md) or [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/maintenance-notifications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-113">For "how-to" information on managing planned maintenance, see "Handling planned maintenance notifications" for [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/maintenance-notifications.md) or [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/maintenance-notifications.md).</span></span>

## <a name="memory-preserving-maintenance"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-114">Memory preserving maintenance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-114">Memory preserving maintenance</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-115">When updates don't require a full reboot, memory preserving maintenance mechanisms are used to limit the impact to the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-115">When updates don't require a full reboot, memory preserving maintenance mechanisms are used to limit the impact to the virtual machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-116">The virtual machine is paused for up to 30 seconds, preserving the memory in RAM, while the hosting environment applies the necessary updates and patches, or moves the VM to an already updated host.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-116">The virtual machine is paused for up to 30 seconds, preserving the memory in RAM, while the hosting environment applies the necessary updates and patches, or moves the VM to an already updated host.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-117">The virtual machine is then resumed and the clock of the virtual machine is automatically synchronized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-117">The virtual machine is then resumed and the clock of the virtual machine is automatically synchronized.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-118">These non-rebootful maintenance operations are applied fault domain by fault domain, and progress is stopped if any warning health signals are received.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-118">These non-rebootful maintenance operations are applied fault domain by fault domain, and progress is stopped if any warning health signals are received.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-119">Some applications may be impacted by these types of updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-119">Some applications may be impacted by these types of updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-120">Applications that perform real-time event processing, like media streaming or transcoding, or high throughput networking scenarios, may not be designed to tolerate a 30 second pause.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-120">Applications that perform real-time event processing, like media streaming or transcoding, or high throughput networking scenarios, may not be designed to tolerate a 30 second pause.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-121"><!-- sooooo, what should they do? --> In case the VM is being moved to a different host, some sensitive workloads might notice a slight performance degradation in the few minutes leading up to the Virtual Machine pause.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-121"><!-- sooooo, what should they do? --> In case the VM is being moved to a different host, some sensitive workloads might notice a slight performance degradation in the few minutes leading up to the Virtual Machine pause.</span></span> 


## <a name="maintenance-requiring-a-reboot"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-122">Maintenance requiring a reboot</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-122">Maintenance requiring a reboot</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-123">When VMs need to be rebooted for planned maintenance, you are notified in advance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-123">When VMs need to be rebooted for planned maintenance, you are notified in advance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-124">Planned maintenance has two phases: the self-service window and a scheduled maintenance window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-124">Planned maintenance has two phases: the self-service window and a scheduled maintenance window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-125">The **self-service window** lets you initiate the maintenance on your VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-125">The **self-service window** lets you initiate the maintenance on your VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-126">During this time, you can query each VM to see their status and check the result of your last maintenance request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-126">During this time, you can query each VM to see their status and check the result of your last maintenance request.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-127">When you start self-service maintenance, your VM is moved to a node that has already been updated and then powers it back on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-127">When you start self-service maintenance, your VM is moved to a node that has already been updated and then powers it back on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-128">Because the VM reboots, the temporary disk is lost and dynamic IP addresses associated with virtual network interface are updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-128">Because the VM reboots, the temporary disk is lost and dynamic IP addresses associated with virtual network interface are updated.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-129">If you start self-service maintenance and there is an error during the process, the operation is stopped, the VM is not updated and you get the option to retry the self-service maintenance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-129">If you start self-service maintenance and there is an error during the process, the operation is stopped, the VM is not updated and you get the option to retry the self-service maintenance.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-130">When the self-service window has passed, the **scheduled maintenance window** begins.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-130">When the self-service window has passed, the **scheduled maintenance window** begins.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-131">During this time window, you can still query for the maintenance window, but no longer be able to start the maintenance yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-131">During this time window, you can still query for the maintenance window, but no longer be able to start the maintenance yourself.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-132">For information on managing maintenance requiring a reboot, see "Handling planned maintenance notifications" for [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/maintenance-notifications.md) or [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/maintenance-notifications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-132">For information on managing maintenance requiring a reboot, see "Handling planned maintenance notifications" for [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/maintenance-notifications.md) or [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/maintenance-notifications.md).</span></span> 

### <a name="availability-considerations-during-scheduled-maintenance"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-133">Availability Considerations during Scheduled Maintenance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-133">Availability Considerations during Scheduled Maintenance</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-134">If you decide to wait until the scheduled maintenance window, there are a few things to consider for maintaining the highest availability of your VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-134">If you decide to wait until the scheduled maintenance window, there are a few things to consider for maintaining the highest availability of your VMs.</span></span> 

#### <a name="paired-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-135">Paired Regions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-135">Paired Regions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-136">Each Azure region is paired with another region within the same geography, together they make a regional pair.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-136">Each Azure region is paired with another region within the same geography, together they make a regional pair.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-137">During scheduled maintenance, Azure will only update the VMs in a single region of a region pair.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-137">During scheduled maintenance, Azure will only update the VMs in a single region of a region pair.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-138">For example, when updating the Virtual Machines in North Central US, Azure will not update any Virtual Machines in South Central US at the same time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-138">For example, when updating the Virtual Machines in North Central US, Azure will not update any Virtual Machines in South Central US at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-139">However, other regions such as North Europe can be under maintenance at the same time as East US.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-139">However, other regions such as North Europe can be under maintenance at the same time as East US.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-140">Understanding how region pairs work can help you better distribute your VMs across regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-140">Understanding how region pairs work can help you better distribute your VMs across regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-141">For more information, see [Azure region pairs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/best-practices-availability-paired-regions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-141">For more information, see [Azure region pairs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/best-practices-availability-paired-regions).</span></span>

#### <a name="availability-sets-and-scale-sets"></a><span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-142">Availability sets and scale sets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-142">Availability sets and scale sets</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-143">When deploying a workload on Azure VMs, you can create the VMs within an availability set to provide high availability to your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-143">When deploying a workload on Azure VMs, you can create the VMs within an availability set to provide high availability to your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-144">This ensures that during either an outage or rebootful maintenance events, at least one virtual machine is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-144">This ensures that during either an outage or rebootful maintenance events, at least one virtual machine is available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-145">Within an availability set, individual VMs are spread across up to 20 update domains (UDs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-145">Within an availability set, individual VMs are spread across up to 20 update domains (UDs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-146">During scheduled maintenance, only a single update domain is impacted at any given time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-146">During scheduled maintenance, only a single update domain is impacted at any given time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-147">Be aware that the order of update domains being impacted does not necessarily happen sequentially.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-147">Be aware that the order of update domains being impacted does not necessarily happen sequentially.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-148">Virtual machine scale sets are an Azure compute resource that enables you to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs as a single resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-148">Virtual machine scale sets are an Azure compute resource that enables you to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs as a single resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-149">The scale set is automatically deployed across update domains, like VMs in an availability set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-149">The scale set is automatically deployed across update domains, like VMs in an availability set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-150">Just like with availability sets, with scale sets only a single update domain is impacted at any given time during scheduled maintenance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-150">Just like with availability sets, with scale sets only a single update domain is impacted at any given time during scheduled maintenance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a0e4f-151">For more information about configuring your virtual machines for high availability, see Manage the availability of your virtual machines for [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/manage-availability.md) or [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/manage-availability.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a0e4f-151">For more information about configuring your virtual machines for high availability, see Manage the availability of your virtual machines for [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/manage-availability.md) or [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/manage-availability.md).</span></span>
