<span data-ttu-id="fd162-101">You must create a load-balanced endpoint for each VM hosting an Azure replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-101">You must create a load-balanced endpoint for each VM hosting an Azure replica.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd162-102">If you have replicas in multiple regions, each replica for that region must be in the same cloud service in the same VNet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-102">If you have replicas in multiple regions, each replica for that region must be in the same cloud service in the same VNet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd162-103">Creating Availability Group replicas that span multiple Azure regions requires configuring multiple VNets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-103">Creating Availability Group replicas that span multiple Azure regions requires configuring multiple VNets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd162-104">For more information on configuring cross VNet connectivity, see  [Configure VNet to VNet Connectivity](../articles/vpn-gateway/virtual-networks-configure-vnet-to-vnet-connection.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-104">For more information on configuring cross VNet connectivity, see  [Configure VNet to VNet Connectivity](../articles/vpn-gateway/virtual-networks-configure-vnet-to-vnet-connection.md).</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fd162-105">In the Azure portal, navigate to each VM hosting a replica and view the details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-105">In the Azure portal, navigate to each VM hosting a replica and view the details.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="fd162-106">Click the **Endpoints** tab for each of the VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-106">Click the **Endpoints** tab for each of the VMs.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="fd162-107">Verify that the **Name** and **Public Port** of the listener endpoint you want to use is not already in use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-107">Verify that the **Name** and **Public Port** of the listener endpoint you want to use is not already in use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd162-108">In the example below, the name is “MyEndpoint” and the port is “1433”.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-108">In the example below, the name is “MyEndpoint” and the port is “1433”.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="fd162-109">On your local client, download and install [the latest PowerShell module](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-109">On your local client, download and install [the latest PowerShell module](https://azure.microsoft.com/downloads/).</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="fd162-110">Launch **Azure PowerShell**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-110">Launch **Azure PowerShell**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd162-111">A new PowerShell session is opened with the Azure administrative modules loaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-111">A new PowerShell session is opened with the Azure administrative modules loaded.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="fd162-112">Run **Get-AzurePublishSettingsFile**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-112">Run **Get-AzurePublishSettingsFile**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd162-113">This cmdlet directs you to a browser to download a publish settings file to a local directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-113">This cmdlet directs you to a browser to download a publish settings file to a local directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd162-114">You may be prompted for your log-in credentials for your Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-114">You may be prompted for your log-in credentials for your Azure subscription.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="fd162-115">Run the **Import-AzurePublishSettingsFile** command with the path of the publish settings file that you downloaded:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-115">Run the **Import-AzurePublishSettingsFile** command with the path of the publish settings file that you downloaded:</span></span>
   
        Import-AzurePublishSettingsFile -PublishSettingsFile <PublishSettingsFilePath>
   
    <span data-ttu-id="fd162-116">Once the publish settings file is imported, you can manage your Azure subscription in the PowerShell session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd162-116">Once the publish settings file is imported, you can manage your Azure subscription in the PowerShell session.</span></span>