<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-101">Azure cloud solutions are built on virtual machines (emulation of physical computer hardware), which enable agile packaging of software deployments and better resource consolidation than physical hardware.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-101">Azure cloud solutions are built on virtual machines (emulation of physical computer hardware), which enable agile packaging of software deployments and better resource consolidation than physical hardware.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-102">[Docker](https://www.docker.com) containers and the docker ecosystem has dramatically expanded the ways you can develop, ship and manage distributed software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-102">[Docker](https://www.docker.com) containers and the docker ecosystem has dramatically expanded the ways you can develop, ship and manage distributed software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-103">Application code in a container is isolated from the host VM and other containers on the same VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-103">Application code in a container is isolated from the host VM and other containers on the same VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-104">This isolation gives you more development and deployment agility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-104">This isolation gives you more development and deployment agility.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-105">Azure offers the following Docker values:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-105">Azure offers the following Docker values:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-106">[Many](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/docker-machine.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) [different](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/dockerextension.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) ways to create Docker hosts for containers to suit your situation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-106">[Many](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/docker-machine.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) [different](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/dockerextension.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) ways to create Docker hosts for containers to suit your situation</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-107">The [Azure Container Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/container-service/) creates clusters of container hosts using orchestrators such as **marathon** and **swarm**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-107">The [Azure Container Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/container-service/) creates clusters of container hosts using orchestrators such as **marathon** and **swarm**.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-108">[Azure Resource Manager](../articles/azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md) and [resource group templates](../articles/resource-group-authoring-templates.md) to simplify deploying and updating complex distributed applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-108">[Azure Resource Manager](../articles/azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md) and [resource group templates](../articles/resource-group-authoring-templates.md) to simplify deploying and updating complex distributed applications</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-109">integration with a large array of both proprietary and open-source configuration management tools</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-109">integration with a large array of both proprietary and open-source configuration management tools</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-110">And because you can programmatically create VMs and Linux containers on Azure, you can also use VM and container *orchestration* tools to create groups of Virtual Machines (VMs) and to deploy applications inside both Linux containers and now [Windows Containers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/about_overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-110">And because you can programmatically create VMs and Linux containers on Azure, you can also use VM and container *orchestration* tools to create groups of Virtual Machines (VMs) and to deploy applications inside both Linux containers and now [Windows Containers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/about_overview).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-111">This article not only discusses these concepts at a high level, it also contains tons of links to more information, tutorials, and products related to container and cluster usage on Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-111">This article not only discusses these concepts at a high level, it also contains tons of links to more information, tutorials, and products related to container and cluster usage on Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-112">If you know all this, and just want the links, they're right here at [tools for working with containers](#tools-for-working-with-azure-vms-and-containers).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-112">If you know all this, and just want the links, they're right here at [tools for working with containers](#tools-for-working-with-azure-vms-and-containers).</span></span>

## <a name="the-difference-between-virtual-machines-and-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-113">The difference between virtual machines and containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-113">The difference between virtual machines and containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-114">Virtual machines run inside an isolated hardware virtualization environment provided by a [hypervisor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypervisor).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-114">Virtual machines run inside an isolated hardware virtualization environment provided by a [hypervisor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypervisor).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-115">In Azure, the [Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/) service handles all that for you: You create Virtual Machines by choosing the operating system and configuring &mdash;or by uploading a custom VM image.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-115">In Azure, the [Virtual Machines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/) service handles all that for you: You create Virtual Machines by choosing the operating system and configuring &mdash;or by uploading a custom VM image.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-116">Virtual Machines are a time-tested, "battle-hardened" technology, and there are many tools available to manage the OS and apps they contain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-116">Virtual Machines are a time-tested, "battle-hardened" technology, and there are many tools available to manage the OS and apps they contain.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-117">Apps in a VM are hidden from the host OS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-117">Apps in a VM are hidden from the host OS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-118">From the point of view of an application or user on a VM, the VM appears to be an autonomous physical computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-118">From the point of view of an application or user on a VM, the VM appears to be an autonomous physical computer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-119">[Linux containers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LXC) and those created and hosted using docker tools, do not use a hypervisor to provide isolation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-119">[Linux containers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LXC) and those created and hosted using docker tools, do not use a hypervisor to provide isolation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-120">With containers, the container host uses process and file system isolation features of the Linux kernel to expose to the container, its apps, certain kernel features and its own isolated file system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-120">With containers, the container host uses process and file system isolation features of the Linux kernel to expose to the container, its apps, certain kernel features and its own isolated file system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-121">From the point of view of an app running inside a container, the container appears to be a unique OS instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-121">From the point of view of an app running inside a container, the container appears to be a unique OS instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-122">A contained app cannot see processes or any other resources outside of its container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-122">A contained app cannot see processes or any other resources outside of its container.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-123">Far fewer resources are used in a Docker container than are used in a VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-123">Far fewer resources are used in a Docker container than are used in a VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-124">Docker containers employ an application isolation and execution model which does not share the kernel of the Docker host.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-124">Docker containers employ an application isolation and execution model which does not share the kernel of the Docker host.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-125">The container has much lower disk footprint as it doesn’t include the entire OS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-125">The container has much lower disk footprint as it doesn’t include the entire OS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-126">Start-up time and required disk space are significantly lower than in a VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-126">Start-up time and required disk space are significantly lower than in a VM.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-127">Windows Containers provide the same advantages as Linux containers for apps that run on Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-127">Windows Containers provide the same advantages as Linux containers for apps that run on Windows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-128">Windows Containers support the Docker image format and Docker API, but they can also be managed using PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-128">Windows Containers support the Docker image format and Docker API, but they can also be managed using PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-129">Two container runtimes are available with Windows Containers, Windows Server Containers and Hyper-V Containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-129">Two container runtimes are available with Windows Containers, Windows Server Containers and Hyper-V Containers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-130">Hyper-V Containers provide an additional layer of isolation by hosting each container in a super-optimized VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-130">Hyper-V Containers provide an additional layer of isolation by hosting each container in a super-optimized VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-131">To learn more about Windows Containers see [About Windows Containers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/about_overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-131">To learn more about Windows Containers see [About Windows Containers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/about_overview).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-132">To get started with Windows Containers in Azure, learn how to [deploy an Azure Container Service cluster](/articles/container-service/container-service-deployment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-132">To get started with Windows Containers in Azure, learn how to [deploy an Azure Container Service cluster](/articles/container-service/container-service-deployment.md).</span></span>

## <a name="what-are-containers-good-for"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-133">What are containers good for?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-133">What are containers good for?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-134">Containers can improve:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-134">Containers can improve:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-135">The speed application code can be developed and shared widely</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-135">The speed application code can be developed and shared widely</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-136">The speed and confidence an app  can be tested</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-136">The speed and confidence an app  can be tested</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-137">The speed and confidence an app  can be deployed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-137">The speed and confidence an app  can be deployed</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-138">Containers execute on a container host&mdash;an operating system, and in Azure that means an Azure Virtual Machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-138">Containers execute on a container host&mdash;an operating system, and in Azure that means an Azure Virtual Machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-139">Even if you already love the idea of containers, you're still going to need a VM infrastructure hosting the containers, but the benefits are that containers do not care on which VM they are running (although whether the container wants a Linux or Windows execution environment will be important, for example).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-139">Even if you already love the idea of containers, you're still going to need a VM infrastructure hosting the containers, but the benefits are that containers do not care on which VM they are running (although whether the container wants a Linux or Windows execution environment will be important, for example).</span></span>


## <a name="what-are-containers-good-for"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-140">What are containers good for?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-140">What are containers good for?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-141">They're great for many things, but they encourage&mdash;as do [Azure Cloud Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cloud-services/) and [Azure Service Fabric](../articles/service-fabric/service-fabric-overview.md)&mdash;the creation of single-service, microservice-oriented distributed applications, in which application design is based on more small, composable parts rather than on larger, more strongly coupled components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-141">They're great for many things, but they encourage&mdash;as do [Azure Cloud Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cloud-services/) and [Azure Service Fabric](../articles/service-fabric/service-fabric-overview.md)&mdash;the creation of single-service, microservice-oriented distributed applications, in which application design is based on more small, composable parts rather than on larger, more strongly coupled components.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-142">This is especially true in public cloud environments like Azure, in which you rent VMs when and where you want them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-142">This is especially true in public cloud environments like Azure, in which you rent VMs when and where you want them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-143">Not only do you get isolation and rapid deployment and orchestration tools, but you can make more efficient application infrastructure decisions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-143">Not only do you get isolation and rapid deployment and orchestration tools, but you can make more efficient application infrastructure decisions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-144">For example, you might currently have a deployment consisting of 9 Azure VMs of a large size for a highly-available, distributed application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-144">For example, you might currently have a deployment consisting of 9 Azure VMs of a large size for a highly-available, distributed application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-145">If the components of this application can be deployed in containers, you might be able to use only 4 VMs and deploy your application components inside 20 containers for redundancy and load balancing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-145">If the components of this application can be deployed in containers, you might be able to use only 4 VMs and deploy your application components inside 20 containers for redundancy and load balancing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-146">This is just an example, of course, but if you can do this in your scenario, you can adjust to usage spikes with more containers rather than more Azure VMs, and use the remaining overall CPU load much more efficiently than before.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-146">This is just an example, of course, but if you can do this in your scenario, you can adjust to usage spikes with more containers rather than more Azure VMs, and use the remaining overall CPU load much more efficiently than before.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-147">In addition, there are many scenarios that do not lend themselves to a microservices approach; you will know best whether microservices and containers will help you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-147">In addition, there are many scenarios that do not lend themselves to a microservices approach; you will know best whether microservices and containers will help you.</span></span>

### <a name="container-benefits-for-developers"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-148">Container benefits for developers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-148">Container benefits for developers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-149">In general, it's easy to see that container technology is a step forward, but there are more specific benefits as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-149">In general, it's easy to see that container technology is a step forward, but there are more specific benefits as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-150">Let's take the example of Docker containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-150">Let's take the example of Docker containers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-151">This topic will not dive deeply into Docker right now (read [What is Docker?](https://www.docker.com/whatisdocker/) for that story, or [wikipedia](http://wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_%28software%29)), but Docker and its ecosystem offer tremendous benefits to both developers and IT professionals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-151">This topic will not dive deeply into Docker right now (read [What is Docker?](https://www.docker.com/whatisdocker/) for that story, or [wikipedia](http://wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_%28software%29)), but Docker and its ecosystem offer tremendous benefits to both developers and IT professionals.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-152">Developers take to Docker containers quickly, because above all it makes using Linux and Windows containers easy:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-152">Developers take to Docker containers quickly, because above all it makes using Linux and Windows containers easy:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-153">They can use simple, incremental commands to create a fixed image that is easy to deploy and can automate building those images using a dockerfile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-153">They can use simple, incremental commands to create a fixed image that is easy to deploy and can automate building those images using a dockerfile</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-154">They can share those images easily using simple, [git](https://git-scm.com/)-style push and pull commands to [public](https://registry.hub.docker.com/) or [private docker registries](../articles/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-docker-registry-in-blob-storage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-154">They can share those images easily using simple, [git](https://git-scm.com/)-style push and pull commands to [public](https://registry.hub.docker.com/) or [private docker registries](../articles/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-docker-registry-in-blob-storage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-155">They can think of isolated application components instead of computers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-155">They can think of isolated application components instead of computers</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-156">They can use a large number of tools that understand docker containers and different base images</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-156">They can use a large number of tools that understand docker containers and different base images</span></span>

### <a name="container-benefits-for-operations-and-it-professionals"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-157">Container benefits for operations and IT professionals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-157">Container benefits for operations and IT professionals</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-158">IT and operations professionals also benefit from the combination of containers and virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-158">IT and operations professionals also benefit from the combination of containers and virtual machines.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-159">contained services are isolated from VM host execution environment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-159">contained services are isolated from VM host execution environment</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-160">contained code is verifiably identical</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-160">contained code is verifiably identical</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-161">contained services can be started, stopped, and moved quickly between development, test, and production environments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-161">contained services can be started, stopped, and moved quickly between development, test, and production environments</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-162">Features like these&mdash;and there are more&mdash;excite established businesses, where professional information technology organizations have the job of fitting resources&mdash;including pure processing power&mdash;to the tasks required to not only stay in business, but increase customer satisfaction and reach.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-162">Features like these&mdash;and there are more&mdash;excite established businesses, where professional information technology organizations have the job of fitting resources&mdash;including pure processing power&mdash;to the tasks required to not only stay in business, but increase customer satisfaction and reach.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-163">Small businesses, ISVs, and startups have exactly the same requirement, but they might describe it differently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-163">Small businesses, ISVs, and startups have exactly the same requirement, but they might describe it differently.</span></span>

## <a name="what-are-virtual-machines-good-for"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-164">What are virtual machines good for?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-164">What are virtual machines good for?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-165">Virtual machines provide the backbone of cloud computing, and that doesn't change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-165">Virtual machines provide the backbone of cloud computing, and that doesn't change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-166">If virtual machines start more slowly, have a larger disk footprint, and do not map directly to a microservices architecture, they do have very important benefits:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-166">If virtual machines start more slowly, have a larger disk footprint, and do not map directly to a microservices architecture, they do have very important benefits:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-167">By default, they have much more robust default security protections for host computer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-167">By default, they have much more robust default security protections for host computer</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-168">They support any major OS and application configurations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-168">They support any major OS and application configurations</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-169">They have longstanding tool ecosystems for command and control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-169">They have longstanding tool ecosystems for command and control</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-170">They provide the execution environment to host containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-170">They provide the execution environment to host containers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-171">The last item is important, because a contained application still requires a specific operating system and CPU type, depending upon the calls the application will make.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-171">The last item is important, because a contained application still requires a specific operating system and CPU type, depending upon the calls the application will make.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-172">It's important to remember that you install containers on VMs because they contain the applications you want to deploy; containers are not replacements for VMs or operating systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-172">It's important to remember that you install containers on VMs because they contain the applications you want to deploy; containers are not replacements for VMs or operating systems.</span></span>

## <a name="high-level-feature-comparison-of-vms-and-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-173">High-level feature comparison of VMs and containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-173">High-level feature comparison of VMs and containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-174">The following table describes at a very high level the kind of feature differences that&mdash;without much extra work&mdash;exist between VMs and Linux containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-174">The following table describes at a very high level the kind of feature differences that&mdash;without much extra work&mdash;exist between VMs and Linux containers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-175">Note that some features maybe more or less desirable depending upon your own application needs, and that as with all software, extra work provides increased feature support, especially in the area of security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-175">Note that some features maybe more or less desirable depending upon your own application needs, and that as with all software, extra work provides increased feature support, especially in the area of security.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-176">Feature</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-176">Feature</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-177">VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-177">VMs</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-178">Containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-178">Containers</span></span> |
|:--- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-179">"Default" security support</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-179">"Default" security support</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-180">to a greater degree</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-180">to a greater degree</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-181">to a slightly lesser degree</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-181">to a slightly lesser degree</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-182">Memory on disk required</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-182">Memory on disk required</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-183">Complete OS plus apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-183">Complete OS plus apps</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-184">App requirements only</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-184">App requirements only</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-185">Time taken to start up</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-185">Time taken to start up</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-186">Substantially Longer: Boot of OS plus app loading</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-186">Substantially Longer: Boot of OS plus app loading</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-187">Substantially shorter: Only apps need to start because kernel is already running</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-187">Substantially shorter: Only apps need to start because kernel is already running</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-188">Portability</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-188">Portability</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-189">Portable With Proper Preparation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-189">Portable With Proper Preparation</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-190">Portable within image format; typically smaller</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-190">Portable within image format; typically smaller</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-191">Image Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-191">Image Automation</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-192">Varies widely depending on OS and apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-192">Varies widely depending on OS and apps</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-193">[Docker registry](https://registry.hub.docker.com/); others</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-193">[Docker registry](https://registry.hub.docker.com/); others</span></span> |

## <a name="creating-and-managing-groups-of-vms-and-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-194">Creating and managing groups of VMs and containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-194">Creating and managing groups of VMs and containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-195">At this point, any architect, developer, or IT operations specialist might be thinking, "I can automate ALL of this; this really IS Data-Center-As-A-Service!".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-195">At this point, any architect, developer, or IT operations specialist might be thinking, "I can automate ALL of this; this really IS Data-Center-As-A-Service!".</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-196">You're right, it can be, and there are any number of systems, many of which you may already use, that can either manage groups of Azure VMs and inject custom code using scripts, often with the [CustomScriptingExtension for Windows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781373.aspx) or the [CustomScriptingExtension for Linux](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/08/20/automate-linux-vm-customization-tasks-using-customscript-extension/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-196">You're right, it can be, and there are any number of systems, many of which you may already use, that can either manage groups of Azure VMs and inject custom code using scripts, often with the [CustomScriptingExtension for Windows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn781373.aspx) or the [CustomScriptingExtension for Linux](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/08/20/automate-linux-vm-customization-tasks-using-customscript-extension/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-197">You can&mdash;and perhaps already have&mdash;automated your Azure deployments using PowerShell or Azure CLI scripts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-197">You can&mdash;and perhaps already have&mdash;automated your Azure deployments using PowerShell or Azure CLI scripts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-198">These abilities are often then migrated to tools like [Puppet](https://puppetlabs.com/) and [Chef](https://www.chef.io/) to automate the creation of and configuration for VMs at scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-198">These abilities are often then migrated to tools like [Puppet](https://puppetlabs.com/) and [Chef](https://www.chef.io/) to automate the creation of and configuration for VMs at scale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-199">(Here are some links to [using these tools with Azure](#tools-for-working-with-containers).)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-199">(Here are some links to [using these tools with Azure](#tools-for-working-with-containers).)</span></span>

### <a name="azure-resource-group-templates"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-200">Azure resource group templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-200">Azure resource group templates</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-201">More recently, Azure released the [Azure resource management](../articles/resource-manager-deployment-model.md) REST API, and updated PowerShell and Azure CLI tools to use it easily.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-201">More recently, Azure released the [Azure resource management](../articles/resource-manager-deployment-model.md) REST API, and updated PowerShell and Azure CLI tools to use it easily.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-202">You can deploy, modify, or redeploy entire application topologies using [Azure Resource Manager templates](../articles/resource-group-authoring-templates.md) with the Azure resource management API using:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-202">You can deploy, modify, or redeploy entire application topologies using [Azure Resource Manager templates](../articles/resource-group-authoring-templates.md) with the Azure resource management API using:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-203">the [Azure portal using templates](https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates)&mdash;hint, use the "DeployToAzure" button</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-203">the [Azure portal using templates](https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates)&mdash;hint, use the "DeployToAzure" button</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-204">the [Azure CLI](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/cli-deploy-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-204">the [Azure CLI](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/cli-deploy-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-205">the [Azure PowerShell modules](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/cli-deploy-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-205">the [Azure PowerShell modules](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/cli-deploy-templates.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)</span></span>

### <a name="deployment-and-management-of-entire-groups-of-azure-vms-and-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-206">Deployment and management of entire groups of Azure VMs and containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-206">Deployment and management of entire groups of Azure VMs and containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-207">There are several popular systems that can deploy entire groups of VMs and install Docker (or other Linux container host systems) on them as an automatable group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-207">There are several popular systems that can deploy entire groups of VMs and install Docker (or other Linux container host systems) on them as an automatable group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-208">For direct links, see the [containers and tools](#containers-and-vm-technologies) section, below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-208">For direct links, see the [containers and tools](#containers-and-vm-technologies) section, below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-209">There are several systems that do this to a greater or lesser extent, and this list is not exhaustive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-209">There are several systems that do this to a greater or lesser extent, and this list is not exhaustive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-210">Depending upon your skill set and scenarios, they may or may not be useful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-210">Depending upon your skill set and scenarios, they may or may not be useful.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-211">Docker has its own set of VM-creation tools ([docker-machine](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/docker-machine.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)) and a load-balancing, docker-container cluster management tool ([swarm](../articles/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-docker-swarm.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-211">Docker has its own set of VM-creation tools ([docker-machine](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/docker-machine.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)) and a load-balancing, docker-container cluster management tool ([swarm](../articles/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-docker-swarm.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-212">In addition, the [Azure Docker VM Extension](https://github.com/Azure/azure-docker-extension/blob/master/README.md) comes with default support for [`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/), which can deploy configured application containers across multiple containers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-212">In addition, the [Azure Docker VM Extension](https://github.com/Azure/azure-docker-extension/blob/master/README.md) comes with default support for [`docker-compose`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/), which can deploy configured application containers across multiple containers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-213">In addition, you can try out [Mesosphere's Data Center Operating System (DCOS)](http://docs.mesosphere.com/install/azurecluster/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-213">In addition, you can try out [Mesosphere's Data Center Operating System (DCOS)](http://docs.mesosphere.com/install/azurecluster/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-214">DCOS is based on the open-source [mesos](http://mesos.apache.org/) "distributed systems kernel" that enables you to treat your datacenter as one addressable service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-214">DCOS is based on the open-source [mesos](http://mesos.apache.org/) "distributed systems kernel" that enables you to treat your datacenter as one addressable service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-215">DCOS has built-in packages for several important systems such as [Spark](http://spark.apache.org/) and [Kafka](http://kafka.apache.org/) (and others) as well as built-in services such as [Marathon](https://mesosphere.github.io/marathon/) (a container control system) and [Chronos](https://mesos.github.io/chronos/) (a distributed scheduler).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-215">DCOS has built-in packages for several important systems such as [Spark](http://spark.apache.org/) and [Kafka](http://kafka.apache.org/) (and others) as well as built-in services such as [Marathon](https://mesosphere.github.io/marathon/) (a container control system) and [Chronos](https://mesos.github.io/chronos/) (a distributed scheduler).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-216">Mesos was derived from lessons learned at Twitter, AirBnb, and other web-scale businesses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-216">Mesos was derived from lessons learned at Twitter, AirBnb, and other web-scale businesses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-217">You can also use **swarm** as the orchestration engine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-217">You can also use **swarm** as the orchestration engine.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-218">Also, [kubernetes](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/08/28/hackathon-with-kubernetes-on-azure/) is an open-source system for VM and container group management derived from lessons learned at Google.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-218">Also, [kubernetes](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/08/28/hackathon-with-kubernetes-on-azure/) is an open-source system for VM and container group management derived from lessons learned at Google.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-219">You can even use [kubernetes with weave to provide networking support](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes/blob/master/docs/getting-started-guides/coreos/azure/README.md#kubernetes-on-azure-with-coreos-and-weave).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-219">You can even use [kubernetes with weave to provide networking support](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes/blob/master/docs/getting-started-guides/coreos/azure/README.md#kubernetes-on-azure-with-coreos-and-weave).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-220">[Deis](http://deis.io/overview/) is an open source "Platform-as-a-Service" (PaaS) that makes it easy to deploy and manage applications on your own servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-220">[Deis](http://deis.io/overview/) is an open source "Platform-as-a-Service" (PaaS) that makes it easy to deploy and manage applications on your own servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-221">Deis builds upon Docker and CoreOS to provide a lightweight PaaS with a Heroku-inspired workflow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-221">Deis builds upon Docker and CoreOS to provide a lightweight PaaS with a Heroku-inspired workflow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-222">You can easily [create a 3-Node Azure VM group and install Deis](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/deis-cluster.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) on Azure and then [install a Hello World Go application](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/deis-cluster.md#deploy-and-scale-a-hello-world-application).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-222">You can easily [create a 3-Node Azure VM group and install Deis](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/deis-cluster.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json) on Azure and then [install a Hello World Go application](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/deis-cluster.md#deploy-and-scale-a-hello-world-application).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-223">[CoreOS](https://coreos.com/os/docs/latest/booting-on-azure.html), a Linux distribution with an optimized footprint, Docker support, and their own container system called [rkt](https://github.com/coreos/rkt), also has a container group management tool called [fleet](https://coreos.com/using-coreos/clustering/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-223">[CoreOS](https://coreos.com/os/docs/latest/booting-on-azure.html), a Linux distribution with an optimized footprint, Docker support, and their own container system called [rkt](https://github.com/coreos/rkt), also has a container group management tool called [fleet](https://coreos.com/using-coreos/clustering/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-224">Ubuntu, another very popular Linux distribution, supports Docker very well, but also supports [Linux (LXC-style) clusters](https://help.ubuntu.com/lts/serverguide/lxc.html).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-224">Ubuntu, another very popular Linux distribution, supports Docker very well, but also supports [Linux (LXC-style) clusters](https://help.ubuntu.com/lts/serverguide/lxc.html).</span></span>

## <a name="tools-for-working-with-azure-vms-and-containers"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-225">Tools for working with Azure VMs and containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-225">Tools for working with Azure VMs and containers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-226">Working with containers and Azure VMs uses tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-226">Working with containers and Azure VMs uses tools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-227">This section provides a list of only some of the most useful or important concepts and tools about containers, groups, and the larger configuration and orchestration tools used with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-227">This section provides a list of only some of the most useful or important concepts and tools about containers, groups, and the larger configuration and orchestration tools used with them.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-228">This area is changing amazingly rapidly, and while we will do our best to keep this topic and its links up to date, it might well be an impossible task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-228">This area is changing amazingly rapidly, and while we will do our best to keep this topic and its links up to date, it might well be an impossible task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-229">Make sure you search on interesting subjects to keep up to date!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-229">Make sure you search on interesting subjects to keep up to date!</span></span>
>
>

### <a name="containers-and-vm-technologies"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-230">Containers and VM technologies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-230">Containers and VM technologies</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-231">Some Linux container technologies:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-231">Some Linux container technologies:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-232">Docker</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-232">Docker</span></span>](https://www.docker.com)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-233">LXC</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-233">LXC</span></span>](https://linuxcontainers.org/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-234">CoreOS and rkt</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-234">CoreOS and rkt</span></span>](https://github.com/coreos/rkt)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-235">Open Container Project</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-235">Open Container Project</span></span>](http://opencontainers.org/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-236">RancherOS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-236">RancherOS</span></span>](http://rancher.com/rancher-os/)

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-237">Windows Container links:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-237">Windows Container links:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-238">Windows Containers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-238">Windows Containers</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/about_overview)

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-239">Visual Studio Docker links:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-239">Visual Studio Docker links:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-240">Visual Studio 2015 RC Tools for Docker - Preview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-240">Visual Studio 2015 RC Tools for Docker - Preview</span></span>](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/6f638067-027d-4817-bcc7-aa94163338f0)

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-241">Docker tools:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-241">Docker tools:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-242">Docker daemon</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-242">Docker daemon</span></span>](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation)
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-243">Docker clients</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-243">Docker clients</span></span>
  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-244">Windows Docker Client on Chocolatey</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-244">Windows Docker Client on Chocolatey</span></span>](https://chocolatey.org/packages/docker)
  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-245">Docker installation instructions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-245">Docker installation instructions</span></span>](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation)

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-246">Docker on Microsoft Azure:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-246">Docker on Microsoft Azure:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-247">Docker VM Extension for Linux on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-247">Docker VM Extension for Linux on Azure</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/dockerextension.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-248">Azure Docker VM Extension User Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-248">Azure Docker VM Extension User Guide</span></span>](https://github.com/Azure/azure-docker-extension/blob/master/README.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-249">Using the Docker VM Extension from the Azure Command-line Interface (Azure CLI)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-249">Using the Docker VM Extension from the Azure Command-line Interface (Azure CLI)</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/classic/cli-use-docker.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2fclassic%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-250">Using the Docker VM Extension from the Azure portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-250">Using the Docker VM Extension from the Azure portal</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/classic/portal-use-docker.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2fclassic%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-251">How to use docker-machine on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-251">How to use docker-machine on Azure</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/docker-machine.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-252">How to use docker with swarm on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-252">How to use docker with swarm on Azure</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-docker-swarm.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-253">Get Started with Docker and Compose on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-253">Get Started with Docker and Compose on Azure</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/docker-compose-quickstart.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-254">Using an Azure resource group template to create a Docker host on Azure quickly</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-254">Using an Azure resource group template to create a Docker host on Azure quickly</span></span>](https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates/tree/master/docker-simple-on-ubuntu)
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-255">[The built-in support for `compose`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-docker-extension#11-public-configuration-keys) for contained applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-255">[The built-in support for `compose`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-docker-extension#11-public-configuration-keys) for contained applications</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-256">Implement a Docker private registry on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-256">Implement a Docker private registry on Azure</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-docker-registry-in-blob-storage.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-257">Linux distributions and Azure examples:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-257">Linux distributions and Azure examples:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-258">CoreOS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-258">CoreOS</span></span>](https://coreos.com/os/docs/latest/booting-on-azure.html)

<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-259">Configuration, cluster management, and container orchestration:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-259">Configuration, cluster management, and container orchestration:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-260">Fleet on CoreOS</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-260">Fleet on CoreOS</span></span>](https://coreos.com/using-coreos/clustering/)
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-261">Deis</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-261">Deis</span></span>

  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-262">Create a 3-Node Azure VM group, install Deis, and start a Hello World Go application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-262">Create a 3-Node Azure VM group, install Deis, and start a Hello World Go application</span></span>](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/deis-cluster.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2ftoc.json)
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-263">Kubernetes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-263">Kubernetes</span></span>

  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-264">Complete guide to automated Kubernetes cluster deployment with CoreOS and Weave</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-264">Complete guide to automated Kubernetes cluster deployment with CoreOS and Weave</span></span>](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes/blob/master/docs/getting-started-guides/coreos/azure/README.md#kubernetes-on-azure-with-coreos-and-weave)
  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-265">Kubernetes Visualizer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-265">Kubernetes Visualizer</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/2014/08/28/hackathon-with-kubernetes-on-azure/)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-266">Mesos</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-266">Mesos</span></span>](http://mesos.apache.org/)

  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-267">Mesosphere's Data Center Operating System (DCOS)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-267">Mesosphere's Data Center Operating System (DCOS)</span></span>](http://beta-docs.mesosphere.com/install/azurecluster/)
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-268">[Jenkins](https://jenkins-ci.org/) and [Hudson](http://hudson-ci.org/)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-268">[Jenkins](https://jenkins-ci.org/) and [Hudson](http://hudson-ci.org/)</span></span>

  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-269">Blog: Jenkins Slave Plug-in for Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-269">Blog: Jenkins Slave Plug-in for Azure</span></span>](http://msopentech.com/blog/2014/09/23/announcing-jenkins-slave-plugin-azure/)
  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-270">GitHub repo: Jenkins Storage Plug-in for Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-270">GitHub repo: Jenkins Storage Plug-in for Azure</span></span>](https://github.com/jenkinsci/windows-azure-storage-plugin)
  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-271">Third Party: Hudson Slave Plug-in for Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-271">Third Party: Hudson Slave Plug-in for Azure</span></span>](http://wiki.hudson-ci.org/display/HUDSON/Azure+Slave+Plugin)
  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-272">Third Party: Hudson Storage Plug-in for Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-272">Third Party: Hudson Storage Plug-in for Azure</span></span>](https://github.com/hudson3-plugins/windows-azure-storage-plugin)
* [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-273">Azure Automation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-273">Azure Automation</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/automation/)

  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-274">Video: How to Use Azure Automation with Linux VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-274">Video: How to Use Azure Automation with Linux VMs</span></span>](http://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Azure-Friday/Azure-Automation-104-managing-Linux-and-creating-Modules-with-Joe-Levy)
* <span data-ttu-id="99cb8-275">Powershell DSC for Linux</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-275">Powershell DSC for Linux</span></span>

  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-276">Blog: How to do Powershell DSC for Linux</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-276">Blog: How to do Powershell DSC for Linux</span></span>](http://blogs.technet.com/b/privatecloud/archive/2014/05/19/powershell-dsc-for-linux-step-by-step.aspx)
  * [<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-277">GitHub: Docker Client DSC</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-277">GitHub: Docker Client DSC</span></span>](https://github.com/anweiss/DockerClientDSC)

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="99cb8-278">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-278">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="99cb8-279">Check out [Docker](https://www.docker.com) and [Windows Containers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/about_overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="99cb8-279">Check out [Docker](https://www.docker.com) and [Windows Containers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/about/about_overview).</span></span>

<!--Anchors-->
[microservices]: http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservices.html
[microservice]: http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservices.html
<!--Image references-->
