<span data-ttu-id="9a40b-101">Next, if any servers on the cluster are running Windows Server 2008 R2 or Windows Server 2012, you must verify that the hotfix [KB2854082](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2854082) is installed on each of the on-premises servers or Azure VMs that are part of the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-101">Next, if any servers on the cluster are running Windows Server 2008 R2 or Windows Server 2012, you must verify that the hotfix [KB2854082](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2854082) is installed on each of the on-premises servers or Azure VMs that are part of the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-102">Any server or VM that is in the cluster, but not in the availability group, should also have this hotfix installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-102">Any server or VM that is in the cluster, but not in the availability group, should also have this hotfix installed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9a40b-103">In the remote desktop session for each of the cluster nodes, download [KB2854082](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2854082) to a local directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-103">In the remote desktop session for each of the cluster nodes, download [KB2854082](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2854082) to a local directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-104">Then, install the hotfix on each of the cluster nodes sequentially.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-104">Then, install the hotfix on each of the cluster nodes sequentially.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-105">If the cluster service is currently running on the cluster node, the server is restarted at the end of the hotfix installation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-105">If the cluster service is currently running on the cluster node, the server is restarted at the end of the hotfix installation.</span></span>

> [!WARNING]
> <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-106">Stopping the cluster service or restarting the server affects the quorum health of your cluster and the availability group, and may cause your cluster to go offline.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-106">Stopping the cluster service or restarting the server affects the quorum health of your cluster and the availability group, and may cause your cluster to go offline.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-107">To maintain the high availability of your cluster during installation, make sure that:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-107">To maintain the high availability of your cluster during installation, make sure that:</span></span>
> 
> * <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-108">The cluster is in optimal quorum health,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-108">The cluster is in optimal quorum health,</span></span> 
> * <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-109">All cluster nodes are online before installing the hotfix on any node, and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-109">All cluster nodes are online before installing the hotfix on any node, and</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="9a40b-110">Allow the hotfix installation to run to completion on one node, including fully restarting the server, before installing the hotfix on any other node in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9a40b-110">Allow the hotfix installation to run to completion on one node, including fully restarting the server, before installing the hotfix on any other node in the cluster.</span></span>
> 
> 

