<span data-ttu-id="f4489-101">It’s important to keep your virtual machine (VM) secure for the applications that you run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-101">It’s important to keep your virtual machine (VM) secure for the applications that you run.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-102">Securing your VMs can include one or more Azure services and features that cover secure access to your VMs and secure storage of your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-102">Securing your VMs can include one or more Azure services and features that cover secure access to your VMs and secure storage of your data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-103">This article provides information that enables you to keep your VM and applications secure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-103">This article provides information that enables you to keep your VM and applications secure.</span></span>

## <a name="antimalware"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-104">Antimalware</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-104">Antimalware</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-105">The modern threat landscape for cloud environments is dynamic, increasing the pressure to maintain effective protection in order to meet compliance and security requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-105">The modern threat landscape for cloud environments is dynamic, increasing the pressure to maintain effective protection in order to meet compliance and security requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-106">[Microsoft Antimalware for Azure](../articles/security/azure-security-antimalware.md) is a free real-time protection capability that helps identify and remove viruses, spyware, and other malicious software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-106">[Microsoft Antimalware for Azure](../articles/security/azure-security-antimalware.md) is a free real-time protection capability that helps identify and remove viruses, spyware, and other malicious software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-107">Alerts can be configured to notify you when known malicious or unwanted software attempts to install itself or run on your VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-107">Alerts can be configured to notify you when known malicious or unwanted software attempts to install itself or run on your VM.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-security-center"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-108">Azure Security Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-108">Azure Security Center</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-109">[Azure Security Center](../articles/security-center/security-center-intro.md) helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats to your VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-109">[Azure Security Center](../articles/security-center/security-center-intro.md) helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats to your VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-110">Security Center provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-110">Security Center provides integrated security monitoring and policy management across your Azure subscriptions, helps detect threats that might otherwise go unnoticed, and works with a broad ecosystem of security solutions.</span></span>

## <a name="encryption"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-111">Encryption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-111">Encryption</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-112">For enhanced [Windows VM](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/encrypt-disks.md) and [Linux VM](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/encrypt-disks.md) security and compliance, virtual disks in Azure can be encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-112">For enhanced [Windows VM](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/encrypt-disks.md) and [Linux VM](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/encrypt-disks.md) security and compliance, virtual disks in Azure can be encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-113">Virtual disks on Windows VMs are encrypted at rest using Bitlocker.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-113">Virtual disks on Windows VMs are encrypted at rest using Bitlocker.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-114">Virtual disks on Linux VMs are encrypted at rest using dm-crypt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-114">Virtual disks on Linux VMs are encrypted at rest using dm-crypt.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-115">There is no charge for encrypting virtual disks in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-115">There is no charge for encrypting virtual disks in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-116">Cryptographic keys are stored in Azure Key Vault using software-protection, or you can import or generate your keys in Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) certified to FIPS 140-2 level 2 standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-116">Cryptographic keys are stored in Azure Key Vault using software-protection, or you can import or generate your keys in Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) certified to FIPS 140-2 level 2 standards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-117">These cryptographic keys are used to encrypt and decrypt virtual disks attached to your VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-117">These cryptographic keys are used to encrypt and decrypt virtual disks attached to your VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-118">You retain control of these cryptographic keys and can audit their use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-118">You retain control of these cryptographic keys and can audit their use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-119">An Azure Active Directory service principal provides a secure mechanism for issuing these cryptographic keys as VMs are powered on and off.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-119">An Azure Active Directory service principal provides a secure mechanism for issuing these cryptographic keys as VMs are powered on and off.</span></span>

## <a name="key-vault-and-ssh-keys"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-120">Key Vault and SSH Keys</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-120">Key Vault and SSH Keys</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-121">Secrets and certificates can be modeled as resources and provided by [Key Vault](../articles/key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-121">Secrets and certificates can be modeled as resources and provided by [Key Vault](../articles/key-vault/key-vault-whatis.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-122">You can use Azure PowerShell to create key vaults for [Windows VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/key-vault-setup.md) and the Azure CLI for [Linux VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/key-vault-setup.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-122">You can use Azure PowerShell to create key vaults for [Windows VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/key-vault-setup.md) and the Azure CLI for [Linux VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/key-vault-setup.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-123">You can also create keys for encryption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-123">You can also create keys for encryption.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-124">Key vault access policies grant permissions to keys, secrets, and certificates separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-124">Key vault access policies grant permissions to keys, secrets, and certificates separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-125">For example, you can give a user access to only keys, but no permissions for secrets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-125">For example, you can give a user access to only keys, but no permissions for secrets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-126">However, permissions to access keys or secrets or certificates are at the vault level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-126">However, permissions to access keys or secrets or certificates are at the vault level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-127">In other words, [key vault access policy](../articles/key-vault/key-vault-secure-your-key-vault.md) does not support object level permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-127">In other words, [key vault access policy](../articles/key-vault/key-vault-secure-your-key-vault.md) does not support object level permissions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-128">When you connect to VMs, you should use public-key cryptography to provide a more secure way to sign in to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-128">When you connect to VMs, you should use public-key cryptography to provide a more secure way to sign in to them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-129">This process involves a public and private key exchange using the secure shell (SSH) command to authenticate yourself rather than a username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-129">This process involves a public and private key exchange using the secure shell (SSH) command to authenticate yourself rather than a username and password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-130">Passwords are vulnerable to brute-force attacks, especially on Internet-facing VMs such as web servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-130">Passwords are vulnerable to brute-force attacks, especially on Internet-facing VMs such as web servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-131">With a secure shell (SSH) key pair, you can create a [Linux VM](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/mac-create-ssh-keys.md) that uses SSH keys for authentication, eliminating the need for passwords to log in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-131">With a secure shell (SSH) key pair, you can create a [Linux VM](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/mac-create-ssh-keys.md) that uses SSH keys for authentication, eliminating the need for passwords to log in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-132">You can also use SSH keys to connect from a [Windows VM](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/ssh-from-windows.md) to a Linux VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-132">You can also use SSH keys to connect from a [Windows VM](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/ssh-from-windows.md) to a Linux VM.</span></span>

## <a name="managed-identities-for-azure-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-133">Managed identities for Azure resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-133">Managed identities for Azure resources</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-134">A common challenge when building cloud applications is how to manage the credentials in your code for authenticating to cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-134">A common challenge when building cloud applications is how to manage the credentials in your code for authenticating to cloud services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-135">Keeping the credentials secure is an important task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-135">Keeping the credentials secure is an important task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-136">Ideally, the credentials never appear on developer workstations and aren't checked into source control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-136">Ideally, the credentials never appear on developer workstations and aren't checked into source control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-137">Azure Key Vault provides a way to securely store credentials, secrets, and other keys, but your code has to authenticate to Key Vault to retrieve them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-137">Azure Key Vault provides a way to securely store credentials, secrets, and other keys, but your code has to authenticate to Key Vault to retrieve them.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-138">The managed identities for Azure resources feature in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) solves this problem.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-138">The managed identities for Azure resources feature in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) solves this problem.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-139">The feature provides Azure services with an automatically managed identity in Azure AD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-139">The feature provides Azure services with an automatically managed identity in Azure AD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-140">You can use the identity to authenticate to any service that supports Azure AD authentication, including Key Vault, without any credentials in your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-140">You can use the identity to authenticate to any service that supports Azure AD authentication, including Key Vault, without any credentials in your code.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="f4489-141">Your code that's running on a VM can request a token from two endpoints that are accessible only from within the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-141">Your code that's running on a VM can request a token from two endpoints that are accessible only from within the VM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-142">For more detailed information about this service, review the [managed identities for Azure resources](../articles/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview.md) overview page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-142">For more detailed information about this service, review the [managed identities for Azure resources](../articles/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview.md) overview page.</span></span>   

## <a name="policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-143">Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-143">Policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-144">[Azure policies](../articles/azure-policy/azure-policy-introduction.md) can be used to define the desired behavior for your organization's [Windows VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/policy.md) and [Linux VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/policy.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-144">[Azure policies](../articles/azure-policy/azure-policy-introduction.md) can be used to define the desired behavior for your organization's [Windows VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/policy.md) and [Linux VMs](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/policy.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-145">By using policies, an organization can enforce various conventions and rules throughout the enterprise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-145">By using policies, an organization can enforce various conventions and rules throughout the enterprise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-146">Enforcement of the desired behavior can help mitigate risk while contributing to the success of the organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-146">Enforcement of the desired behavior can help mitigate risk while contributing to the success of the organization.</span></span>

## <a name="role-based-access-control"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-147">Role-based access control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-147">Role-based access control</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f4489-148">Using [role-based access control (RBAC)](../articles/role-based-access-control/overview.md), you can segregate duties within your team and grant only the amount of access to users on your VM that they need to perform their jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-148">Using [role-based access control (RBAC)](../articles/role-based-access-control/overview.md), you can segregate duties within your team and grant only the amount of access to users on your VM that they need to perform their jobs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-149">Instead of giving everybody unrestricted permissions on the VM, you can allow only certain actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-149">Instead of giving everybody unrestricted permissions on the VM, you can allow only certain actions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f4489-150">You can configure access control for the VM in the [Azure portal](../articles/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md), using the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/role), or[Azure PowerShell](../articles/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-powershell.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-150">You can configure access control for the VM in the [Azure portal](../articles/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal.md), using the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/role), or[Azure PowerShell](../articles/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-powershell.md).</span></span>


## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f4489-151">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-151">Next steps</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f4489-152">Walk through the steps to monitor virtual machine security by using Azure Security Center for [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/tutorial-azure-security.md) or [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/tutorial-azure-security.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f4489-152">Walk through the steps to monitor virtual machine security by using Azure Security Center for [Linux](../articles/virtual-machines/linux/tutorial-azure-security.md) or [Windows](../articles/virtual-machines/windows/tutorial-azure-security.md).</span></span>