* <span data-ttu-id="0740f-101">**PolicyBased:** PolicyBased VPNs were previously called static routing gateways in the classic deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-101">**PolicyBased:** PolicyBased VPNs were previously called static routing gateways in the classic deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-102">Policy-based VPNs encrypt and direct packets through IPsec tunnels based on the IPsec policies configured with the combinations of address prefixes between your on-premises network and the Azure VNet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-102">Policy-based VPNs encrypt and direct packets through IPsec tunnels based on the IPsec policies configured with the combinations of address prefixes between your on-premises network and the Azure VNet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-103">The policy (or traffic selector) is usually defined as an access list in the VPN device configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-103">The policy (or traffic selector) is usually defined as an access list in the VPN device configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-104">The value for a PolicyBased VPN type is *PolicyBased*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-104">The value for a PolicyBased VPN type is *PolicyBased*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-105">When using a PolicyBased VPN, keep in mind the following limitations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-105">When using a PolicyBased VPN, keep in mind the following limitations:</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="0740f-106">PolicyBased VPNs can **only** be used on the Basic gateway SKU.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-106">PolicyBased VPNs can **only** be used on the Basic gateway SKU.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-107">This VPN type is not compatible with other gateway SKUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-107">This VPN type is not compatible with other gateway SKUs.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="0740f-108">You can have only 1 tunnel when using a PolicyBased VPN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-108">You can have only 1 tunnel when using a PolicyBased VPN.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="0740f-109">You can only use PolicyBased VPNs for S2S connections, and only for certain configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-109">You can only use PolicyBased VPNs for S2S connections, and only for certain configurations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-110">Most VPN Gateway configurations require a RouteBased VPN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-110">Most VPN Gateway configurations require a RouteBased VPN.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="0740f-111">**RouteBased**: RouteBased VPNs were previously called dynamic routing gateways in the classic deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-111">**RouteBased**: RouteBased VPNs were previously called dynamic routing gateways in the classic deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-112">RouteBased VPNs use "routes" in the IP forwarding or routing table to direct packets into their corresponding tunnel interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-112">RouteBased VPNs use "routes" in the IP forwarding or routing table to direct packets into their corresponding tunnel interfaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-113">The tunnel interfaces then encrypt or decrypt the packets in and out of the tunnels.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-113">The tunnel interfaces then encrypt or decrypt the packets in and out of the tunnels.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-114">The policy (or traffic selector) for RouteBased VPNs are configured as any-to-any (or wild cards).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-114">The policy (or traffic selector) for RouteBased VPNs are configured as any-to-any (or wild cards).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0740f-115">The value for a RouteBased VPN type is *RouteBased*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0740f-115">The value for a RouteBased VPN type is *RouteBased*.</span></span>

