<span data-ttu-id="af9e2-101">You pay for two things: the hourly compute costs for the virtual network gateway, and the egress data transfer from the virtual network gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-101">You pay for two things: the hourly compute costs for the virtual network gateway, and the egress data transfer from the virtual network gateway.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af9e2-102">Pricing information can be found on the [Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/vpn-gateway) page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-102">Pricing information can be found on the [Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/vpn-gateway) page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="af9e2-103">**Virtual network gateway compute costs**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-103">**Virtual network gateway compute costs**</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="af9e2-104">Each virtual network gateway has an hourly compute cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-104">Each virtual network gateway has an hourly compute cost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af9e2-105">The price is based on the gateway SKU that you specify when you create a virtual network gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-105">The price is based on the gateway SKU that you specify when you create a virtual network gateway.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af9e2-106">The cost is for the gateway itself and is in addition to the data transfer that flows through the gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-106">The cost is for the gateway itself and is in addition to the data transfer that flows through the gateway.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="af9e2-107">**Data transfer costs**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-107">**Data transfer costs**</span></span><br><span data-ttu-id="af9e2-108">Data transfer costs are calculated based on egress traffic from the source virtual network gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-108">Data transfer costs are calculated based on egress traffic from the source virtual network gateway.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="af9e2-109">If you are sending traffic to your on-premises VPN device, it will be charged with the Internet egress data transfer rate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-109">If you are sending traffic to your on-premises VPN device, it will be charged with the Internet egress data transfer rate.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="af9e2-110">If you are sending traffic between virtual networks in different regions, the pricing is based the region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-110">If you are sending traffic between virtual networks in different regions, the pricing is based the region.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="af9e2-111">If you are sending traffic only between virtual networks that are in the same region, there are no data costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-111">If you are sending traffic only between virtual networks that are in the same region, there are no data costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="af9e2-112">Traffic between VNets in the same region is free.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="af9e2-112">Traffic between VNets in the same region is free.</span></span>

