
* <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-101">Click **Sign In**, and then enter the credentials for your Azure account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-101">Click **Sign In**, and then enter the credentials for your Azure account.</span></span>
  
  <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-102">This method is quicker and easier, but if you use this method you won't be able to see Azure SQL Database or Mobile Services in the **Server Explorer** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-102">This method is quicker and easier, but if you use this method you won't be able to see Azure SQL Database or Mobile Services in the **Server Explorer** window.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-103">Click **Manage subscriptions** in order to install a management certificate that enables access to your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-103">Click **Manage subscriptions** in order to install a management certificate that enables access to your account.</span></span>
  
  <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-104">In the **Manage Azure Subscriptions** dialog box, click the **Certificates** tab, and then click **Import**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-104">In the **Manage Azure Subscriptions** dialog box, click the **Certificates** tab, and then click **Import**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-105">Follow the directions to download and import a subscription file (also called a *.publishsettings* file) for your Azure account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-105">Follow the directions to download and import a subscription file (also called a *.publishsettings* file) for your Azure account.</span></span>

     > [AZURE.NOTE] <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-106">Download the subscription file to a folder outside your source code directories (for example, in the Downloads folder), and then delete it once the import has completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-106">Download the subscription file to a folder outside your source code directories (for example, in the Downloads folder), and then delete it once the import has completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-107">A malicious user who gains access to the subscription file can edit, create, and delete your Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-107">A malicious user who gains access to the subscription file can edit, create, and delete your Azure services.</span></span>

   <span data-ttu-id="c3a50-108">For more information, see [How to Connect to Azure from Visual Studio](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=324796).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="c3a50-108">For more information, see [How to Connect to Azure from Visual Studio](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=324796).</span></span>

