---
title: Introduction to the Azure Redis Cache Premium tier | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to create and manage Redis Persistence, Redis clustering, and VNET support for your Premium tier Azure Redis Cache instances
services: redis-cache
documentationcenter: ''
author: wesmc7777
manager: cfowler
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 30f46f9f-e6ec-4c38-a8cc-f9d4444856e5
ms.service: cache
ms.workload: tbd
ms.tgt_pltfrm: cache-redis
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 07/05/2017
ms.author: wesmc
ms.openlocfilehash: 38a43756678a3628040b1b995966eff6dd9fb363
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44830479"
---
# <a name="introduction-to-the-azure-redis-cache-premium-tier"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-103">Introduction to the Azure Redis Cache Premium tier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-103">Introduction to the Azure Redis Cache Premium tier</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-104">Azure Redis Cache is a distributed, managed cache that helps you build highly scalable and responsive applications by providing super-fast access to your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-104">Azure Redis Cache is a distributed, managed cache that helps you build highly scalable and responsive applications by providing super-fast access to your data.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-105">The new Premium-tier is an Enterprise ready tier, which includes all the Standard-tier features and more, such as better performance, bigger workloads, disaster recovery, import/export, and enhanced security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-105">The new Premium-tier is an Enterprise ready tier, which includes all the Standard-tier features and more, such as better performance, bigger workloads, disaster recovery, import/export, and enhanced security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-106">Continue reading to learn more about the additional features of the Premium cache tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-106">Continue reading to learn more about the additional features of the Premium cache tier.</span></span>

## <a name="better-performance-compared-to-standard-or-basic-tier"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-107">Better performance compared to Standard or Basic tier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-107">Better performance compared to Standard or Basic tier</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-108">**Better performance over Standard or Basic tier.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-108">**Better performance over Standard or Basic tier.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-109">Caches in the Premium tier are deployed on hardware which has faster processors and gives better performance compared to the Basic or Standard Tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-109">Caches in the Premium tier are deployed on hardware which has faster processors and gives better performance compared to the Basic or Standard Tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-110">Premium tier Caches have higher throughput and lower latencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-110">Premium tier Caches have higher throughput and lower latencies.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-111">**Throughput for the same sized Cache is higher in Premium as compared to Standard tier.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-111">**Throughput for the same sized Cache is higher in Premium as compared to Standard tier.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-112">For example, the throughput of a 53 GB P4 (Premium) cache is 250K requests per second as compared to 150K for C6 (Standard).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-112">For example, the throughput of a 53 GB P4 (Premium) cache is 250K requests per second as compared to 150K for C6 (Standard).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-113">For more information about size, throughput, and bandwidth with premium caches, see [Azure Redis Cache FAQ](cache-faq.md#what-redis-cache-offering-and-size-should-i-use)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-113">For more information about size, throughput, and bandwidth with premium caches, see [Azure Redis Cache FAQ](cache-faq.md#what-redis-cache-offering-and-size-should-i-use)</span></span>

## <a name="redis-data-persistence"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-114">Redis data persistence</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-114">Redis data persistence</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-115">The Premium tier allows you to persist the cache data in an Azure Storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-115">The Premium tier allows you to persist the cache data in an Azure Storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-116">In a Basic/Standard cache all the data is stored only in memory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-116">In a Basic/Standard cache all the data is stored only in memory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-117">In case of underlying infrastructure issues there can be potential data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-117">In case of underlying infrastructure issues there can be potential data loss.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-118">We recommend using the Redis data persistence feature in the Premium tier to increase resiliency against data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-118">We recommend using the Redis data persistence feature in the Premium tier to increase resiliency against data loss.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-119">Azure Redis Cache offers RDB and AOF (coming soon) options in [Redis persistence](http://redis.io/topics/persistence).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-119">Azure Redis Cache offers RDB and AOF (coming soon) options in [Redis persistence](http://redis.io/topics/persistence).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-120">For instructions on configuring persistence, see [How to configure persistence for a Premium Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-premium-persistence.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-120">For instructions on configuring persistence, see [How to configure persistence for a Premium Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-premium-persistence.md).</span></span>

## <a name="redis-cluster"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-121">Redis cluster</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-121">Redis cluster</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-122">If you want to create caches larger than 53 GB or want to shard data across multiple Redis nodes, you can use Redis clustering which is available in the Premium tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-122">If you want to create caches larger than 53 GB or want to shard data across multiple Redis nodes, you can use Redis clustering which is available in the Premium tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-123">Each node consists of a primary/replica cache pair managed by Azure for high availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-123">Each node consists of a primary/replica cache pair managed by Azure for high availability.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-124">**Redis clustering gives you maximum scale and throughput.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-124">**Redis clustering gives you maximum scale and throughput.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-125">Throughput increases linearly as you increase the number of shards (nodes) in the cluster.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-125">Throughput increases linearly as you increase the number of shards (nodes) in the cluster.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-126">Eg.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-126">Eg.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-127">If you create a P4 cluster of 10 shards, then the available throughput is 250K \*10 = 2.5 Million requests per second.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-127">If you create a P4 cluster of 10 shards, then the available throughput is 250K \*10 = 2.5 Million requests per second.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-128">Please see the [Azure Redis Cache FAQ](cache-faq.md#what-redis-cache-offering-and-size-should-i-use) for more details about size, throughput, and bandwidth with premium caches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-128">Please see the [Azure Redis Cache FAQ](cache-faq.md#what-redis-cache-offering-and-size-should-i-use) for more details about size, throughput, and bandwidth with premium caches.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-129">To get started with clustering, see [How to configure clustering for a Premium Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-premium-clustering.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-129">To get started with clustering, see [How to configure clustering for a Premium Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-premium-clustering.md).</span></span>

## <a name="enhanced-security-and-isolation"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-130">Enhanced security and isolation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-130">Enhanced security and isolation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-131">Caches created in the Basic or Standard tier are accessible on the public internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-131">Caches created in the Basic or Standard tier are accessible on the public internet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-132">Access to the Cache is restricted based on the access key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-132">Access to the Cache is restricted based on the access key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-133">With the Premium tier you can further ensure that only clients within a specified network can access the Cache.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-133">With the Premium tier you can further ensure that only clients within a specified network can access the Cache.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-134">You can deploy Redis Cache in an [Azure Virtual Network (VNet)](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-network/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-134">You can deploy Redis Cache in an [Azure Virtual Network (VNet)](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-network/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-135">You can use all the features of VNet such as subnets, access control policies, and other features to further restrict access to Redis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-135">You can use all the features of VNet such as subnets, access control policies, and other features to further restrict access to Redis.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-136">For more information, see [How to configure Virtual Network support for a Premium Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-premium-vnet.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-136">For more information, see [How to configure Virtual Network support for a Premium Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-premium-vnet.md).</span></span>

## <a name="importexport"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-137">Import/Export</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-137">Import/Export</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-138">Import/Export is an Azure Redis Cache data management operation which allows you to import data into Azure Redis Cache or export data from Azure Redis Cache by importing and exporting a Redis Cache Database (RDB) snapshot from a premium cache to a page blob in an Azure Storage Account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-138">Import/Export is an Azure Redis Cache data management operation which allows you to import data into Azure Redis Cache or export data from Azure Redis Cache by importing and exporting a Redis Cache Database (RDB) snapshot from a premium cache to a page blob in an Azure Storage Account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-139">This enables you to migrate between different Azure Redis Cache instances or populate the cache with data before use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-139">This enables you to migrate between different Azure Redis Cache instances or populate the cache with data before use.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-140">Import can be used to bring Redis compatible RDB file(s) from any Redis server running in any cloud or environment, including Redis running on Linux, Windows, or any cloud provider such as Amazon Web Services and others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-140">Import can be used to bring Redis compatible RDB file(s) from any Redis server running in any cloud or environment, including Redis running on Linux, Windows, or any cloud provider such as Amazon Web Services and others.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-141">Importing data is an easy way to create a cache with pre-populated data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-141">Importing data is an easy way to create a cache with pre-populated data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-142">During the import process, Azure Redis Cache loads the RDB files from Azure storage into memory and then inserts the keys into the cache.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-142">During the import process, Azure Redis Cache loads the RDB files from Azure storage into memory and then inserts the keys into the cache.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-143">Export allows you to export the data stored in Azure Redis Cache to Redis compatible RDB file(s).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-143">Export allows you to export the data stored in Azure Redis Cache to Redis compatible RDB file(s).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-144">You can use this feature to move data from one Azure Redis Cache instance to another or to another Redis server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-144">You can use this feature to move data from one Azure Redis Cache instance to another or to another Redis server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-145">During the export process, a temporary file is created on the VM that hosts the Azure Redis Cache server instance, and the file is uploaded to the designated storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-145">During the export process, a temporary file is created on the VM that hosts the Azure Redis Cache server instance, and the file is uploaded to the designated storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-146">When the export operation completes with either a status of success or failure, the temporary file is deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-146">When the export operation completes with either a status of success or failure, the temporary file is deleted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-147">For more information, see [How to import data into and export data from Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-import-export-data.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-147">For more information, see [How to import data into and export data from Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-import-export-data.md).</span></span>

## <a name="reboot"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-148">Reboot</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-148">Reboot</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-149">The premium tier allows you to reboot one or more nodes of your cache on-demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-149">The premium tier allows you to reboot one or more nodes of your cache on-demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-150">This allows you to test your application for resiliency in the event of a failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-150">This allows you to test your application for resiliency in the event of a failure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-151">You can reboot the following nodes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-151">You can reboot the following nodes.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="cd400-152">Master node of your cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-152">Master node of your cache</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cd400-153">Slave node of your cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-153">Slave node of your cache</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cd400-154">Both master and slave nodes of your cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-154">Both master and slave nodes of your cache</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="cd400-155">When using a premium cache with clustering, you can reboot the master, slave, or both nodes for individual shards in the cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-155">When using a premium cache with clustering, you can reboot the master, slave, or both nodes for individual shards in the cache</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-156">For more information, see [Reboot](cache-administration.md#reboot) and [Reboot FAQ](cache-administration.md#reboot-faq).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-156">For more information, see [Reboot](cache-administration.md#reboot) and [Reboot FAQ](cache-administration.md#reboot-faq).</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="cd400-157">Reboot functionality is now enabled for all Azure Redis Cache tiers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-157">Reboot functionality is now enabled for all Azure Redis Cache tiers.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="schedule-updates"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-158">Schedule updates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-158">Schedule updates</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-159">The scheduled updates feature allows you to designate a maintenance window for your cache.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-159">The scheduled updates feature allows you to designate a maintenance window for your cache.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-160">When the maintenance window is specified, any Redis server updates are made during this window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-160">When the maintenance window is specified, any Redis server updates are made during this window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-161">To designate a maintenance window, select the desired days and specify the maintenance window start hour for each day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-161">To designate a maintenance window, select the desired days and specify the maintenance window start hour for each day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-162">Note that the maintenance window time is in UTC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-162">Note that the maintenance window time is in UTC.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-163">For more information, see [Schedule updates](cache-administration.md#schedule-updates) and [Schedule updates FAQ](cache-administration.md#schedule-updates-faq).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-163">For more information, see [Schedule updates](cache-administration.md#schedule-updates) and [Schedule updates FAQ](cache-administration.md#schedule-updates-faq).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-164">Only Redis server updates are made during the scheduled maintenance window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-164">Only Redis server updates are made during the scheduled maintenance window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-165">The maintenance window does not apply to Azure updates or updates to the VM operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-165">The maintenance window does not apply to Azure updates or updates to the VM operating system.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="geo-replication"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-166">Geo-replication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-166">Geo-replication</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-167">**Geo-replication** provides a mechanism for linking two Premium tier Azure Redis Cache instances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-167">**Geo-replication** provides a mechanism for linking two Premium tier Azure Redis Cache instances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-168">One cache is designated as the primary linked cache, and the other as the secondary linked cache.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-168">One cache is designated as the primary linked cache, and the other as the secondary linked cache.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-169">The secondary linked cache becomes read-only, and data written to the primary cache is replicated to the secondary linked cache.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-169">The secondary linked cache becomes read-only, and data written to the primary cache is replicated to the secondary linked cache.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-170">This functionality can be used to replicate a cache across Azure regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-170">This functionality can be used to replicate a cache across Azure regions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="cd400-171">For more information, see [How to configure Geo-replication for Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-geo-replication.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-171">For more information, see [How to configure Geo-replication for Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-geo-replication.md).</span></span>


## <a name="to-scale-to-the-premium-tier"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-172">To scale to the premium tier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-172">To scale to the premium tier</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-173">To scale to the premium tier, simply choose one of the premium tiers in the **Change pricing tier** blade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-173">To scale to the premium tier, simply choose one of the premium tiers in the **Change pricing tier** blade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-174">You can also scale your cache to the premium tier using PowerShell and CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-174">You can also scale your cache to the premium tier using PowerShell and CLI.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cd400-175">For step-by-step instructions, see [How to Scale Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-scale.md) and [How to automate a scaling operation](cache-how-to-scale.md#how-to-automate-a-scaling-operation).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-175">For step-by-step instructions, see [How to Scale Azure Redis Cache](cache-how-to-scale.md) and [How to automate a scaling operation](cache-how-to-scale.md#how-to-automate-a-scaling-operation).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="cd400-176">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-176">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cd400-177">Create a cache and explore the new premium tier features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-177">Create a cache and explore the new premium tier features.</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="cd400-178">How to configure persistence for a Premium Azure Redis Cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-178">How to configure persistence for a Premium Azure Redis Cache</span></span>](cache-how-to-premium-persistence.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cd400-179">How to configure Virtual Network support for a Premium Azure Redis Cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-179">How to configure Virtual Network support for a Premium Azure Redis Cache</span></span>](cache-how-to-premium-vnet.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cd400-180">How to configure clustering for a Premium Azure Redis Cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-180">How to configure clustering for a Premium Azure Redis Cache</span></span>](cache-how-to-premium-clustering.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cd400-181">How to import data into and export data from Azure Redis Cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-181">How to import data into and export data from Azure Redis Cache</span></span>](cache-how-to-import-export-data.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="cd400-182">How to administer Azure Redis Cache</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cd400-182">How to administer Azure Redis Cache</span></span>](cache-administration.md)

