---
title: Overview of Azure Policy
description: Azure Policy is a service in Azure, that you use to create, assign and, manage policy definitions in your Azure environment.
services: azure-policy
author: DCtheGeek
ms.author: dacoulte
ms.date: 07/31/2018
ms.topic: overview
ms.service: azure-policy
manager: carmonm
ms.custom: mvc
ms.openlocfilehash: 405f69ae1c37e478758d984ddf7dc0e267910fef
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44856942"
---
# <a name="what-is-azure-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-103">What is Azure Policy?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-103">What is Azure Policy?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-104">IT Governance ensures that your organization is able to achieve its goals through an effective and efficient use of IT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-104">IT Governance ensures that your organization is able to achieve its goals through an effective and efficient use of IT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-105">It does this by creating clarity between your business goals and IT projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-105">It does this by creating clarity between your business goals and IT projects.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-106">Does your company experience a significant number of IT issues that never seem to get resolved?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-106">Does your company experience a significant number of IT issues that never seem to get resolved?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-107">Good IT governance involves planning your initiatives and setting priorities on a strategic level to help manage and prevent issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-107">Good IT governance involves planning your initiatives and setting priorities on a strategic level to help manage and prevent issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-108">This is where Azure Policy comes in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-108">This is where Azure Policy comes in.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-109">Azure Policy is a service in Azure that you use to create, assign and, manage policies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-109">Azure Policy is a service in Azure that you use to create, assign and, manage policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-110">These policies enforce different rules and effects over your resources, so those resources stay compliant with your corporate standards and service level agreements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-110">These policies enforce different rules and effects over your resources, so those resources stay compliant with your corporate standards and service level agreements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-111">Azure Policy does this by running evaluations of your resources and scanning for those not compliant with the policies you have created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-111">Azure Policy does this by running evaluations of your resources and scanning for those not compliant with the policies you have created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-112">For example, you can have a policy to allow only a certain SKU size of virtual machines in your environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-112">For example, you can have a policy to allow only a certain SKU size of virtual machines in your environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-113">Once this policy has been implemented, it will then be evaluated when creating and updating resources, as well as over your already existing resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-113">Once this policy has been implemented, it will then be evaluated when creating and updating resources, as well as over your already existing resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-114">Later on in this documentation, we will go over more details on how to create and implement policies with Azure policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-114">Later on in this documentation, we will go over more details on how to create and implement policies with Azure policy.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-115">Azure Policy's compliance evaluation is now provided for all assignments regardless of pricing tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-115">Azure Policy's compliance evaluation is now provided for all assignments regardless of pricing tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-116">If your assignments do not show the compliance data, please ensure that the subscription is registered with the Microsoft.PolicyInsights resource provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-116">If your assignments do not show the compliance data, please ensure that the subscription is registered with the Microsoft.PolicyInsights resource provider.</span></span>

## <a name="how-is-it-different-from-rbac"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-117">How is it different from RBAC?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-117">How is it different from RBAC?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-118">There are a few key differences between policy and role-based access control (RBAC).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-118">There are a few key differences between policy and role-based access control (RBAC).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-119">RBAC focuses on user actions at different scopes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-119">RBAC focuses on user actions at different scopes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-120">For example, you might be added to the contributor role for a resource group at the desired scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-120">For example, you might be added to the contributor role for a resource group at the desired scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-121">The role allows you to make changes to that resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-121">The role allows you to make changes to that resource group.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-122">Policy focuses on resource properties during deployment and for already existing resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-122">Policy focuses on resource properties during deployment and for already existing resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-123">For example, through policies, you can control the types of resources that can be provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-123">For example, through policies, you can control the types of resources that can be provisioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-124">Or, you can restrict the locations in which the resources can be provisioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-124">Or, you can restrict the locations in which the resources can be provisioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-125">Unlike RBAC, policy is a default allow and explicit deny system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-125">Unlike RBAC, policy is a default allow and explicit deny system.</span></span>

### <a name="rbac-permissions-in-azure-policy"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-126">RBAC Permissions in Azure Policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-126">RBAC Permissions in Azure Policy</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-127">Azure Policy has permissions represented as operations in two different Resource Providers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-127">Azure Policy has permissions represented as operations in two different Resource Providers:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-128">Microsoft.Authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-128">Microsoft.Authorization</span></span>](../role-based-access-control/resource-provider-operations.md#microsoftauthorization)
- [<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-129">Microsoft.PolicyInsight</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-129">Microsoft.PolicyInsight</span></span>](../role-based-access-control/resource-provider-operations.md#microsoftpolicyinsights)

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-130">Several of the Built-in roles have various levels of permission to Azure Policy resources, such as **Security Admin** that can manage policy assignments and definitions but cannot view compliance information and **Reader** that can read details regarding policy assignments and definitions, but cannot make changes or view compliance information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-130">Several of the Built-in roles have various levels of permission to Azure Policy resources, such as **Security Admin** that can manage policy assignments and definitions but cannot view compliance information and **Reader** that can read details regarding policy assignments and definitions, but cannot make changes or view compliance information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-131">While **Owner** has full rights, **Contributor** does not have any Azure Policy permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-131">While **Owner** has full rights, **Contributor** does not have any Azure Policy permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-132">To grant permission to view Policy compliance details, create a [custom role](../role-based-access-control/custom-roles.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-132">To grant permission to view Policy compliance details, create a [custom role](../role-based-access-control/custom-roles.md).</span></span>

## <a name="policy-definition"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-133">Policy definition</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-133">Policy definition</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-134">The journey of creating and implementing a policy in Azure Policy begins with creating a policy definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-134">The journey of creating and implementing a policy in Azure Policy begins with creating a policy definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-135">Every policy definition has conditions under which it is enforced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-135">Every policy definition has conditions under which it is enforced.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-136">And, it has an accompanying effect that takes place if the conditions are met.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-136">And, it has an accompanying effect that takes place if the conditions are met.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-137">In Azure Policy, we offer some built-in policies that are available to you by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-137">In Azure Policy, we offer some built-in policies that are available to you by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-138">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-138">For example:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-139">**Require SQL Server 12.0**: This policy definition has conditions/rules to ensure that all SQL servers use version 12.0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-139">**Require SQL Server 12.0**: This policy definition has conditions/rules to ensure that all SQL servers use version 12.0.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-140">Its effect is to deny all servers that do not meet these criteria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-140">Its effect is to deny all servers that do not meet these criteria.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-141">**Allowed Storage Account SKUs**: This policy definition has a set of conditions/rules that determine if a storage account that is being deployed is within a set of SKU sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-141">**Allowed Storage Account SKUs**: This policy definition has a set of conditions/rules that determine if a storage account that is being deployed is within a set of SKU sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-142">Its effect is to deny all storage accounts that do not adhere to the set of defined SKU sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-142">Its effect is to deny all storage accounts that do not adhere to the set of defined SKU sizes.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-143">**Allowed Resource Type**: This policy definition has a set of conditions/rules to specify the resource types that your organization can deploy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-143">**Allowed Resource Type**: This policy definition has a set of conditions/rules to specify the resource types that your organization can deploy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-144">Its effect is to deny all resources that are not part of this defined list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-144">Its effect is to deny all resources that are not part of this defined list.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-145">**Allowed Locations**: This policy enables you to restrict the locations that your organization can specify when deploying resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-145">**Allowed Locations**: This policy enables you to restrict the locations that your organization can specify when deploying resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-146">Its effect is used to enforce your geo-compliance requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-146">Its effect is used to enforce your geo-compliance requirements.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-147">**Allowed Virtual Machine SKUs**: This policy enables you to specify a set of virtual machine SKUs that your organization can deploy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-147">**Allowed Virtual Machine SKUs**: This policy enables you to specify a set of virtual machine SKUs that your organization can deploy.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-148">**Apply tag and its default value**: This policy applies a required tag and its default value, if it is not specified by the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-148">**Apply tag and its default value**: This policy applies a required tag and its default value, if it is not specified by the user.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-149">**Enforce tag and its value**: This policy enforces a required tag and its value to a resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-149">**Enforce tag and its value**: This policy enforces a required tag and its value to a resource.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-150">**Not allowed resource types**: This policy enables you to specify the resource types that your organization cannot deploy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-150">**Not allowed resource types**: This policy enables you to specify the resource types that your organization cannot deploy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-151">In order to implement these policy definitions (both built-in and custom definitions), you will need to assign them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-151">In order to implement these policy definitions (both built-in and custom definitions), you will need to assign them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-152">You can assign any of these policies through the Azure portal, PowerShell, or Azure CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-152">You can assign any of these policies through the Azure portal, PowerShell, or Azure CLI.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-153">Keep in mind that a policy re-evaluation happens about once an hour, which means that if you make changes to your policy definition after implementing the policy (creating a policy assignment) it will be re-evaluated over your resources within the hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-153">Keep in mind that a policy re-evaluation happens about once an hour, which means that if you make changes to your policy definition after implementing the policy (creating a policy assignment) it will be re-evaluated over your resources within the hour.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-154">To learn more about the structures of policy definitions, review [Policy Definition Structure](policy-definition.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-154">To learn more about the structures of policy definitions, review [Policy Definition Structure](policy-definition.md).</span></span>

## <a name="policy-assignment"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-155">Policy assignment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-155">Policy assignment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-156">A policy assignment is a policy definition that has been assigned to take place within a specific scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-156">A policy assignment is a policy definition that has been assigned to take place within a specific scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-157">This scope could range from a [management group](../azure-resource-manager/management-groups-overview.md) to a resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-157">This scope could range from a [management group](../azure-resource-manager/management-groups-overview.md) to a resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-158">The term *scope* refers to all the resource groups, subscriptions, or management groups that the policy definition is assigned to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-158">The term *scope* refers to all the resource groups, subscriptions, or management groups that the policy definition is assigned to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-159">Policy assignments are inherited by all child resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-159">Policy assignments are inherited by all child resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-160">This means that if a policy is applied to a resource group, it is applied to all the resources in that resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-160">This means that if a policy is applied to a resource group, it is applied to all the resources in that resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-161">However, you can exclude a subscope from the policy assignment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-161">However, you can exclude a subscope from the policy assignment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-162">For example, at the subscription scope, you can assign a policy that prevents the creation of networking resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-162">For example, at the subscription scope, you can assign a policy that prevents the creation of networking resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-163">However, you exclude one resource group within the subscription that is intended for networking infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-163">However, you exclude one resource group within the subscription that is intended for networking infrastructure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-164">You grant access to this networking resource group to users that you trust with creating networking resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-164">You grant access to this networking resource group to users that you trust with creating networking resources.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-165">In another example, you might want to assign a resource type whitelist policy at the management group level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-165">In another example, you might want to assign a resource type whitelist policy at the management group level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-166">And then assign a more permissive policy (allowing more resource types) on a child management group or even directly on subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-166">And then assign a more permissive policy (allowing more resource types) on a child management group or even directly on subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-167">However, this example wouldn't work because policy is an explicit deny system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-167">However, this example wouldn't work because policy is an explicit deny system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-168">Instead, you need to exclude the child management group or subscription from the management group-level policy assignment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-168">Instead, you need to exclude the child management group or subscription from the management group-level policy assignment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-169">Then, assign the more permissive policy on the child management group or subscription level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-169">Then, assign the more permissive policy on the child management group or subscription level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-170">To summarize, if any policy results in a resource getting denied, then the only way to allow the resource is to modify the denying policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-170">To summarize, if any policy results in a resource getting denied, then the only way to allow the resource is to modify the denying policy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-171">For more information on setting policy definitions and assignments, see [Create a policy assignment to identify non-compliant resources in your Azure environment](assign-policy-definition.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-171">For more information on setting policy definitions and assignments, see [Create a policy assignment to identify non-compliant resources in your Azure environment](assign-policy-definition.md).</span></span>

## <a name="policy-parameters"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-172">Policy parameters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-172">Policy parameters</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-173">Policy parameters help simplify your policy management by reducing the number of policy definitions you must create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-173">Policy parameters help simplify your policy management by reducing the number of policy definitions you must create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-174">You can define parameters when creating a policy definition to make it more generic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-174">You can define parameters when creating a policy definition to make it more generic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-175">Then you can reuse that policy definition for different scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-175">Then you can reuse that policy definition for different scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-176">You do so by passing in different values when assigning the policy definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-176">You do so by passing in different values when assigning the policy definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-177">For example, specifying one set of locations for a subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-177">For example, specifying one set of locations for a subscription.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-178">Parameters are defined/created when creating a policy definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-178">Parameters are defined/created when creating a policy definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-179">When a parameter is defined, it is given a name and optionally given a value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-179">When a parameter is defined, it is given a name and optionally given a value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-180">For example, you could define a parameter for a policy titled *location*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-180">For example, you could define a parameter for a policy titled *location*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-181">Then you can give it different values such as *EastUS* or *WestUS* when assigning a policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-181">Then you can give it different values such as *EastUS* or *WestUS* when assigning a policy.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-182">For more information about policy parameters, see [Resource Policy Overview - Parameters](policy-definition.md#parameters).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-182">For more information about policy parameters, see [Resource Policy Overview - Parameters](policy-definition.md#parameters).</span></span>

## <a name="initiative-definition"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-183">Initiative definition</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-183">Initiative definition</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-184">An initiative definition is a collection of policy definitions that are tailored towards achieving a singular overarching goal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-184">An initiative definition is a collection of policy definitions that are tailored towards achieving a singular overarching goal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-185">Initiative definitions simplify managing and assigning policy definitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-185">Initiative definitions simplify managing and assigning policy definitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-186">They simplify by grouping a set of policies as one single item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-186">They simplify by grouping a set of policies as one single item.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-187">For example, you could create an initiative titled **Enable Monitoring in Azure Security Center**, with a goal to monitor all the available security recommendations in your Azure Security Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-187">For example, you could create an initiative titled **Enable Monitoring in Azure Security Center**, with a goal to monitor all the available security recommendations in your Azure Security Center.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-188">Under this initiative, you would have policy definitions such as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-188">Under this initiative, you would have policy definitions such as:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-189">**Monitor unencrypted SQL Database in Security Center** – For monitoring unencrypted SQL databases and servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-189">**Monitor unencrypted SQL Database in Security Center** – For monitoring unencrypted SQL databases and servers.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-190">**Monitor OS vulnerabilities in Security Center** – For monitoring servers that do not satisfy the configured baseline.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-190">**Monitor OS vulnerabilities in Security Center** – For monitoring servers that do not satisfy the configured baseline.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-191">**Monitor missing Endpoint Protection in Security Center** – For monitoring servers without an installed endpoint protection agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-191">**Monitor missing Endpoint Protection in Security Center** – For monitoring servers without an installed endpoint protection agent.</span></span>

## <a name="initiative-assignment"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-192">Initiative assignment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-192">Initiative assignment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-193">Like a policy assignment, an initiative assignment is an initiative definition assigned to a specific scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-193">Like a policy assignment, an initiative assignment is an initiative definition assigned to a specific scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-194">Initiative assignments reduce the need to make several initiative definitions for each scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-194">Initiative assignments reduce the need to make several initiative definitions for each scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-195">This scope could also range from a management group to a resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-195">This scope could also range from a management group to a resource group.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-196">From the preceding example, the **Enable Monitoring in Azure Security Center** initiative can be assigned to different scopes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-196">From the preceding example, the **Enable Monitoring in Azure Security Center** initiative can be assigned to different scopes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-197">For example, one assignment can be assigned to **subscriptionA**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-197">For example, one assignment can be assigned to **subscriptionA**.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-198">Another can be assigned to **subscriptionB**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-198">Another can be assigned to **subscriptionB**.</span></span>

## <a name="initiative-parameters"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-199">Initiative parameters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-199">Initiative parameters</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-200">Like policy parameters, initiative parameters help simplify initiative management by reducing redundancy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-200">Like policy parameters, initiative parameters help simplify initiative management by reducing redundancy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-201">Initiative parameters are essentially the list of parameters being used by the policy definitions within the initiative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-201">Initiative parameters are essentially the list of parameters being used by the policy definitions within the initiative.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-202">For example, take a scenario where you have an initiative definition - **initiativeC**, with policy definitions **policyA** and **policyB** each expecting a different type of parameter:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-202">For example, take a scenario where you have an initiative definition - **initiativeC**, with policy definitions **policyA** and **policyB** each expecting a different type of parameter:</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-203">Policy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-203">Policy</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-204">Name of parameter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-204">Name of parameter</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-205">Type of parameter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-205">Type of parameter</span></span>  |<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-206">Note</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-206">Note</span></span> |
|---|---|---|---|
| <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-207">policyA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-207">policyA</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-208">allowedLocations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-208">allowedLocations</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-209">array</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-209">array</span></span>  |<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-210">This parameter expects a list of strings for a value since the parameter type has been defined as an array</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-210">This parameter expects a list of strings for a value since the parameter type has been defined as an array</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-211">policyB</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-211">policyB</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-212">allowedSingleLocation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-212">allowedSingleLocation</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-213">string</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-213">string</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-214">This parameter expects one word for a value since the parameter type has been defined as a string</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-214">This parameter expects one word for a value since the parameter type has been defined as a string</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-215">In this scenario, when defining the initiative parameters for **initiativeC**, you have three options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-215">In this scenario, when defining the initiative parameters for **initiativeC**, you have three options:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-216">Use the parameters of the policy definitions within this initiative: In this example, *allowedLocations* and *allowedSingleLocation* become initiative parameters for **initiativeC**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-216">Use the parameters of the policy definitions within this initiative: In this example, *allowedLocations* and *allowedSingleLocation* become initiative parameters for **initiativeC**.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-217">Provide values to the parameters of the policy definitions within this initiative definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-217">Provide values to the parameters of the policy definitions within this initiative definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-218">In this example, you can provide a list of locations to **policyA’s parameter – allowedLocations** and **policyB’s parameter – allowedSingleLocation**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-218">In this example, you can provide a list of locations to **policyA’s parameter – allowedLocations** and **policyB’s parameter – allowedSingleLocation**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-219">You can also provide values when assigning this initiative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-219">You can also provide values when assigning this initiative.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-220">Provide a list of *value* options that can be used when assigning this initiative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-220">Provide a list of *value* options that can be used when assigning this initiative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-221">When you assign this initiative, the inherited parameters from the policy definitions within the initiative, can only have values from this provided list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-221">When you assign this initiative, the inherited parameters from the policy definitions within the initiative, can only have values from this provided list.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-222">For example, you might create a list of value options in an initiative definition that contain *EastUS*, *WestUS*, *CentralUS*, and *WestEurope*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-222">For example, you might create a list of value options in an initiative definition that contain *EastUS*, *WestUS*, *CentralUS*, and *WestEurope*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-223">If so, you are unable to input a different value such as *Southeast Asia* during the initiative assignment, because it is not part of the list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-223">If so, you are unable to input a different value such as *Southeast Asia* during the initiative assignment, because it is not part of the list.</span></span>

## <a name="maximum-count-of-policy-objects"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-224">Maximum count of Policy objects</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-224">Maximum count of Policy objects</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [policy-limits](../../includes/azure-policy-limits.md)]

## <a name="recommendations-for-managing-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-225">Recommendations for managing policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-225">Recommendations for managing policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-226">While creating and managing policy definitions and assignments, here are a few pointers we advise you to follow and tips to keep in mind:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-226">While creating and managing policy definitions and assignments, here are a few pointers we advise you to follow and tips to keep in mind:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-227">If you are creating policy definitions in your environment, we recommend starting with an audit effect, as opposed to a deny effect, to keep track of the impact of your policy definition on the resources in your environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-227">If you are creating policy definitions in your environment, we recommend starting with an audit effect, as opposed to a deny effect, to keep track of the impact of your policy definition on the resources in your environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-228">If you have scripts already in place to autoscale up your applications, setting a deny effect may hinder those automations tasks you already have in place.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-228">If you have scripts already in place to autoscale up your applications, setting a deny effect may hinder those automations tasks you already have in place.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-229">It is important to keep organizational hierarchies in mind when creating definitions and assignments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-229">It is important to keep organizational hierarchies in mind when creating definitions and assignments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-230">We recommend creating definitions at a higher level, for example at the management group or subscription level, and assigning at the next child level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-230">We recommend creating definitions at a higher level, for example at the management group or subscription level, and assigning at the next child level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-231">For example, if you create a policy definition at the management group level, a policy assignment of that definition can be scoped down to a subscription level within that management group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-231">For example, if you create a policy definition at the management group level, a policy assignment of that definition can be scoped down to a subscription level within that management group.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-232">We recommend always using initiative definitions instead of policy definitions, even if you only have one policy in mind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-232">We recommend always using initiative definitions instead of policy definitions, even if you only have one policy in mind.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-233">For example, if you have a policy definition – *policyDefA* and you create it under the initiative definition - *initiativeDefC*, if you decide to create another policy definition later for *policyDefB* with goals similar to that of *policyDefA*, you can add it under *initiativeDefC* and track them better that way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-233">For example, if you have a policy definition – *policyDefA* and you create it under the initiative definition - *initiativeDefC*, if you decide to create another policy definition later for *policyDefB* with goals similar to that of *policyDefA*, you can add it under *initiativeDefC* and track them better that way.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-234">Keep in mind that once you have created an initiative assignment from an initiative definition, any new policy definitions added to the initiative definition automatically roll under the initiative assignment(s) under that initiative definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-234">Keep in mind that once you have created an initiative assignment from an initiative definition, any new policy definitions added to the initiative definition automatically roll under the initiative assignment(s) under that initiative definition.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-235">Once an initiative assignment is triggered, all policies within the initiative will be triggered as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-235">Once an initiative assignment is triggered, all policies within the initiative will be triggered as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-236">However, if you needed to execute a policy individually, it is better to not include it in an initiative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-236">However, if you needed to execute a policy individually, it is better to not include it in an initiative.</span></span>

## <a name="video-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-237">Video Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-237">Video Overview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-238">The following overview of Azure Policy is from Build 2018.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-238">The following overview of Azure Policy is from Build 2018.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-239">For slides or video download, please visit [Govern your Azure environment through Azure Policy](https://channel9.msdn.com/events/Build/2018/THR2030) on Channel 9.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-239">For slides or video download, please visit [Govern your Azure environment through Azure Policy](https://channel9.msdn.com/events/Build/2018/THR2030) on Channel 9.</span></span>

> [!VIDEO https://channel9.msdn.com/events/Build/2018/THR2030/player]

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="dbf66-240">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-240">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-241">Now that you have an overview of Azure Policy and some of the key concepts, here are the suggested next steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-241">Now that you have an overview of Azure Policy and some of the key concepts, here are the suggested next steps:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-242">Assign a policy definition</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-242">Assign a policy definition</span></span>](assign-policy-definition.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-243">Assign a policy definition using the Azure CLI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-243">Assign a policy definition using the Azure CLI</span></span>](assign-policy-definition-cli.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="dbf66-244">Assign a policy definition using PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-244">Assign a policy definition using PowerShell</span></span>](assign-policy-definition-ps.md)
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-245">Review what a management group is with [Organize your resources with Azure management groups](../azure-resource-manager/management-groups-overview.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-245">Review what a management group is with [Organize your resources with Azure management groups](../azure-resource-manager/management-groups-overview.md)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dbf66-246">View [Govern your Azure environment through Azure Policy](https://channel9.msdn.com/events/Build/2018/THR2030) on Channel 9</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dbf66-246">View [Govern your Azure environment through Azure Policy](https://channel9.msdn.com/events/Build/2018/THR2030) on Channel 9</span></span>