---
title: 'Azure Active Directory Domain Services: Features | Microsoft Docs'
description: Features of Azure Active Directory Domain Services
services: active-directory-ds
documentationcenter: ''
author: mahesh-unnikrishnan
manager: stevenpo
editor: curtand
ms.assetid: 8d1c3eb3-1022-4add-a919-c98cc6584af1
ms.service: active-directory-ds
ms.workload: identity
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/06/2017
ms.author: maheshu
ms.openlocfilehash: 22873c20c0f7c081bbe35841f41013b2c6486291
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44540924"
---
# <a name="azure-ad-domain-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="610e2-103">Azure AD Domain Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-103">Azure AD Domain Services</span></span>
## <a name="features"></a><span data-ttu-id="610e2-104">Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-104">Features</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="610e2-105">The following features are available in Azure AD Domain Services managed domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-105">The following features are available in Azure AD Domain Services managed domains.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-106">**Simple deployment experience:** You can enable Azure AD Domain Services for your Azure AD tenant using just a few clicks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-106">**Simple deployment experience:** You can enable Azure AD Domain Services for your Azure AD tenant using just a few clicks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-107">Regardless of whether your Azure AD tenant is a cloud-tenant or synchronized with your on-premises directory, your managed domain can be provisioned quickly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-107">Regardless of whether your Azure AD tenant is a cloud-tenant or synchronized with your on-premises directory, your managed domain can be provisioned quickly.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-108">**Support for domain-join:** You can easily domain-join computers in the Azure virtual network your managed domain is available in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-108">**Support for domain-join:** You can easily domain-join computers in the Azure virtual network your managed domain is available in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-109">The domain-join experience on Windows client and Server operating systems works seamlessly against domains serviced by Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-109">The domain-join experience on Windows client and Server operating systems works seamlessly against domains serviced by Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-110">You can also use automated domain join tooling against such domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-110">You can also use automated domain join tooling against such domains.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-111">**One domain instance per Azure AD directory:** You can create a single Active Directory domain for each Azure AD directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-111">**One domain instance per Azure AD directory:** You can create a single Active Directory domain for each Azure AD directory.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-112">**Create domains with custom names:** You can create domains with custom names (for example, 'contoso100.com') using Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-112">**Create domains with custom names:** You can create domains with custom names (for example, 'contoso100.com') using Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-113">You can use either verified or unverified domain names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-113">You can use either verified or unverified domain names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-114">Optionally, you can also create a domain with the built-in domain suffix (that is, '\*.onmicrosoft.com') offered by your Azure AD directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-114">Optionally, you can also create a domain with the built-in domain suffix (that is, '\*.onmicrosoft.com') offered by your Azure AD directory.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-115">**Integrated with Azure AD:** You do not need to configure or manage replication to Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-115">**Integrated with Azure AD:** You do not need to configure or manage replication to Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-116">User accounts, group memberships, and user credentials (passwords) from your Azure AD directory are automatically available in Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-116">User accounts, group memberships, and user credentials (passwords) from your Azure AD directory are automatically available in Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-117">New users, groups, or changes to attributes from your Azure AD tenant or your on-premises directory are automatically synchronized to Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-117">New users, groups, or changes to attributes from your Azure AD tenant or your on-premises directory are automatically synchronized to Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-118">**NTLM and Kerberos authentication:** With support for NTLM and Kerberos authentication, you can deploy applications that rely on Windows Integrated Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-118">**NTLM and Kerberos authentication:** With support for NTLM and Kerberos authentication, you can deploy applications that rely on Windows Integrated Authentication.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-119">**Use your corporate credentials/passwords:** Passwords for users in your Azure AD tenant work with Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-119">**Use your corporate credentials/passwords:** Passwords for users in your Azure AD tenant work with Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-120">Users can use their corporate credentials to domain-join machines, log in interactively or over remote desktop, and authenticate against the managed domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-120">Users can use their corporate credentials to domain-join machines, log in interactively or over remote desktop, and authenticate against the managed domain.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-121">**LDAP bind & LDAP read support:** You can use applications that rely on LDAP binds to authenticate users in domains serviced by Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-121">**LDAP bind & LDAP read support:** You can use applications that rely on LDAP binds to authenticate users in domains serviced by Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-122">Additionally, applications that use LDAP read operations to query user/computer attributes from the directory can also work against Azure AD Domain Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-122">Additionally, applications that use LDAP read operations to query user/computer attributes from the directory can also work against Azure AD Domain Services.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-123">**Secure LDAP (LDAPS):** You can enable access to the directory over secure LDAP (LDAPS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-123">**Secure LDAP (LDAPS):** You can enable access to the directory over secure LDAP (LDAPS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-124">Secure LDAP access is available within the virtual network by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-124">Secure LDAP access is available within the virtual network by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-125">However, you can also optionally enable secure LDAP access over the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-125">However, you can also optionally enable secure LDAP access over the internet.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-126">**Group Policy:** You can use a single built-in GPO each for the users and computers containers to enforce compliance with required security policies for user accounts and domain-joined computers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-126">**Group Policy:** You can use a single built-in GPO each for the users and computers containers to enforce compliance with required security policies for user accounts and domain-joined computers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-127">You can also create your own custom GPOs and assign them to custom organizational units to manage group policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-127">You can also create your own custom GPOs and assign them to custom organizational units to manage group policy.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-128">**Manage DNS:** Members of the 'AAD DC Administrators' group can manage DNS for your managed domain using familiar DNS administration tools such as the DNS Administration MMC snap-in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-128">**Manage DNS:** Members of the 'AAD DC Administrators' group can manage DNS for your managed domain using familiar DNS administration tools such as the DNS Administration MMC snap-in.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-129">**Create custom Organizational Units (OUs):** Members of the 'AAD DC Administrators' group can create custom OUs in the managed domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-129">**Create custom Organizational Units (OUs):** Members of the 'AAD DC Administrators' group can create custom OUs in the managed domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-130">These users are granted full administrative privileges over custom OUs, so they can add/remove service accounts, computers, groups etc. within these custom OUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-130">These users are granted full administrative privileges over custom OUs, so they can add/remove service accounts, computers, groups etc. within these custom OUs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-131">**Available in multiple Azure regions:** See the [Azure services by region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/#services/) page to know the Azure regions in which Azure AD Domain Services is available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-131">**Available in multiple Azure regions:** See the [Azure services by region](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/#services/) page to know the Azure regions in which Azure AD Domain Services is available.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-132">**High availability:** Azure AD Domain Services offers high availability for your domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-132">**High availability:** Azure AD Domain Services offers high availability for your domain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-133">This feature offers the guarantee of higher service uptime and resilience to failures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-133">This feature offers the guarantee of higher service uptime and resilience to failures.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="610e2-134">Built-in health monitoring offers automated remediation from failures by spinning up new instances to replace failed instances and to provide continued service for your domain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-134">Built-in health monitoring offers automated remediation from failures by spinning up new instances to replace failed instances and to provide continued service for your domain.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="610e2-135">**Use familiar management tools:** You can use familiar Windows Server Active Directory management tools such as the Active Directory Administrative Center or Active Directory PowerShell to administer managed domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="610e2-135">**Use familiar management tools:** You can use familiar Windows Server Active Directory management tools such as the Active Directory Administrative Center or Active Directory PowerShell to administer managed domains.</span></span>
