---
title: FAQ about using the Azure Database Migration Service | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn frequently asked questions about using the Azure Database Migration Service to perform database migrations.
services: database-migration
author: HJToland3
ms.author: jtoland
manager: ''
ms.reviewer: ''
ms.service: database-migration
ms.workload: data-services
ms.custom: mvc
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 06/19/2018
ms.openlocfilehash: 2fd5049b8b65620087e3c1ec42b6a5dcb0e0741a
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44968355"
---
# <a name="faq-about-using-the-azure-database-migration-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-103">FAQ about using the Azure Database Migration Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-103">FAQ about using the Azure Database Migration Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-104">This article lists commonly asked questions about using the Azure Database Migration Service together with related answers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-104">This article lists commonly asked questions about using the Azure Database Migration Service together with related answers.</span></span>

### <a name="q-what-is-azure-database-migration-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-105">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-105">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-106">What is Azure Database Migration Service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-106">What is Azure Database Migration Service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-107">The Azure Database Migration Service is a fully managed service designed to enable seamless migrations from multiple database sources to Azure Data platforms with minimal downtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-107">The Azure Database Migration Service is a fully managed service designed to enable seamless migrations from multiple database sources to Azure Data platforms with minimal downtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-108">The service is currently Generally Available, with ongoing development efforts focused on:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-108">The service is currently Generally Available, with ongoing development efforts focused on:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-109">Reliability and performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-109">Reliability and performance.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-110">Iterative addition of source-target pairs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-110">Iterative addition of source-target pairs.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-111">Continued investment in friction-free migrations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-111">Continued investment in friction-free migrations.</span></span>

### <a name="q-what-source-target-pairs-does-the-azure-database-migration-service-currently-support"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-112">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-112">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-113">What source-target pairs does the Azure Database Migration Service currently support?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-113">What source-target pairs does the Azure Database Migration Service currently support?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-114">The service currently supports migrations from SQL Server to Azure SQL Database, and you can go to the Azure portal now to start using the Azure Database Migration Service for this scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-114">The service currently supports migrations from SQL Server to Azure SQL Database, and you can go to the Azure portal now to start using the Azure Database Migration Service for this scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-115">Other source-target pairs, such as Oracle to Azure SQL Database are available via a limited Private Preview.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-115">Other source-target pairs, such as Oracle to Azure SQL Database are available via a limited Private Preview.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-116">For an opportunity to participate in the limited Private Preview of these scenarios, sign up [here](https://aka.ms/dms-preview/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-116">For an opportunity to participate in the limited Private Preview of these scenarios, sign up [here](https://aka.ms/dms-preview/).</span></span>

### <a name="q-how-does-the-azure-database-migration-service-compare-to-other-microsoft-database-migration-tools-such-as-the-database-migration-assistant-dma-or-sql-server-migration-assistant-ssma"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-117">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-117">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-118">How does the Azure Database Migration Service compare to other Microsoft database migration tools such as the Database Migration Assistant (DMA) or SQL Server Migration Assistant (SSMA)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-118">How does the Azure Database Migration Service compare to other Microsoft database migration tools such as the Database Migration Assistant (DMA) or SQL Server Migration Assistant (SSMA)?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-119">The Azure Database Migration Service is the preferred method for database migration to Microsoft Azure at scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-119">The Azure Database Migration Service is the preferred method for database migration to Microsoft Azure at scale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-120">For more detail on how the Azure Database Migration Service compares to other Microsoft database migration tools and for recommendations on using the service for various scenarios, see the blog posting [Differentiating Microsoft’s Database Migration Tools and Services](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/datamigration/2017/10/13/differentiating-microsofts-database-migration-tools-and-services/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-120">For more detail on how the Azure Database Migration Service compares to other Microsoft database migration tools and for recommendations on using the service for various scenarios, see the blog posting [Differentiating Microsoft’s Database Migration Tools and Services](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/datamigration/2017/10/13/differentiating-microsofts-database-migration-tools-and-services/).</span></span>

### <a name="q-how-does-the-azure-database-migration-service-compare-to-the-azure-migrate-offering"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-121">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-121">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-122">How does the Azure Database Migration Service compare to the Azure Migrate offering?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-122">How does the Azure Database Migration Service compare to the Azure Migrate offering?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-123">The Azure Migrate Service assists with migration of on-premises virtual machines to Azure IaaS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-123">The Azure Migrate Service assists with migration of on-premises virtual machines to Azure IaaS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-124">The service assesses migration suitability and performance-based sizing, and it provides cost estimates for running your on-premises virtual machines in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-124">The service assesses migration suitability and performance-based sizing, and it provides cost estimates for running your on-premises virtual machines in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-125">Azure Migrate is useful for lift-and-shift migrations of on-premises VM-based workloads to Azure IaaS VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-125">Azure Migrate is useful for lift-and-shift migrations of on-premises VM-based workloads to Azure IaaS VMs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-126">However, unlike the Azure Database Migration Service, Azure Migrate isn’t a specialized database migration service offering for Azure PaaS relational database platforms such as Azure SQL Database or SQL Azure or Azure SQL Database Managed Instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-126">However, unlike the Azure Database Migration Service, Azure Migrate isn’t a specialized database migration service offering for Azure PaaS relational database platforms such as Azure SQL Database or SQL Azure or Azure SQL Database Managed Instance.</span></span>

### <a name="q-what-versions-of-sql-server-does-the-azure-database-migration-service-support-as-a-source"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-127">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-127">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-128">What versions of SQL Server does the Azure Database Migration Service support as a source?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-128">What versions of SQL Server does the Azure Database Migration Service support as a source?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-129">When migrating from SQL Server, the Azure Database Migration Service supports SQL Server 2005 through SQL Server 2017.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-129">When migrating from SQL Server, the Azure Database Migration Service supports SQL Server 2005 through SQL Server 2017.</span></span>

### <a name="q-what-is-a-summary-of-the-steps-required-to-use-the-azure-database-migration-service-to-perform-a-database-migration"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-130">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-130">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-131">What is a summary of the steps required to use the Azure Database Migration Service to perform a database migration?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-131">What is a summary of the steps required to use the Azure Database Migration Service to perform a database migration?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-132">During a typical, simple database migration, you:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-132">During a typical, simple database migration, you:</span></span>
1.  <span data-ttu-id="17293-133">Create a target database(s).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-133">Create a target database(s).</span></span>
2.  <span data-ttu-id="17293-134">Migrate the database(s) schema by using the [Database Migration Assistant](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53595).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-134">Migrate the database(s) schema by using the [Database Migration Assistant](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53595).</span></span>
3.  <span data-ttu-id="17293-135">Create an instance of the Azure Database Migration Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-135">Create an instance of the Azure Database Migration Service.</span></span>
4.  <span data-ttu-id="17293-136">Create a migration project specifying the source database(s), target database(s), and tables to migrate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-136">Create a migration project specifying the source database(s), target database(s), and tables to migrate.</span></span>
5.  <span data-ttu-id="17293-137">Initiate the full load.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-137">Initiate the full load.</span></span>
6.  <span data-ttu-id="17293-138">Pick the subsequent validation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-138">Pick the subsequent validation.</span></span>
7.  <span data-ttu-id="17293-139">Perform a manual switchover of your production environment to the new cloud-based database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-139">Perform a manual switchover of your production environment to the new cloud-based database.</span></span> 

### <a name="q-what-are-the-prerequisites-for-using-the-azure-database-migration-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-140">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-140">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-141">What are the prerequisites for using the Azure Database Migration Service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-141">What are the prerequisites for using the Azure Database Migration Service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-142">There are several prerequisites required to ensure that the Azure Database Migration Service runs smoothly when performing database migrations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-142">There are several prerequisites required to ensure that the Azure Database Migration Service runs smoothly when performing database migrations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-143">Some of the prerequisites apply across all scenarios (source-target pairs) supported by the service, while other prerequisites are unique to a specific scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-143">Some of the prerequisites apply across all scenarios (source-target pairs) supported by the service, while other prerequisites are unique to a specific scenario.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-144">Azure Database Migration Service prerequisites that are common across all supported migration scenarios include the need to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-144">Azure Database Migration Service prerequisites that are common across all supported migration scenarios include the need to:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-145">Create a VNET for the Azure Database Migration Service by using the Azure Resource Manager deployment model, which provides site-to-site connectivity to your on-premises source servers by using either [ExpressRoute](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/expressroute-introduction) or [VPN](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-vpngateways).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-145">Create a VNET for the Azure Database Migration Service by using the Azure Resource Manager deployment model, which provides site-to-site connectivity to your on-premises source servers by using either [ExpressRoute](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/expressroute-introduction) or [VPN](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/vpn-gateway/vpn-gateway-about-vpngateways).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-146">Ensure that your Azure Virtual Network (VNET) Network Security Group rules do not block the following communication ports 443, 53, 9354, 445, 12000.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-146">Ensure that your Azure Virtual Network (VNET) Network Security Group rules do not block the following communication ports 443, 53, 9354, 445, 12000.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-147">For more detail on Azure VNET NSG traffic filtering, see the article [Filter network traffic with network security groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-147">For more detail on Azure VNET NSG traffic filtering, see the article [Filter network traffic with network security groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-nsg).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-148">When using a firewall appliance in front of your source database(s), you may need to add firewall rules to allow the Azure Database Migration Service to access the source database(s) for migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-148">When using a firewall appliance in front of your source database(s), you may need to add firewall rules to allow the Azure Database Migration Service to access the source database(s) for migration.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="17293-149">For a list of all the prerequisites required to compete specific migration scenarios using the Azure Database Migration Service, see the related tutorials in the Azure Database Migration Service [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/dms/dms-overview) on docs.microsoft.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-149">For a list of all the prerequisites required to compete specific migration scenarios using the Azure Database Migration Service, see the related tutorials in the Azure Database Migration Service [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/dms/dms-overview) on docs.microsoft.com.</span></span>

### <a name="q-how-do-i-find-the-ip-address-for-the-azure-database-migration-service-so-that-i-can-create-an-allow-list-for-the-firewall-rules-used-to-access-my-source-database-for-migration"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-150">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-150">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-151">How do I find the IP address for the Azure Database Migration Service so that I can create an allow list for the firewall rules used to access my source database for migration?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-151">How do I find the IP address for the Azure Database Migration Service so that I can create an allow list for the firewall rules used to access my source database for migration?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-152">You may need to add firewall rules allowing the Azure Database Migration Service to access to your source database for migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-152">You may need to add firewall rules allowing the Azure Database Migration Service to access to your source database for migration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-153">The IP address for the service is dynamic, but if you are using Express Route, this address is privately assigned by your corporate network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-153">The IP address for the service is dynamic, but if you are using Express Route, this address is privately assigned by your corporate network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-154">The easiest way to identify the appropriate IP address it is to look in the same resource group as your provisioned Azure Database Migration Service resource to find the associated Network Interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-154">The easiest way to identify the appropriate IP address it is to look in the same resource group as your provisioned Azure Database Migration Service resource to find the associated Network Interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-155">Usually the name of the Network Interface resource begins with the NIC prefix and followed by a unique character and number sequence, example NIC-jj6tnztnmarpsskr82rbndyp.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-155">Usually the name of the Network Interface resource begins with the NIC prefix and followed by a unique character and number sequence, example NIC-jj6tnztnmarpsskr82rbndyp.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-156">By selecting this network interface resource, you can see the IP address that needs to be included in the allow list on the resource overview Azure portal page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-156">By selecting this network interface resource, you can see the IP address that needs to be included in the allow list on the resource overview Azure portal page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17293-157">You may also need to include the port source that SQL Server is listening on the allow list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-157">You may also need to include the port source that SQL Server is listening on the allow list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-158">By default, it is port 1433, but the source SQL Server may be configured to listen on other ports as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-158">By default, it is port 1433, but the source SQL Server may be configured to listen on other ports as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-159">In this case, you need to include those ports on the allow list as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-159">In this case, you need to include those ports on the allow list as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-160">You can determine the port that SQL Server is listening on by using a Dynamic Management View query:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-160">You can determine the port that SQL Server is listening on by using a Dynamic Management View query:</span></span>

```sql
    SELECT DISTINCT 
        local_tcp_port 
    FROM sys.dm_exec_connections 
    WHERE local_tcp_port IS NOT NULL
```
<span data-ttu-id="17293-161">You can also determine the port that SQL Server is listening by querying the SQL Server error log:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-161">You can also determine the port that SQL Server is listening by querying the SQL Server error log:</span></span>

```sql
    USE master
    GO
    xp_readerrorlog 0, 1, N'Server is listening on' 
    GO
```

### <a name="q-are-there-any-recommendations-for-optimizing-the-performance-of-the-azure-database-migration-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-162">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-162">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-163">Are there any recommendations for optimizing the performance of the Azure Database Migration Service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-163">Are there any recommendations for optimizing the performance of the Azure Database Migration Service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-164">You can do a few things to speed up your database migration using the service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-164">You can do a few things to speed up your database migration using the service:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-165">Use the multi CPU General Purpose Pricing Tier when you create your service instance to allow the service to take advantage of multiple vCPUs for parallelization and faster data transfer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-165">Use the multi CPU General Purpose Pricing Tier when you create your service instance to allow the service to take advantage of multiple vCPUs for parallelization and faster data transfer.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17293-166">Temporarily scale up your Azure SQL Database target instance to the Premium tier SKU during the data migration operation to minimize Azure SQL Database throttling that may impact data transfer activities when using lower-level SKUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-166">Temporarily scale up your Azure SQL Database target instance to the Premium tier SKU during the data migration operation to minimize Azure SQL Database throttling that may impact data transfer activities when using lower-level SKUs.</span></span>

### <a name="q-how-do-i-set-up-an-azure-virtual-network"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-167">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-167">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-168">How do I set up an Azure Virtual Network?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-168">How do I set up an Azure Virtual Network?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-169">While multiple Microsoft tutorials that can walk you through the process of setting up an Azure VNET, the official documentation appears in the article [Azure Virtual Network](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-169">While multiple Microsoft tutorials that can walk you through the process of setting up an Azure VNET, the official documentation appears in the article [Azure Virtual Network](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview).</span></span>

### <a name="q-why-is-my-azure-database-migration-service-unavailable-or-stopped"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-170">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-170">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-171">Why is my Azure Database Migration Service unavailable or stopped?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-171">Why is my Azure Database Migration Service unavailable or stopped?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-172">If the user explicitly stops the Azure Database Migration Service (DMS) or if the service is inactive for a period of 24 hours, the service will be in a stopped or auto paused state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-172">If the user explicitly stops the Azure Database Migration Service (DMS) or if the service is inactive for a period of 24 hours, the service will be in a stopped or auto paused state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-173">In each case, the service will be unavailable and in a stopped status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-173">In each case, the service will be unavailable and in a stopped status.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="17293-174">To resume active migrations, restart the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-174">To resume active migrations, restart the service.</span></span>

### <a name="q-where-can-i-leave-feedback-about-the-azure-database-migration-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-175">Q.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-175">Q.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-176">Where can I leave feedback about the Azure Database Migration Service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-176">Where can I leave feedback about the Azure Database Migration Service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-177">We want to hear from you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-177">We want to hear from you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17293-178">Please send any feedback and/ideas you have about the Azure Database Migration Service via User Voice, [here](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/906100-azure-database-migration-service).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-178">Please send any feedback and/ideas you have about the Azure Database Migration Service via User Voice, [here](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/906100-azure-database-migration-service).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="17293-179">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-179">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17293-180">For an overview of the Azure Database Migration Service and regional availability, see the article [What is the Azure Database Migration Service](dms-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17293-180">For an overview of the Azure Database Migration Service and regional availability, see the article [What is the Azure Database Migration Service](dms-overview.md).</span></span> 
