---
title: Monitoring Azure Containers Overview| Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides an overview of the different methods available in Azure to monitor Containers in Azure to quickly understand a clusters health and availability.
services: log-analytics
documentationcenter: ''
author: MGoedtel
manager: carmonm
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ''
ms.service: log-analytics
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 04/26/2018
ms.author: magoedte
ms.openlocfilehash: 0d511c1f6dfd482e5754741da15b2852ee77c11e
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44857601"
---
# <a name="overview-of-monitoring-containers-in-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-103">Overview of monitoring Containers in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-103">Overview of monitoring Containers in Azure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-104">With Azure, you can effectively monitor and manage your workloads deployed on Azure containers running Kubernetes or Docker.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-104">With Azure, you can effectively monitor and manage your workloads deployed on Azure containers running Kubernetes or Docker.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-105">It is important to understand how containers with multiple microservice applications are performing in order to deliver a reliable service at scale and support your monitoring plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-105">It is important to understand how containers with multiple microservice applications are performing in order to deliver a reliable service at scale and support your monitoring plan.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-106">This article provides a brief overview of the management and monitoring capabilities in Azure to help you understand each and which are appropriate based on your requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-106">This article provides a brief overview of the management and monitoring capabilities in Azure to help you understand each and which are appropriate based on your requirements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-107">Using [Azure Monitor container health](monitoring-container-health.md), you can view the performance and health of your Linux container infrastructure at a glance and investigate issues quickly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-107">Using [Azure Monitor container health](monitoring-container-health.md), you can view the performance and health of your Linux container infrastructure at a glance and investigate issues quickly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-108">The telemetry is stored in a Log Analytics workspace and integrated in the Azure portal, where you can explore, filter, and segment aggregated data with dashboards to keep an eye on load, performance, and health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-108">The telemetry is stored in a Log Analytics workspace and integrated in the Azure portal, where you can explore, filter, and segment aggregated data with dashboards to keep an eye on load, performance, and health.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-109">For containers running outside of the hosted Azure Kubernetes service, the Log Analytics [Windows and Docker Container solution](../log-analytics/log-analytics-containers.md) helps you view and manage your Windows and Docker container hosts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-109">For containers running outside of the hosted Azure Kubernetes service, the Log Analytics [Windows and Docker Container solution](../log-analytics/log-analytics-containers.md) helps you view and manage your Windows and Docker container hosts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-110">From your Log Analytics workspace, you can view inventory details, performance, and events from nodes and containers in the environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-110">From your Log Analytics workspace, you can view inventory details, performance, and events from nodes and containers in the environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-111">You can view detailed audit information showing commands used with containers, and you can troubleshoot containers by viewing and searching centralized logs without having to remotely access Docker or Windows hosts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-111">You can view detailed audit information showing commands used with containers, and you can troubleshoot containers by viewing and searching centralized logs without having to remotely access Docker or Windows hosts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-112">To achieve holistic or end-to-end monitoring of the application, any dependency whether it is an Azure or on-premises resource, should be monitored with Azure Monitor or Log Analytics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-112">To achieve holistic or end-to-end monitoring of the application, any dependency whether it is an Azure or on-premises resource, should be monitored with Azure Monitor or Log Analytics.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-113">The application layer should be included in order to add an additional layer of health awareness, both at the platform and application level using Application Insights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-113">The application layer should be included in order to add an additional layer of health awareness, both at the platform and application level using Application Insights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-114">At the platform level, there is Application Insights SDKs for [Kubernetes]( https://github.com/Microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Kubernetes), [Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/applicationinsights/), and [Service Fabric](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-fabric/service-fabric-diagnostics-event-analysis-appinsights).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-114">At the platform level, there is Application Insights SDKs for [Kubernetes]( https://github.com/Microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Kubernetes), [Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/applicationinsights/), and [Service Fabric](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-fabric/service-fabric-diagnostics-event-analysis-appinsights).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-115">For microservice applications, there is support for [Java](../application-insights/app-insights-java-get-started.md), [Node.js](../application-insights/app-insights-nodejs-quick-start.md), [.Net](../application-insights/app-insights-asp-net.md), [.Net  Core](../application-insights/app-insights-asp-net-core.md), as well as a number of other [languages/frameworks](../application-insights/app-insights-platforms.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-115">For microservice applications, there is support for [Java](../application-insights/app-insights-java-get-started.md), [Node.js](../application-insights/app-insights-nodejs-quick-start.md), [.Net](../application-insights/app-insights-asp-net.md), [.Net  Core](../application-insights/app-insights-asp-net-core.md), as well as a number of other [languages/frameworks](../application-insights/app-insights-platforms.md).</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f0fe2-116">Otherwise, issues will go unidentified that could impact the availability of the application and service level targets will not be met.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f0fe2-116">Otherwise, issues will go unidentified that could impact the availability of the application and service level targets will not be met.</span></span>  
