---
title: FAQ
description: Power BI Embedded FAQ
services: power-bi-embedded
documentationcenter: ''
author: guyinacube
manager: erikre
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: 1475ed4f-fc84-4865-b243-e8a47d8bda59
ms.service: power-bi-embedded
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: powerbi
ms.date: 03/02/2017
ms.author: asaxton
ms.openlocfilehash: be485debb4d8a2d1f64e1752bc204f1634d53c97
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44551552"
---
# <a name="power-bi-embedded-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-103">Power BI Embedded FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-103">Power BI Embedded FAQ</span></span>
## <a name="whats-your-most-recent-announcement-about-power-bi-embedded"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-104">What's your most recent announcement about Power BI Embedded?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-104">What's your most recent announcement about Power BI Embedded?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-105">Microsoft Power BI Embedded Service is now generally available with standard GA SLA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-105">Microsoft Power BI Embedded Service is now generally available with standard GA SLA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-106">To learn more about this release, see [What's new](power-bi-embedded-whats-new.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-106">To learn more about this release, see [What's new](power-bi-embedded-whats-new.md).</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-microsoft-power-bi-embedded"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-107">What is Microsoft Power BI Embedded?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-107">What is Microsoft Power BI Embedded?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-108">Microsoft Power BI Embedded is now generally available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-108">Microsoft Power BI Embedded is now generally available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-109">Power BI Embedded is an Azure service that allows Application developers to embed stunning, fully interactive reports and visualizations in customer facing apps without the time and expense of having to build your own controls from the ground-up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-109">Power BI Embedded is an Azure service that allows Application developers to embed stunning, fully interactive reports and visualizations in customer facing apps without the time and expense of having to build your own controls from the ground-up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-110">We now have Power BI Embedded available with SLA in 9 data centers worldwide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-110">We now have Power BI Embedded available with SLA in 9 data centers worldwide.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-111">We have also enhanced functionalities in the service like support for data security via row-level security (RLS) in Power BI Embedded for advanced filtering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-111">We have also enhanced functionalities in the service like support for data security via row-level security (RLS) in Power BI Embedded for advanced filtering.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-112">We have also simplified and updated the Power BI Embedded pricing model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-112">We have also simplified and updated the Power BI Embedded pricing model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-113">To learn more, see [Power BI Embedded](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/power-bi-embedded/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-113">To learn more, see [Power BI Embedded](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/power-bi-embedded/).</span></span>  

## <a name="who-would-want-to-use-microsoft-power-bi-embedded-and-why"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-114">Who would want to use Microsoft Power BI Embedded, and why?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-114">Who would want to use Microsoft Power BI Embedded, and why?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-115">Microsoft Power BI Embedded is for Application developers that want to offer stunning and interactive data visualization experiences for their users across any of their devices without having to build it themselves.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-115">Microsoft Power BI Embedded is for Application developers that want to offer stunning and interactive data visualization experiences for their users across any of their devices without having to build it themselves.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-116">With Power BI Embedded, developers can deliver always-up-to-date views with Direct Query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-116">With Power BI Embedded, developers can deliver always-up-to-date views with Direct Query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-117">Developers can also programmatically deploy and manage automate Power BI with the Azure ARM APIs and Power BI APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-117">Developers can also programmatically deploy and manage automate Power BI with the Azure ARM APIs and Power BI APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-118">As with all things Power BI, the embedded service automatically scales to meet the usage and needs of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-118">As with all things Power BI, the embedded service automatically scales to meet the usage and needs of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-119">The Power BI Embedded service features a Pay-as-you-go consumption based pricing model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-119">The Power BI Embedded service features a Pay-as-you-go consumption based pricing model.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-power-bi-embedded-relate-to-the-power-bi-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-120">How does Power BI Embedded relate to the Power BI service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-120">How does Power BI Embedded relate to the Power BI service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-121">The Power BI Embedded and the Power BI service are separate offerings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-121">The Power BI Embedded and the Power BI service are separate offerings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-122">Power BI Embedded features a consumption-based billing model, is deployed through the Azure portal and is designed to enable ISVs to embed data visualizations in applications for their customers to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-122">Power BI Embedded features a consumption-based billing model, is deployed through the Azure portal and is designed to enable ISVs to embed data visualizations in applications for their customers to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-123">The Power BI service is billed and deployed through the O365 portal and is a standalone general purpose BI offering primarily targeted at enterprise internal use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-123">The Power BI service is billed and deployed through the O365 portal and is a standalone general purpose BI offering primarily targeted at enterprise internal use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-124">To learn more about the Power BI service, see [www.powerbi.com](https://powerbi.microsoft.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-124">To learn more about the Power BI service, see [www.powerbi.com](https://powerbi.microsoft.com).</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-power-bi-embedded-improve-my-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-125">How does Power BI Embedded improve my app?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-125">How does Power BI Embedded improve my app?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-126">Applications are significantly more powerful when you can leverage stunning, interactive data visualizations to inform user decisions directly in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-126">Applications are significantly more powerful when you can leverage stunning, interactive data visualizations to inform user decisions directly in your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-127">Power BI Embedded lets you enhance your app with interactive, always up-to-date, rich data visualizations so that you can increase the utility of your app, user satisfaction and loyalty, and deliver contextual analytics with ease on any device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-127">Power BI Embedded lets you enhance your app with interactive, always up-to-date, rich data visualizations so that you can increase the utility of your app, user satisfaction and loyalty, and deliver contextual analytics with ease on any device.</span></span>

## <a name="are-there-any-rules-or-restrictions-about-how-i-can-use-power-bi-embedded-in-my-app"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-128">Are there any rules or restrictions about how I can use Power BI Embedded in my app?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-128">Are there any rules or restrictions about how I can use Power BI Embedded in my app?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-129">Power BI Embedded is intended for your applications that are provided for third party use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-129">Power BI Embedded is intended for your applications that are provided for third party use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-130">If you want to use the Power BI Embedded service to create an internal business application, each of your internal users will need a Power BI Pro USL, and your organization will be charged for their consumption of the Power BI Embedded service in addition to their Power BI Pro USL fees.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-130">If you want to use the Power BI Embedded service to create an internal business application, each of your internal users will need a Power BI Pro USL, and your organization will be charged for their consumption of the Power BI Embedded service in addition to their Power BI Pro USL fees.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-131">To avoid incurring both Power BI Pro USL fees and Power BI Embedded consumption costs for internal applications, the Power BI service offers its own content embedding capabilities outside of Power BI Embedded for no additional cost to Power BI USL holders (dev.powerbi.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-131">To avoid incurring both Power BI Pro USL fees and Power BI Embedded consumption costs for internal applications, the Power BI service offers its own content embedding capabilities outside of Power BI Embedded for no additional cost to Power BI USL holders (dev.powerbi.com).</span></span>

## <a name="can-power-bi-embedded-be-used-to-create-internal-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-132">Can Power BI Embedded be used to create internal applications?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-132">Can Power BI Embedded be used to create internal applications?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-133">No, Power BI Embedded is only intended for use by external users and should not be used within internal business applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-133">No, Power BI Embedded is only intended for use by external users and should not be used within internal business applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-134">In order to embed Power BI content for use in internal business applications, you should use the Power BI service, and all users consuming that content must have a valid Power BI Free or Power BI Pro user subscription license.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-134">In order to embed Power BI content for use in internal business applications, you should use the Power BI service, and all users consuming that content must have a valid Power BI Free or Power BI Pro user subscription license.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-135">More information on how to integrate internal applications with the Power BI service is available at  [https://dev.powerbi.com](https://dev.powerbi.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-135">More information on how to integrate internal applications with the Power BI service is available at  [https://dev.powerbi.com](https://dev.powerbi.com).</span></span>

## <a name="is-this-service-available-globally"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-136">Is this service available globally?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-136">Is this service available globally?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-137">The Power BI Embedded service is available in most data centers now.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-137">The Power BI Embedded service is available in most data centers now.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-138">You can always check the latest availability [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-138">You can always check the latest availability [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/).</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-the-available-sla-for-the-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-139">What is the available SLA for the service?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-139">What is the available SLA for the service?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-140">Power BI Embedded with Azure standard SLA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-140">Power BI Embedded with Azure standard SLA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-141">See [Service Level Agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-141">See [Service Level Agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) for more information.</span></span>

## <a name="how-is-this-service-priced"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-142">How is this service priced?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-142">How is this service priced?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-143">See [Power BI Embedded Pricing](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=760527) for pricing information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-143">See [Power BI Embedded Pricing](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=760527) for pricing information.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-a-report-session-and-how-is-it-billed"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-144">What is a report session and how is it billed?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-144">What is a report session and how is it billed?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-145">A session is a set of interactions between an end user and a Power BI Embedded report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-145">A session is a set of interactions between an end user and a Power BI Embedded report.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-146">Each time a Power BI Embedded report is displayed to a user, a session is initiated and the subscription holder will be charged for a session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-146">Each time a Power BI Embedded report is displayed to a user, a session is initiated and the subscription holder will be charged for a session.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-147">Sessions are billed at a flat rate, independent of the number of visual elements in a report or how frequently the report content is refreshed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-147">Sessions are billed at a flat rate, independent of the number of visual elements in a report or how frequently the report content is refreshed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-148">A session ends when either the user closes the report, or the session times out after one hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-148">A session ends when either the user closes the report, or the session times out after one hour.</span></span>

## <a name="do-you-offer-any-tools-or-guidance-to-help-me-estimate-how-many-renderssession-i-should-expect-how-will-i-know-how-many-renders-have-been-completed"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-149">Do you offer any tools or guidance to help me estimate how many renders/session I should expect?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-149">Do you offer any tools or guidance to help me estimate how many renders/session I should expect?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-150">How will I know how many renders have been completed?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-150">How will I know how many renders have been completed?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-151">The Azure Portal will provide billing details on how many renders / report sessions have been performed against your subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-151">The Azure Portal will provide billing details on how many renders / report sessions have been performed against your subscription.</span></span>

## <a name="do-i-need-a-power-bi-subscription-in-order-to-develop-applications-with-power-bi-embedded-how-do-i-get-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-152">Do I need a Power BI subscription in order to develop applications with Power BI Embedded?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-152">Do I need a Power BI subscription in order to develop applications with Power BI Embedded?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-153">How do I get started?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-153">How do I get started?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-154">As the application developer, you do not need to have a Power BI subscription in order to create the reports and visualizations you wish to use in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-154">As the application developer, you do not need to have a Power BI subscription in order to create the reports and visualizations you wish to use in your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-155">You will need a Microsoft Azure subscription and the free Power BI Desktop application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-155">You will need a Microsoft Azure subscription and the free Power BI Desktop application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-156">Please see our service documentation for details on how to use the Power BI Embedded service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-156">Please see our service documentation for details on how to use the Power BI Embedded service.</span></span>

## <a name="i-have-an-azure-subscription-can-i-use-power-bi-embedded-using-my-existing-subscription"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-157">I have an Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-157">I have an Azure subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-158">Can I use Power BI Embedded using my existing subscription?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-158">Can I use Power BI Embedded using my existing subscription?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-159">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-159">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-160">You can use your existing Azure subscription to provision and use the Microsoft Power BI Embedded service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-160">You can use your existing Azure subscription to provision and use the Microsoft Power BI Embedded service.</span></span>

## <a name="does-my-application-end-user-need-a-power-bi-license"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-161">Does my application end-user need a Power BI license?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-161">Does my application end-user need a Power BI license?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-162">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-162">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-163">Your application’s end-users are not required to buy or the Power BI subscription separately in order to access the in-app data visualizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-163">Your application’s end-users are not required to buy or the Power BI subscription separately in order to access the in-app data visualizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-164">In the power BI Embedded model you, as the application provider, will be billed for the service through the Azure consumption meter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-164">In the power BI Embedded model you, as the application provider, will be billed for the service through the Azure consumption meter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-165">Please refer to the [Pricing and licensing page](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=760527).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-165">Please refer to the [Pricing and licensing page](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=760527).</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-user-authentication-work-with-power-bi-embedded"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-166">How does user authentication work with Power BI Embedded?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-166">How does user authentication work with Power BI Embedded?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-167">The Power BI Embedded service uses App Tokens for authentication and authorization instead of explicit end-user authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-167">The Power BI Embedded service uses App Tokens for authentication and authorization instead of explicit end-user authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-168">In the App Token model, your application manages authentication and authorization for your end-users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-168">In the App Token model, your application manages authentication and authorization for your end-users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-169">Then, when necessary, your app creates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-169">Then, when necessary, your app creates</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-170">and sends the App Tokens which tells our service to render the requested report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-170">and sends the App Tokens which tells our service to render the requested report.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-171">This design does not require your app to use Azure AD for user authentication and authorization, although you can do this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-171">This design does not require your app to use Azure AD for user authentication and authorization, although you can do this.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-172">You can learn more about App Tokens [here](power-bi-embedded-app-token-flow.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-172">You can learn more about App Tokens [here](power-bi-embedded-app-token-flow.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-173">We also introduced row-level security feature (RLS) in Power BI Embedded for advanced security filtering scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-173">We also introduced row-level security feature (RLS) in Power BI Embedded for advanced security filtering scenarios.</span></span>

## <a name="what-data-sources-are-currently-supported-with-power-bi-embedded"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-174">What data sources are currently supported with Power BI Embedded?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-174">What data sources are currently supported with Power BI Embedded?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-175">We are going to support access to cloud data sources that use basic credentials via Direct Query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-175">We are going to support access to cloud data sources that use basic credentials via Direct Query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-176">This means that sources such as Azure SQL DB and Azure SQL DW are supported right now.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-176">This means that sources such as Azure SQL DB and Azure SQL DW are supported right now.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-177">We will add support for other data sources and access types in the coming months.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-177">We will add support for other data sources and access types in the coming months.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-178">For more information, see [Connect to a data source](power-bi-embedded-connect-datasource.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-178">For more information, see [Connect to a data source](power-bi-embedded-connect-datasource.md).</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-the-tenancy-model-work-for-power-bi-embedded"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-179">How does the tenancy model work for Power BI Embedded?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-179">How does the tenancy model work for Power BI Embedded?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-180">In the Power BI Embedded model, there is no explicit requirement to have your customers in Azure AD tenants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-180">In the Power BI Embedded model, there is no explicit requirement to have your customers in Azure AD tenants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-181">You can elect to require Azure AD for your customers, or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-181">You can elect to require Azure AD for your customers, or not.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-182">As a result, the architecture of your application and infrastructure is what will determine the tenancy model required for Power BI Embedded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-182">As a result, the architecture of your application and infrastructure is what will determine the tenancy model required for Power BI Embedded.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-183">Developers/employees working on or building your application will need to have an AAD user account when they are to manage your Azure Subscription and Workspace Collections via the Azure Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-183">Developers/employees working on or building your application will need to have an AAD user account when they are to manage your Azure Subscription and Workspace Collections via the Azure Portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-184">Programmatic APIs to enable developers to import reports, modify connection strings and get embed URLs leverage App Tokens for authentication instead, and as a result do not require an AAD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-184">Programmatic APIs to enable developers to import reports, modify connection strings and get embed URLs leverage App Tokens for authentication instead, and as a result do not require an AAD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-185">Details on how to use our APIs and Azure Portal can be found at [Power BI Embedded documentation ](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/power-bi-embedded/) on Azure.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-185">Details on how to use our APIs and Azure Portal can be found at [Power BI Embedded documentation ](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/services/power-bi-embedded/) on Azure.com.</span></span>

## <a name="where-can-i-learn-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-186">Where can I learn more?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-186">Where can I learn more?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-187">You can visit the [Power BI Embedded documentation page](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=760526).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-187">You can visit the [Power BI Embedded documentation page](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=760526).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-188">You can stay up-to-date about this service by visiting the [Power BI developer blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/powerbidev) or by visiting the Power BI developer center at dev.powerbi.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-188">You can stay up-to-date about this service by visiting the [Power BI developer blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/powerbidev) or by visiting the Power BI developer center at dev.powerbi.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-189">You can also ask questions at [Stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/powerbi).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-189">You can also ask questions at [Stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/powerbi).</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-i-get-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-190">How do I get started?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-190">How do I get started?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-191">You can get started for free now!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-191">You can get started for free now!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-192">If you have an Azure subscription, you can now provision Power BI Embedded from the Azure portal directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-192">If you have an Azure subscription, you can now provision Power BI Embedded from the Azure portal directly.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-193">You can also create you [free Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-193">You can also create you [free Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-194">Once you've provisioned the Power BI Embedded service, you can easily use Power BI REST APIs directly, or use the developer SDK available on [GitHub](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=746472).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-194">Once you've provisioned the Power BI Embedded service, you can easily use Power BI REST APIs directly, or use the developer SDK available on [GitHub](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=746472).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-195">Samples are provided on how to leverage the developer SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-195">Samples are provided on how to leverage the developer SDK.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-196">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-196">See also</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-197">[What is Microsoft Power BI Embedded](power-bi-embedded-what-is-power-bi-embedded.md)
[Get started with Microsoft Power BI Embedded](power-bi-embedded-get-started.md)
[Get started with sample](power-bi-embedded-get-started-sample.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-197">[What is Microsoft Power BI Embedded](power-bi-embedded-what-is-power-bi-embedded.md)
[Get started with Microsoft Power BI Embedded](power-bi-embedded-get-started.md)
[Get started with sample](power-bi-embedded-get-started-sample.md) </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-198">JavaScript Embed Sample</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-198">JavaScript Embed Sample</span></span>](https://microsoft.github.io/PowerBI-JavaScript/demo/)  
<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-199">More questions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-199">More questions?</span></span> [<span data-ttu-id="ea4a7-200">Try the Power BI Community</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ea4a7-200">Try the Power BI Community</span></span>](http://community.powerbi.com/)

