---
title: Azure Batch rendering overview
description: Introduction of using Azure for rendering and an overview of Azure Batch rendering capabilities
services: batch
author: mscurrell
ms.author: markscu
ms.date: 08/02/2018
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.openlocfilehash: 4101f6819dff81376dcab47adb57e4b8ef35e094
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44864807"
---
# <a name="rendering-using-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-103">Rendering using Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-103">Rendering using Azure</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-104">Rendering is the process of taking 3D models and converting them into 2D images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-104">Rendering is the process of taking 3D models and converting them into 2D images.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-105">3D scene files are authored in applications such as Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, and Blender.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-105">3D scene files are authored in applications such as Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, and Blender.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-106">Rendering applications such as Autodesk Maya, Autodesk Arnold, Chaos Group V-Ray, and Blender Cycles produce 2D images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-106">Rendering applications such as Autodesk Maya, Autodesk Arnold, Chaos Group V-Ray, and Blender Cycles produce 2D images.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-107">Sometimes single images are created from the scene files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-107">Sometimes single images are created from the scene files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-108">However, it's common to model and render multiple images, and then combine them in an animation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-108">However, it's common to model and render multiple images, and then combine them in an animation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-109">The rendering workload is heavily used for special effects (VFX) in the Media and Entertainment industry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-109">The rendering workload is heavily used for special effects (VFX) in the Media and Entertainment industry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-110">Rendering is also used in many other industires such as advertising, retail, oil and gas, and manufacturing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-110">Rendering is also used in many other industires such as advertising, retail, oil and gas, and manufacturing.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-111">The process of rendering is computationally intensive; there can be many frames/images to produce and each image can take many hours to render.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-111">The process of rendering is computationally intensive; there can be many frames/images to produce and each image can take many hours to render.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-112">Rendering is therefore a perfect batch processing workload that can leverage Azure and Azure Batch to run many renders in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-112">Rendering is therefore a perfect batch processing workload that can leverage Azure and Azure Batch to run many renders in parallel.</span></span>

## <a name="why-use-azure-for-rendering"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-113">Why use Azure for rendering?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-113">Why use Azure for rendering?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-114">For many reasons, rendering is a workload perfectly suited for Azure and Azure Batch:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-114">For many reasons, rendering is a workload perfectly suited for Azure and Azure Batch:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-115">Rendering jobs can be split into many pieces that can be run in parallel using multiple VMs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-115">Rendering jobs can be split into many pieces that can be run in parallel using multiple VMs:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-116">Animations consist of many frames and each frame can be rendered in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-116">Animations consist of many frames and each frame can be rendered in parallel.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-117">The more VMs available to process each frame, the faster all the frames and the animation can be produced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-117">The more VMs available to process each frame, the faster all the frames and the animation can be produced.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-118">Some rendering software allows single frames to be broken up into multiple pieces, such as tiles or slices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-118">Some rendering software allows single frames to be broken up into multiple pieces, such as tiles or slices.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-119">Each piece can be rendered separately, then combined into the final image when all pieces have finished.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-119">Each piece can be rendered separately, then combined into the final image when all pieces have finished.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-120">The more VMs that are available, the faster a frame can be rendered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-120">The more VMs that are available, the faster a frame can be rendered.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-121">Rendering projects can require huge scale:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-121">Rendering projects can require huge scale:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-122">Individual frames can be complex and require many hours to render, even on high-end hardware; animations can consist of hundreds of thousands of frames.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-122">Individual frames can be complex and require many hours to render, even on high-end hardware; animations can consist of hundreds of thousands of frames.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-123">A huge amount of compute is required to render high-quality animations in a reasonable amount of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-123">A huge amount of compute is required to render high-quality animations in a reasonable amount of time.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-124">In some cases, over 100,000 cores have been used to render thousands of frames in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-124">In some cases, over 100,000 cores have been used to render thousands of frames in parallel.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-125">Rendering projects are project-based and require varying amounts of compute:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-125">Rendering projects are project-based and require varying amounts of compute:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-126">Allocate compute and storage capacity when required, scale it up or down according to load during a project, and remove it when a project is finished.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-126">Allocate compute and storage capacity when required, scale it up or down according to load during a project, and remove it when a project is finished.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-127">Pay for capacity when allocated, but don’t pay for it when there is no load, such as between projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-127">Pay for capacity when allocated, but don’t pay for it when there is no load, such as between projects.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-128">Cater for bursts due to unexpected changes; scale higher if there are unexpected changes late in a project and those changes need to be processed on a tight schedule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-128">Cater for bursts due to unexpected changes; scale higher if there are unexpected changes late in a project and those changes need to be processed on a tight schedule.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-129">Choose from a wide selection of hardware according to application, workload, and timeframe:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-129">Choose from a wide selection of hardware according to application, workload, and timeframe:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-130">There’s a wide selection of hardware available in Azure that can be allocated and managed with Batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-130">There’s a wide selection of hardware available in Azure that can be allocated and managed with Batch.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-131">Depending on the project, the requirement may be for the best price/performance or the best overall performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-131">Depending on the project, the requirement may be for the best price/performance or the best overall performance.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-132">Different scenes and/or rendering applications will have different memory requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-132">Different scenes and/or rendering applications will have different memory requirements.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-133">Some rendering application can leverage GPUs for the best performance or certain features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-133">Some rendering application can leverage GPUs for the best performance or certain features.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-134">Low-priority VMs reduce costs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-134">Low-priority VMs reduce costs:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-135">Low-priority VMs are available for a large discount compared to regular on-demand VMs and are suitable for some job types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-135">Low-priority VMs are available for a large discount compared to regular on-demand VMs and are suitable for some job types.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-136">Low-priority VMs can be allocated by Azure Batch, with Batch providing flexibility on how they are used to cater for a broad set of requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-136">Low-priority VMs can be allocated by Azure Batch, with Batch providing flexibility on how they are used to cater for a broad set of requirements.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-137">Batch pools can consist of both dedicated and low-priority VMs, with it being possible to change the mix of VM types at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-137">Batch pools can consist of both dedicated and low-priority VMs, with it being possible to change the mix of VM types at any time.</span></span>

## <a name="options-for-rendering-on-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-138">Options for rendering on Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-138">Options for rendering on Azure</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-139">There are a range of Azure capabilities that can be used for rendering workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-139">There are a range of Azure capabilities that can be used for rendering workloads.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-140">Which capabilities to use depends on any existing environment and requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-140">Which capabilities to use depends on any existing environment and requirements.</span></span>

### <a name="existing-on-premises-rendering-environment-using-a-render-management-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-141">Existing on-premises rendering environment using a render management application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-141">Existing on-premises rendering environment using a render management application</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-142">The most common case is for there to be an existing on-premises render farm being managed by a render management application such as PipelineFX Qube, Royal Render, or Thinkbox Deadline.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-142">The most common case is for there to be an existing on-premises render farm being managed by a render management application such as PipelineFX Qube, Royal Render, or Thinkbox Deadline.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-143">The requirement is to extend the on-premises render farm capacity using Azure VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-143">The requirement is to extend the on-premises render farm capacity using Azure VMs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-144">The render management software either has Azure support built-in or we make available plug-ins that add Azure support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-144">The render management software either has Azure support built-in or we make available plug-ins that add Azure support.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-145">For more information on the supported render managers and functionality enabled, see the article on [using render managers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/batch-rendering-render-managers).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-145">For more information on the supported render managers and functionality enabled, see the article on [using render managers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/batch-rendering-render-managers).</span></span>

### <a name="custom-rendering-workflow"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-146">Custom rendering workflow</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-146">Custom rendering workflow</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-147">The requirement is for VMs to extend an existing render farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-147">The requirement is for VMs to extend an existing render farm.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-148">Azure Batch pools can allocate large numbers of VMs, allow low-priority VMs to be used and dynamically auto-scaled with full-priced VMs, and provide pay-for-use licensing for popular rendering applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-148">Azure Batch pools can allocate large numbers of VMs, allow low-priority VMs to be used and dynamically auto-scaled with full-priced VMs, and provide pay-for-use licensing for popular rendering applications.</span></span>

### <a name="no-existing-render-farm"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-149">No existing render farm</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-149">No existing render farm</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-150">Client workstations may be performing rendering, but the rendering workload is increasing and it is taking too long to solely use workstation capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-150">Client workstations may be performing rendering, but the rendering workload is increasing and it is taking too long to solely use workstation capacity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-151">Azure Batch can be used to both allocate render farm compute on-demand as well as schedule the render jobs to the Azure render farm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-151">Azure Batch can be used to both allocate render farm compute on-demand as well as schedule the render jobs to the Azure render farm.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-batch-rendering-capabilities"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-152">Azure Batch rendering capabilities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-152">Azure Batch rendering capabilities</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-153">Azure Batch allows parallel workloads to be run in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-153">Azure Batch allows parallel workloads to be run in Azure.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-154">It enables the creation and management of large numbers of VMs on which applications are installed and run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-154">It enables the creation and management of large numbers of VMs on which applications are installed and run.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-155">It also provides comprehensive job scheduling capabilities to run instances of those applications, providing the assignment of tasks to VMs, queuing, application monitoring, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-155">It also provides comprehensive job scheduling capabilities to run instances of those applications, providing the assignment of tasks to VMs, queuing, application monitoring, and so on.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-156">Azure Batch is used for many workloads, but the following capabilities are available to specifically make it easier and quicker to run rendering workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-156">Azure Batch is used for many workloads, but the following capabilities are available to specifically make it easier and quicker to run rendering workloads.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-157">VM images with pre-installed graphics and rendering applications:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-157">VM images with pre-installed graphics and rendering applications:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-158">Azure Marketplace VM images are available that contain popular graphics and rendering applications, avoiding the need to install the applications yourself or create your own custom images with the applications installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-158">Azure Marketplace VM images are available that contain popular graphics and rendering applications, avoiding the need to install the applications yourself or create your own custom images with the applications installed.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-159">Pay-per-use licensing for rendering applications:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-159">Pay-per-use licensing for rendering applications:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-160">You can choose to pay for the applications by the minute, in addition to paying for the compute VMs, which avoids having to buy licenses and potentially configure a license server for the applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-160">You can choose to pay for the applications by the minute, in addition to paying for the compute VMs, which avoids having to buy licenses and potentially configure a license server for the applications.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-161">Paying for use also means that it is possible to cater for varying and unexpected load as there is not a fixed number of licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-161">Paying for use also means that it is possible to cater for varying and unexpected load as there is not a fixed number of licenses.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-162">It is also possible to use the pre-installed applications with your own licenses and not use the pay-per-use licensing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-162">It is also possible to use the pre-installed applications with your own licenses and not use the pay-per-use licensing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-163">Plug-ins for client design and modeling applications:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-163">Plug-ins for client design and modeling applications:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-164">Plug-ins allow end-users to utilize Azure Batch directly from client application, such as Autodesk Maya, enabling them to create pools, submit jobs and make use of more compute capacity to perform faster renders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-164">Plug-ins allow end-users to utilize Azure Batch directly from client application, such as Autodesk Maya, enabling them to create pools, submit jobs and make use of more compute capacity to perform faster renders.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-165">Render manager integration:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-165">Render manager integration:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-166">Azure Batch is integrated into render management applications or plug-ins are available to provide the Azure Batch integration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-166">Azure Batch is integrated into render management applications or plug-ins are available to provide the Azure Batch integration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-167">There are several ways to use Azure Batch, all of which also apply to Azure Batch rendering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-167">There are several ways to use Azure Batch, all of which also apply to Azure Batch rendering.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-168">APIs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-168">APIs:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-169">Write code using the [REST](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice), [.NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/overview/azure/batch), [Python](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/batch), [Java](https://docs.microsoft.com/java/api/overview/azure/batch), or other supported APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-169">Write code using the [REST](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice), [.NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/overview/azure/batch), [Python](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/batch), [Java](https://docs.microsoft.com/java/api/overview/azure/batch), or other supported APIs.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-170">Developers can integrate Azure Batch capabilities into their existing applications or workflow, whether cloud or based on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-170">Developers can integrate Azure Batch capabilities into their existing applications or workflow, whether cloud or based on-premises.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-171">For example, the [Autodesk Maya plug-in](https://github.com/Azure/azure-batch-maya) utilizes the Batch Python API to invoke Batch, creating and managing pools, submitting jobs and tasks, and monitoring status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-171">For example, the [Autodesk Maya plug-in](https://github.com/Azure/azure-batch-maya) utilizes the Batch Python API to invoke Batch, creating and managing pools, submitting jobs and tasks, and monitoring status.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-172">Command-line tools:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-172">Command-line tools:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-173">The [Azure command line](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/) or [Azure PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/overview) can be used to script Batch use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-173">The [Azure command line](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/) or [Azure PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/overview) can be used to script Batch use.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-174">In particular, the Batch CLI template support makes it much easier to create pools and submit jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-174">In particular, the Batch CLI template support makes it much easier to create pools and submit jobs.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-175">UIs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-175">UIs:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-176">[Batch Explorer](https://github.com/Azure/BatchExplorer) is a cross-platform client tool that also allows Batch accounts to be managed and monitored, but provides some richer capabilities compared to the Azure portal UI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-176">[Batch Explorer](https://github.com/Azure/BatchExplorer) is a cross-platform client tool that also allows Batch accounts to be managed and monitored, but provides some richer capabilities compared to the Azure portal UI.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-177">A set of pool and job templates are provided that are tailored for each supported application and can be used to easily create pools and to submit jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-177">A set of pool and job templates are provided that are tailored for each supported application and can be used to easily create pools and to submit jobs.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-178">The Azure portal can be used to manage and monitor Azure Batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-178">The Azure portal can be used to manage and monitor Azure Batch.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-179">Client application plug-in’s:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-179">Client application plug-in’s:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-180">Plug-ins are available that allow Batch rendering to be used from directly within the client design and modeling applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-180">Plug-ins are available that allow Batch rendering to be used from directly within the client design and modeling applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-181">The plug-ins mainly invoke the Batch Explorer application with contextual information about the current 3D model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-181">The plug-ins mainly invoke the Batch Explorer application with contextual information about the current 3D model.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="e1e25-182">The following plug-ins are available:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-182">The following plug-ins are available:</span></span>
    * [<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-183">Azure Batch for Maya</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-183">Azure Batch for Maya</span></span>](https://github.com/Azure/azure-batch-maya)
    * [<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-184">3ds Max</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-184">3ds Max</span></span>](https://github.com/Azure/azure-batch-rendering/tree/master/plugins/3ds-max)
    * [<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-185">Blender</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-185">Blender</span></span>](https://github.com/Azure/azure-batch-rendering/tree/master/plugins/blender)

## <a name="getting-started-with-azure-batch-rendering"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-186">Getting started with Azure Batch rendering</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-186">Getting started with Azure Batch rendering</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-187">See the following introductory tutorials to try Azure Batch rendering:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-187">See the following introductory tutorials to try Azure Batch rendering:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-188">Use Batch Explorer to render a Blender scene</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-188">Use Batch Explorer to render a Blender scene</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/tutorial-rendering-batchexplorer-blender)
* [<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-189">Use the Batch CLI to render an Autodesk 3ds Max scene</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-189">Use the Batch CLI to render an Autodesk 3ds Max scene</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/tutorial-rendering-cli)

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="e1e25-190">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-190">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e1e25-191">Determine the list of rendering applications and versions included on the Azure Marketplace VM images in [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/batch-rendering-applications).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e1e25-191">Determine the list of rendering applications and versions included on the Azure Marketplace VM images in [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/batch-rendering-applications).</span></span>