---
title: Azure Batch storage and data movement for rendering
description: Storage and data movement options for rendering workloads
services: batch
author: mscurrell
ms.author: markscu
ms.date: 08/02/2018
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.openlocfilehash: d5b006fd744e463c73ee0a32388f254017e96354
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44871074"
---
# <a name="storage-and-data-movement-options-for-rendering-asset-and-output-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-103">Storage and data movement options for rendering asset and output files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-103">Storage and data movement options for rendering asset and output files</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-104">There are multiple options for making the scene and asset files available to the rendering applications on the pool VMs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-104">There are multiple options for making the scene and asset files available to the rendering applications on the pool VMs:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-105">[Azure blob storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blobs-introduction):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-105">[Azure blob storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blobs-introduction):</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-106">Scene and asset files are uploaded to blob storage from a local file system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-106">Scene and asset files are uploaded to blob storage from a local file system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9064b-107">When the application is run by a task, then the required files are copied from blob storage onto the VM so they can be accessed by the rendering application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-107">When the application is run by a task, then the required files are copied from blob storage onto the VM so they can be accessed by the rendering application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9064b-108">The output files are written by the rendering application to the VM disk and then copied to blob storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-108">The output files are written by the rendering application to the VM disk and then copied to blob storage.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-109">If necessary, the output files can be downloaded from blob storage to a local file system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-109">If necessary, the output files can be downloaded from blob storage to a local file system.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-110">Azure blob storage is a simple and cost-effective option for smaller projects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-110">Azure blob storage is a simple and cost-effective option for smaller projects.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-111">As all asset files are required on each pool VM, then once the number and size of asset files increases care needs to be taken to ensure the file transfers are as efficient as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-111">As all asset files are required on each pool VM, then once the number and size of asset files increases care needs to be taken to ensure the file transfers are as efficient as possible.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-112">Azure storage as a file system using [blobfuse](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-how-to-mount-container-linux):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-112">Azure storage as a file system using [blobfuse](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-how-to-mount-container-linux):</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-113">For Linux VMs, a storage account can be exposed and used as a file system when the blobfuse virtual file system driver is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-113">For Linux VMs, a storage account can be exposed and used as a file system when the blobfuse virtual file system driver is used.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-114">This option has the advantage that it is very cost-effective, as no VMs are required for the file system, plus blobfuse caching on the VMs avoids repeated downloads of the same files for multiple jobs and tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-114">This option has the advantage that it is very cost-effective, as no VMs are required for the file system, plus blobfuse caching on the VMs avoids repeated downloads of the same files for multiple jobs and tasks.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-115">Data movement is also simple as the files are simply blobs and standard APIs and tools, such as azcopy, can be used to copy file between an on-premises file system and Azure storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-115">Data movement is also simple as the files are simply blobs and standard APIs and tools, such as azcopy, can be used to copy file between an on-premises file system and Azure storage.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-116">File system or file share:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-116">File system or file share:</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-117">Depending on VM operating system and performance/scale requirements, then options include [Azure Files](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-files-introduction), using a VM with attached disks for NFS, using multiple VMs with attached disks for a distributed file system like GlusterFS, or using a third-party offering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-117">Depending on VM operating system and performance/scale requirements, then options include [Azure Files](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-files-introduction), using a VM with attached disks for NFS, using multiple VMs with attached disks for a distributed file system like GlusterFS, or using a third-party offering.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-118">[Avere Systems](http://www.averesystems.com/) is now part of Microsoft and will have solutions in the near future that are ideal for large-scale, high-performance rendering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-118">[Avere Systems](http://www.averesystems.com/) is now part of Microsoft and will have solutions in the near future that are ideal for large-scale, high-performance rendering.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-119">The Avere solution will enable an Azure-based NFS or SMB cache to be created that works in conjunction with blob storage or with on-premises NAS devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-119">The Avere solution will enable an Azure-based NFS or SMB cache to be created that works in conjunction with blob storage or with on-premises NAS devices.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-120">With a file system, files can be read or written directly to the file system or can be copied between file system and the pool VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-120">With a file system, files can be read or written directly to the file system or can be copied between file system and the pool VMs.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="9064b-121">A shared file system allows a large number of assets shared between projects and jobs to be utilized, with rendering tasks only accessing what is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-121">A shared file system allows a large number of assets shared between projects and jobs to be utilized, with rendering tasks only accessing what is required.</span></span>

## <a name="using-azure-blob-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-122">Using Azure blob storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-122">Using Azure blob storage</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-123">A blob storage account or a general-purpose v2 storage account should be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-123">A blob storage account or a general-purpose v2 storage account should be used.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-124">These two storage account types can be configured with significantly higher limits compared to a general-purpose v1 storage account, as detailed in [this blog post](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/announcing-larger-higher-scale-storage-accounts/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-124">These two storage account types can be configured with significantly higher limits compared to a general-purpose v1 storage account, as detailed in [this blog post](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/announcing-larger-higher-scale-storage-accounts/).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-125">When configured, the higher limits will enable much better performance and scalability, especially when there are many pool VMs accessing the storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-125">When configured, the higher limits will enable much better performance and scalability, especially when there are many pool VMs accessing the storage account.</span></span>

### <a name="copying-files-between-client-and-blob-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-126">Copying files between client and blob storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-126">Copying files between client and blob storage</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-127">To copy files to and from Azure storage, various mechanisms can be used including the storage blob API, the [Azure Storage Data Movement Library](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net-data-movement), the azcopy command line tool for [Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy) or [Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-linux), [Azure Storage Explorer](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/storage-explorer/), and [Azure Batch Explorer](https://azure.github.io/BatchExplorer/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-127">To copy files to and from Azure storage, various mechanisms can be used including the storage blob API, the [Azure Storage Data Movement Library](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net-data-movement), the azcopy command line tool for [Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy) or [Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-linux), [Azure Storage Explorer](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/storage-explorer/), and [Azure Batch Explorer](https://azure.github.io/BatchExplorer/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-128">For example, using azcopy, all assets in a folder can be transferred as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-128">For example, using azcopy, all assets in a folder can be transferred as follows:</span></span>


`azcopy /source:. /dest:https://account.blob.core.windows.net/rendering/project /destsas:"?st=2018-03-30T16%3A26%3A00Z&se=2020-03-31T16%3A26%3A00Z&sp=rwdl&sv=2017-04-17&sr=c&sig=sig" /Y`

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-129">To copy only modified files, the /XO parameter can be used:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-129">To copy only modified files, the /XO parameter can be used:</span></span>

`azcopy /source:. /dest:https://account.blob.core.windows.net/rendering/project /destsas:"?st=2018-03-30T16%3A26%3A00Z&se=2020-03-31T16%3A26%3A00Z&sp=rwdl&sv=2017-04-17&sr=c&sig=sig" /XO /Y`

### <a name="copying-input-asset-files-from-blob-storage-to-batch-pool-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-130">Copying input asset files from blob storage to Batch pool VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-130">Copying input asset files from blob storage to Batch pool VMs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-131">There are a couple of different approaches to copy files with the best approach determined by the size of the job assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-131">There are a couple of different approaches to copy files with the best approach determined by the size of the job assets.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="9064b-132">The simplest approach is to copy all the asset files to the pool VMs for each job:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-132">The simplest approach is to copy all the asset files to the pool VMs for each job:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-133">When there are files unique to a job, but are required for all the tasks of a job, then a [job preparation task](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/job/add#jobpreparationtask) can be specified to copy all the files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-133">When there are files unique to a job, but are required for all the tasks of a job, then a [job preparation task](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/job/add#jobpreparationtask) can be specified to copy all the files.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-134">The job preparation task is run once when the first job task is executed on a VM but is not run again for subsequent job tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-134">The job preparation task is run once when the first job task is executed on a VM but is not run again for subsequent job tasks.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-135">A [job release task](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/job/add#jobreleasetask) should be specified to remove the per-job files once the job has completed; this will avoid the VM disk getting filled by all the job asset files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-135">A [job release task](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/job/add#jobreleasetask) should be specified to remove the per-job files once the job has completed; this will avoid the VM disk getting filled by all the job asset files.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-136">When there are multiple jobs using the same assets, with only incremental changes to the assets for each job, then all asset files are still copied, even if only a subset were updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-136">When there are multiple jobs using the same assets, with only incremental changes to the assets for each job, then all asset files are still copied, even if only a subset were updated.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-137">This would be inefficient when there are lots of large asset files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-137">This would be inefficient when there are lots of large asset files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-138">When asset files are reused between jobs, with only incremental changes between jobs, then a more efficient but slightly more involved approach is to store assets in the shared folder on the VM and sync changed files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-138">When asset files are reused between jobs, with only incremental changes between jobs, then a more efficient but slightly more involved approach is to store assets in the shared folder on the VM and sync changed files.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-139">The job preparation task would perform the copy using azcopy with the /XO parameter to the VM shared folder specified by AZ_BATCH_NODE_SHARED_DIR environment variable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-139">The job preparation task would perform the copy using azcopy with the /XO parameter to the VM shared folder specified by AZ_BATCH_NODE_SHARED_DIR environment variable.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-140">This will only copy changed files to each VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-140">This will only copy changed files to each VM.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="9064b-141">Thought will have to be given to the size of all assets to ensure they will fit on the temporary drive of the pool VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-141">Thought will have to be given to the size of all assets to ensure they will fit on the temporary drive of the pool VMs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-142">Azure Batch has built-in support to copy files between a storage account and Batch pool VMs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-142">Azure Batch has built-in support to copy files between a storage account and Batch pool VMs.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-143">Task [resource files](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/job/add#resourcefile) copy files from storage to pool VMs and could be specified for the job preparation task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-143">Task [resource files](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/job/add#resourcefile) copy files from storage to pool VMs and could be specified for the job preparation task.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-144">Unfortunately, when there are hundreds of files it is possible to hit a limit and tasks to fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-144">Unfortunately, when there are hundreds of files it is possible to hit a limit and tasks to fail.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-145">When there are large numbers of assets it is recommended to use the azcopy command line in the job preparation task, which can use wildcards and has no limit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-145">When there are large numbers of assets it is recommended to use the azcopy command line in the job preparation task, which can use wildcards and has no limit.</span></span>

### <a name="copying-output-files-to-blob-storage-from-batch-pool-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-146">Copying output files to blob storage from Batch pool VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-146">Copying output files to blob storage from Batch pool VMs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-147">[Output files](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/task/add#outputfile) can be used copy files from a pool VM to storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-147">[Output files](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/batchservice/task/add#outputfile) can be used copy files from a pool VM to storage.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-148">One or more files can be copied from the VM to a specified storage account once the task has completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-148">One or more files can be copied from the VM to a specified storage account once the task has completed.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-149">The rendered output should be copied, but it also may be desirable to store log files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-149">The rendered output should be copied, but it also may be desirable to store log files.</span></span>

## <a name="using-a-blobfuse-virtual-file-system-for-linux-vm-pools"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-150">Using a blobfuse virtual file system for Linux VM pools</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-150">Using a blobfuse virtual file system for Linux VM pools</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-151">Blobfuse is a virtual file system driver for Azure Blob Storage, which allows you to access files stored as blobs in a Storage account through the Linux file system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-151">Blobfuse is a virtual file system driver for Azure Blob Storage, which allows you to access files stored as blobs in a Storage account through the Linux file system.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-152">Pool nodes can mount the file system when started or the mount can happen as part of a job preparation task – a task that is only run when the first task in a job runs on a node.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-152">Pool nodes can mount the file system when started or the mount can happen as part of a job preparation task – a task that is only run when the first task in a job runs on a node.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-153">Blobfuse can be configured to leverage both a ramdisk and the VMs local SSD for caching of files, which will increase performance significantly if multiple tasks on a node access some of the same files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-153">Blobfuse can be configured to leverage both a ramdisk and the VMs local SSD for caching of files, which will increase performance significantly if multiple tasks on a node access some of the same files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-154">[Sample templates are available](https://github.com/Azure/BatchExplorer-data/tree/master/ncj/vray/render-linux-with-blobfuse-mount) to run standalone V-Ray renders using a blobfuse file system and can be used as the basis for templates for other applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-154">[Sample templates are available](https://github.com/Azure/BatchExplorer-data/tree/master/ncj/vray/render-linux-with-blobfuse-mount) to run standalone V-Ray renders using a blobfuse file system and can be used as the basis for templates for other applications.</span></span>

### <a name="accessing-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-155">Accessing files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-155">Accessing files</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-156">Job tasks specify paths for input files and output files using the mounted file system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-156">Job tasks specify paths for input files and output files using the mounted file system.</span></span>

### <a name="copying-input-asset-files-from-blob-storage-to-batch-pool-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-157">Copying input asset files from blob storage to Batch pool VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-157">Copying input asset files from blob storage to Batch pool VMs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-158">As files are simply blobs in Azure Storage, then standard blob APIs, tools, and UIs can be used to copy files between an on-premises file system and blob storage; for example, azcopy, Storage Explorer, Batch Explorer, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-158">As files are simply blobs in Azure Storage, then standard blob APIs, tools, and UIs can be used to copy files between an on-premises file system and blob storage; for example, azcopy, Storage Explorer, Batch Explorer, etc.</span></span>

## <a name="using-azure-files-with-windows-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-159">Using Azure Files with Windows VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-159">Using Azure Files with Windows VMs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-160">[Azure Files](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-files-introduction) offers fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible via the SMB protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-160">[Azure Files](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-files-introduction) offers fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible via the SMB protocol.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-161">Azure Files is based on Azure blob storage; it is [cost-efficient](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/files/) and can be configured with data replication to another region so globally redundant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-161">Azure Files is based on Azure blob storage; it is [cost-efficient](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/files/) and can be configured with data replication to another region so globally redundant.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-162">[Scale targets](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-files-scale-targets#azure-files-scale-targets) should be reviewed to determine if Azure Files should be used given the forecast pool size and number of asset files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-162">[Scale targets](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-files-scale-targets#azure-files-scale-targets) should be reviewed to determine if Azure Files should be used given the forecast pool size and number of asset files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-163">There is a [blog post](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsazurestorage/2014/05/26/persisting-connections-to-microsoft-azure-files/) and [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-how-to-use-files-windows) covering how to mount an Azure File share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-163">There is a [blog post](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsazurestorage/2014/05/26/persisting-connections-to-microsoft-azure-files/) and [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-how-to-use-files-windows) covering how to mount an Azure File share.</span></span>

### <a name="mounting-an-azure-files-share"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-164">Mounting an Azure Files share</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-164">Mounting an Azure Files share</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-165">To use in Batch, a mount operation needs to be performed each time a task in run as it is not possible to persist the connection between tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-165">To use in Batch, a mount operation needs to be performed each time a task in run as it is not possible to persist the connection between tasks.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9064b-166">The easiest way to do this is to use cmdkey to persist credentials using the start task in the pool configuration, then mount the share before each task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-166">The easiest way to do this is to use cmdkey to persist credentials using the start task in the pool configuration, then mount the share before each task.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-167">Example use of cmdkey in a pool template (escaped for use in JSON file) – note that when separating the cmdkey call from the net use call, the user context for the start task must be the same as that used for running the tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-167">Example use of cmdkey in a pool template (escaped for use in JSON file) – note that when separating the cmdkey call from the net use call, the user context for the start task must be the same as that used for running the tasks:</span></span>

```
"startTask": {
  "commandLine": "cmdkey /add:storageaccountname.file.core.windows.net
    /user:AZURE\\markscuscusbatch /pass:storage_account_key",
  "userIdentity":{
    "autoUser": {
      "elevationLevel": "nonadmin",
      "scope": "pool"
    }
}
```

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-168">Example job task command line:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-168">Example job task command line:</span></span>
```
"commandLine":"net use S:
  \\\\storageaccountname.file.core.windows.net\\rendering &
3dsmaxcmdio.exe -v:5 -rfw:0 -10 -end:10
  -bitmapPath:\"s:\\3dsMax\\Dragon\\Assets\"
  -outputName:\"s:\\3dsMax\\Dragon\\RenderOutput\\dragon.jpg\"
  -w:1280 -h:720
  \"s:\\3dsMax\\Dragon\\Assets\\Dragon_Character_Rig.max\""
```

### <a name="accessing-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-169">Accessing files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-169">Accessing files</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-170">Job tasks specify paths for input files and output files using the mounted file system, either using a mapped drive or a UNC path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-170">Job tasks specify paths for input files and output files using the mounted file system, either using a mapped drive or a UNC path.</span></span>

### <a name="copying-input-asset-files-from-blob-storage-to-batch-pool-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-171">Copying input asset files from blob storage to Batch pool VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-171">Copying input asset files from blob storage to Batch pool VMs</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-172">Azure Files are supported by all the main APIs and tools that have Azure Storage support; e.g. azcopy, Azure CLI, Storage Explorer, Azure PowerShell, Batch Explorer, etc.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-172">Azure Files are supported by all the main APIs and tools that have Azure Storage support; e.g. azcopy, Azure CLI, Storage Explorer, Azure PowerShell, Batch Explorer, etc.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-173">[Azure File Sync](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-sync-files-planning) is available to automatically synchronize files between an on-premises file system and an Azure File share.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-173">[Azure File Sync](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-sync-files-planning) is available to automatically synchronize files between an on-premises file system and an Azure File share.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="9064b-174">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-174">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9064b-175">For more information about the storage options see the in-depth documentation:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-175">For more information about the storage options see the in-depth documentation:</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="9064b-176">Azure blob storage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-176">Azure blob storage</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blobs-introduction)
* [<span data-ttu-id="9064b-177">Blobfuse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-177">Blobfuse</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-how-to-mount-container-linux)
* [<span data-ttu-id="9064b-178">Azure Files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9064b-178">Azure Files</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-files-introduction)
