---
title: Manage endpoints in Azure Traffic Manager | Microsoft Docs
description: This article will help you add, remove, enable and disable endpoints from Azure Traffic Manager.
services: traffic-manager
documentationcenter: ''
author: kumudd
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: ade2bbc2-35a7-43c5-8001-4698f7254526
ms.service: traffic-manager
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 10/11/2016
ms.author: kumud
ms.openlocfilehash: 52f6d4f3e68e5eb120ee499827cc8549b8e547fd
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44564309"
---
# <a name="add-disable-enable-or-delete-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-103">Add, disable, enable, or delete endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-103">Add, disable, enable, or delete endpoints</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-104">The Web Apps feature in Azure App Service already provides failover and round-robin traffic routing functionality for websites within a datacenter, regardless of the website mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-104">The Web Apps feature in Azure App Service already provides failover and round-robin traffic routing functionality for websites within a datacenter, regardless of the website mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-105">Azure Traffic Manager allows you to specify failover and round-robin traffic routing for websites and cloud services in different datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-105">Azure Traffic Manager allows you to specify failover and round-robin traffic routing for websites and cloud services in different datacenters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-106">The first step necessary to provide that functionality is to add the cloud service or website endpoint to Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-106">The first step necessary to provide that functionality is to add the cloud service or website endpoint to Traffic Manager.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-107">This article explains how to use the classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-107">This article explains how to use the classic portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-108">The Azure classic portal only supports the creation and assignment of cloud services and Web apps as endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-108">The Azure classic portal only supports the creation and assignment of cloud services and Web apps as endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-109">The new [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) is the preferred interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-109">The new [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) is the preferred interface.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-110">You can also disable individual endpoints that are part of a Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-110">You can also disable individual endpoints that are part of a Traffic Manager profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-111">Disabling an endpoint leaves it as part of the profile, but the profile acts as if the endpoint is not included in it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-111">Disabling an endpoint leaves it as part of the profile, but the profile acts as if the endpoint is not included in it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-112">This action is useful for temporarily removing an endpoint that is in maintenance mode or being redeployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-112">This action is useful for temporarily removing an endpoint that is in maintenance mode or being redeployed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-113">Once the endpoint is up and running again, it can be enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-113">Once the endpoint is up and running again, it can be enabled.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-114">Disabling an endpoint has nothing to do with its deployment state in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-114">Disabling an endpoint has nothing to do with its deployment state in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-115">A healthy endpoint remains up and able to receive traffic even when disabled in Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-115">A healthy endpoint remains up and able to receive traffic even when disabled in Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-116">Additionally, disabling an endpoint in one profile does not affect its status in another profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-116">Additionally, disabling an endpoint in one profile does not affect its status in another profile.</span></span>

## <a name="to-add-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-117">To add a cloud service or website endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-117">To add a cloud service or website endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-118">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-118">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-119">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-119">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-120">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-120">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-121">At the bottom of the page, click **Add** to access the **Add Service Endpoints** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-121">At the bottom of the page, click **Add** to access the **Add Service Endpoints** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-122">By default, the page lists the cloud services under **Service Endpoints**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-122">By default, the page lists the cloud services under **Service Endpoints**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-123">For cloud services, select the cloud services in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-123">For cloud services, select the cloud services in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-124">Clearing the cloud service name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-124">Clearing the cloud service name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-125">For websites, click the **Service Type** drop-down list, and then select **Web app**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-125">For websites, click the **Service Type** drop-down list, and then select **Web app**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-126">Select the websites in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-126">Select the websites in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-127">Clearing the website name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-127">Clearing the website name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-128">You can select only one website per Azure datacenter (also known as a region).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-128">You can select only one website per Azure datacenter (also known as a region).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-129">When you select the first website, the other websites in the same datacenter become unavailable for selection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-129">When you select the first website, the other websites in the same datacenter become unavailable for selection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-130">Also note that only Standard websites are listed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-130">Also note that only Standard websites are listed.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-131">After you select the endpoints for this profile, click the checkmark on the lower right to save your changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-131">After you select the endpoints for this profile, click the checkmark on the lower right to save your changes.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-132">After you add or remove an endpoint from a profile using the *Failover* traffic routing method, the failover priority list may not be ordered they way you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-132">After you add or remove an endpoint from a profile using the *Failover* traffic routing method, the failover priority list may not be ordered they way you want.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-133">You can adjust the order of the Failover Priority List on the Configuration page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-133">You can adjust the order of the Failover Priority List on the Configuration page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-134">For more information, see [Configure Failover traffic routing](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-134">For more information, see [Configure Failover traffic routing](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-disable-an-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-135">To disable an endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-135">To disable an endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-136">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-136">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-137">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-137">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-138">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-138">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-139">Click the endpoint that you want to disable, and then click **Disable** at the bottom of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-139">Click the endpoint that you want to disable, and then click **Disable** at the bottom of the page.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-140">Clients continue to send traffic to the endpoint for the duration of Time-to-Live (TTL).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-140">Clients continue to send traffic to the endpoint for the duration of Time-to-Live (TTL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-141">You can change the TTL on the Configuration page of the Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-141">You can change the TTL on the Configuration page of the Traffic Manager profile.</span></span>

## <a name="to-enable-an-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-142">To enable an endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-142">To enable an endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-143">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-143">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-144">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-144">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-145">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-145">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-146">Click the endpoint that you want to enable, and then click **Enable** at the bottom of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-146">Click the endpoint that you want to enable, and then click **Enable** at the bottom of the page.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-147">Clients are directed to the enabled endpoint as dictated by the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-147">Clients are directed to the enabled endpoint as dictated by the profile.</span></span>

## <a name="to-delete-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-148">To delete a cloud service or website endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-148">To delete a cloud service or website endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-149">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-149">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-150">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-150">To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-151">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-151">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-152">On the Endpoints page, click the name of the endpoint that you want to delete from the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-152">On the Endpoints page, click the name of the endpoint that you want to delete from the profile.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-153">At the bottom of the page, click **Delete**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-153">At the bottom of the page, click **Delete**.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-154">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-154">Next steps</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-155">Manage Traffic Manager profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-155">Manage Traffic Manager profiles</span></span>](traffic-manager-manage-profiles.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-156">Configure routing methods</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-156">Configure routing methods</span></span>](traffic-manager-configure-routing-method.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-157">Troubleshooting Traffic Manager degraded state</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-157">Troubleshooting Traffic Manager degraded state</span></span>](traffic-manager-troubleshooting-degraded.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-158">Traffic Manager performance considerations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-158">Traffic Manager performance considerations</span></span>](traffic-manager-performance-considerations.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="1bc4d-159">Operations on Traffic Manager (REST API Reference)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bc4d-159">Operations on Traffic Manager (REST API Reference)</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=313584)

