---
title: Manage endpoints in Azure Traffic Manager | Microsoft Docs
description: This article will help you add, remove, enable and disable endpoints from Azure Traffic Manager.
services: traffic-manager
documentationcenter: ''
author: kumudd
manager: timlt
editor: tysonn
ms.assetid: 038270d1-28ba-4078-9c5d-37fc5d683be6
ms.service: traffic-manager
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 03/17/2016
ms.author: kumud
ms.openlocfilehash: 22729a7164b8998e92147e418ce96ff9b09896b9
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44672027"
---
# <a name="add-disable-enable-or-delete-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="44f6b-103">Add, disable, enable or delete endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-103">Add, disable, enable or delete endpoints</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44f6b-104">The Web Apps feature in Azure App Service already provides failover and round-robin traffic routing functionality for websites within a datacenter, regardless of the website mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-104">The Web Apps feature in Azure App Service already provides failover and round-robin traffic routing functionality for websites within a datacenter, regardless of the website mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-105">Azure Traffic Manager allows you to specify failover and round-robin traffic routing for websites and cloud services in different datacenters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-105">Azure Traffic Manager allows you to specify failover and round-robin traffic routing for websites and cloud services in different datacenters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-106">The first step necessary to provide that functionality is to add the cloud service or website endpoint to Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-106">The first step necessary to provide that functionality is to add the cloud service or website endpoint to Traffic Manager.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-107">You cannot add external locations or Traffic Manager profiles as endpoints using the Azure classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-107">You cannot add external locations or Traffic Manager profiles as endpoints using the Azure classic portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-108">You must use the REST API [Create Definition](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=400772) or Windows PowerShell [Add-AzureTrafficManagerEndpoint](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=400774).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-108">You must use the REST API [Create Definition](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=400772) or Windows PowerShell [Add-AzureTrafficManagerEndpoint](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=400774).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44f6b-109">You can also disable individual endpoints that are part of a Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-109">You can also disable individual endpoints that are part of a Traffic Manager profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-110">Endpoints include both cloud services and websites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-110">Endpoints include both cloud services and websites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-111">Disabling an endpoint leaves it as part of the profile, but the profile acts as if the endpoint is not included in it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-111">Disabling an endpoint leaves it as part of the profile, but the profile acts as if the endpoint is not included in it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-112">This action is very useful for temporarily removing an endpoint that is in maintenance mode or being redeployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-112">This action is very useful for temporarily removing an endpoint that is in maintenance mode or being redeployed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-113">Once the endpoint is up and running again, it can be enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-113">Once the endpoint is up and running again, it can be enabled.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-114">Disabling an endpoint has nothing to do with its deployment state in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-114">Disabling an endpoint has nothing to do with its deployment state in Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-115">A healthy endpoint will remain up and able to receive traffic even when disabled in Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-115">A healthy endpoint will remain up and able to receive traffic even when disabled in Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-116">Additionally, disabling an endpoint in one profile does not affect its status in another profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-116">Additionally, disabling an endpoint in one profile does not affect its status in another profile.</span></span>

## <a name="to-add-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="44f6b-117">To add a cloud service or website endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-117">To add a cloud service or website endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-118">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-118">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-119">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-119">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-120">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-120">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-121">At the bottom of the page, click **Add** to access the **Add Service Endpoints** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-121">At the bottom of the page, click **Add** to access the **Add Service Endpoints** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-122">By default, the page lists the cloud services under **Service Endpoints**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-122">By default, the page lists the cloud services under **Service Endpoints**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-123">For cloud services, select the cloud services in the list to enable them as endpoints for this profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-123">For cloud services, select the cloud services in the list to enable them as endpoints for this profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-124">Clearing the cloud service name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-124">Clearing the cloud service name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-125">For websites, click the **Service Type** drop-down list, and then select **Web app**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-125">For websites, click the **Service Type** drop-down list, and then select **Web app**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-126">Select the websites in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-126">Select the websites in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-127">Clearing the website name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-127">Clearing the website name removes it from the list of endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-128">Note that you can only select a single website per Azure datacenter (also known as a region).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-128">Note that you can only select a single website per Azure datacenter (also known as a region).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-129">If you select a website in a datacenter that hosts multiple websites, when you select the first website, the others in the same datacenter become unavailable for selection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-129">If you select a website in a datacenter that hosts multiple websites, when you select the first website, the others in the same datacenter become unavailable for selection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-130">Also note that only Standard websites are listed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-130">Also note that only Standard websites are listed.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-131">After you select the endpoints for this profile, click the checkmark on the lower right to save your changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-131">After you select the endpoints for this profile, click the checkmark on the lower right to save your changes.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-132">If you are using the *Failover* traffic routing method, after you add or remove an endpoint, be sure to adjust the Failover Priority List on the Configuration page to reflect the failover order you want for your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-132">If you are using the *Failover* traffic routing method, after you add or remove an endpoint, be sure to adjust the Failover Priority List on the Configuration page to reflect the failover order you want for your configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-133">For more information, see [Configure Failover traffic routing](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-133">For more information, see [Configure Failover traffic routing](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-disable-an-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="44f6b-134">To disable an endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-134">To disable an endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-135">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-135">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-136">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-136">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-137">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-137">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-138">Click the endpoint that you want to disable, and then click **Disable** at the bottom of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-138">Click the endpoint that you want to disable, and then click **Disable** at the bottom of the page.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-139">Traffic will stop flowing to the endpoint based on the DNS Time-to-Live (TTL) configured for the Traffic Manager domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-139">Traffic will stop flowing to the endpoint based on the DNS Time-to-Live (TTL) configured for the Traffic Manager domain name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-140">You can change the TTL from the Configuration page of the Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-140">You can change the TTL from the Configuration page of the Traffic Manager profile.</span></span>

## <a name="to-enable-an-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="44f6b-141">To enable an endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-141">To enable an endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-142">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-142">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-143">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-143">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-144">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-144">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-145">Click the endpoint that you want to enable, and then click **Enable** at the bottom of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-145">Click the endpoint that you want to enable, and then click **Enable** at the bottom of the page.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-146">Traffic will start flowing to the service again as dictated by the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-146">Traffic will start flowing to the service again as dictated by the profile.</span></span>

## <a name="to-delete-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="44f6b-147">To delete a cloud service or website endpoint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-147">To delete a cloud service or website endpoint</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-148">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-148">On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify, and then click the arrow to the right of the profile name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-149">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-149">This will open the settings page for the profile.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-150">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-150">At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-151">On the Endpoints page, click the name of the endpoint that you want to delete from the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-151">On the Endpoints page, click the name of the endpoint that you want to delete from the profile.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-152">At the bottom of the page, click **Delete**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-152">At the bottom of the page, click **Delete**.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-153">You cannot delete external locations or Traffic Manager profiles as endpoints using the Azure classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-153">You cannot delete external locations or Traffic Manager profiles as endpoints using the Azure classic portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-154">You must use Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-154">You must use Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44f6b-155">For more information, see [Remove-AzureTrafficManagerEndpoint](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn690251.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-155">For more information, see [Remove-AzureTrafficManagerEndpoint](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn690251.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="44f6b-156">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-156">Next steps</span></span>

* [<span data-ttu-id="44f6b-157">Configure failover routing method</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-157">Configure failover routing method</span></span>](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="44f6b-158">Configure round robin routing method</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-158">Configure round robin routing method</span></span>](traffic-manager-configure-round-robin-routing-method.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="44f6b-159">Configure performance routing method</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-159">Configure performance routing method</span></span>](traffic-manager-configure-performance-routing-method.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="44f6b-160">Troubleshooting Traffic Manager degraded state</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-160">Troubleshooting Traffic Manager degraded state</span></span>](traffic-manager-troubleshooting-degraded.md)
* [<span data-ttu-id="44f6b-161">Operations on Traffic Manager (REST API Reference)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44f6b-161">Operations on Traffic Manager (REST API Reference)</span></span>](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=313584)

