---
title: Azure Traffic Manager - FAQs | Microsoft Docs
description: This article provides answers to frequently asked questions about Traffic Manager
services: traffic-manager
documentationcenter: ''
author: kumudd
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 75d5ff9a-f4b9-4b05-af32-700e7bdfea5a
ms.service: traffic-manager
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 03/15/2017
ms.author: kumud
ms.openlocfilehash: 8c4c8db3cf57537dd77d33b3ded2dc24167f511f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554720"
---
# <a name="traffic-manager-frequently-asked-questions-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-103">Traffic Manager Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-103">Traffic Manager Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)</span></span>

## <a name="traffic-manager-basics"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-104">Traffic Manager basics</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-104">Traffic Manager basics</span></span>

### <a name="what-ip-address-does-traffic-manager-use"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-105">What IP address does Traffic Manager use?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-105">What IP address does Traffic Manager use?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-106">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-106">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-107">It sends DNS responses to direct clients to the appropriate service endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-107">It sends DNS responses to direct clients to the appropriate service endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-108">Clients then connect to the service endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-108">Clients then connect to the service endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-109">Therefore, Traffic Manager does not provide an endpoint or IP address for clients to connect to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-109">Therefore, Traffic Manager does not provide an endpoint or IP address for clients to connect to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-110">Therefore, if you want static IP address for your service, that must be configured at the service, not in Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-110">Therefore, if you want static IP address for your service, that must be configured at the service, not in Traffic Manager.</span></span>

### <a name="does-traffic-manager-support-sticky-sessions"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-111">Does Traffic Manager support 'sticky' sessions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-111">Does Traffic Manager support 'sticky' sessions?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-112">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-112">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-113">It uses DNS responses to direct clients to the appropriate service endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-113">It uses DNS responses to direct clients to the appropriate service endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-114">Clients connect to the service endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-114">Clients connect to the service endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-115">Therefore, Traffic Manager does not see the HTTP traffic between the client and the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-115">Therefore, Traffic Manager does not see the HTTP traffic between the client and the server.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-116">Additionally, the source IP address of the DNS query received by Traffic Manager belongs to the recursive DNS service, not the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-116">Additionally, the source IP address of the DNS query received by Traffic Manager belongs to the recursive DNS service, not the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-117">Therefore, Traffic Manager has no way to track individual clients and cannot implement 'sticky' sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-117">Therefore, Traffic Manager has no way to track individual clients and cannot implement 'sticky' sessions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-118">This limitation is common to all DNS-based traffic management systems and is not specific to Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-118">This limitation is common to all DNS-based traffic management systems and is not specific to Traffic Manager.</span></span>

### <a name="why-am-i-seeing-an-http-error-when-using-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-119">Why am I seeing an HTTP error when using Traffic Manager?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-119">Why am I seeing an HTTP error when using Traffic Manager?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-120">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-120">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-121">It uses DNS responses to direct clients to the appropriate service endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-121">It uses DNS responses to direct clients to the appropriate service endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-122">Clients then connect to the service endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-122">Clients then connect to the service endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-123">Traffic Manager does not see HTTP traffic between client and server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-123">Traffic Manager does not see HTTP traffic between client and server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-124">Therefore, any HTTP error you see must be coming from your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-124">Therefore, any HTTP error you see must be coming from your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-125">For the client to connect to the application, all DNS resolution steps are complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-125">For the client to connect to the application, all DNS resolution steps are complete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-126">That includes any interaction that Traffic Manager has on the application traffic flow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-126">That includes any interaction that Traffic Manager has on the application traffic flow.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-127">Further investigation should therefore focus on the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-127">Further investigation should therefore focus on the application.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-128">The HTTP host header sent from the client's browser is the most common source of problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-128">The HTTP host header sent from the client's browser is the most common source of problems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-129">Make sure that the application is configured to accept the correct host header for the domain name you are using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-129">Make sure that the application is configured to accept the correct host header for the domain name you are using.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-130">For endpoints using the Azure App Service, see [configuring a custom domain name for a web app in Azure App Service using Traffic Manager](../app-service-web/web-sites-traffic-manager-custom-domain-name.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-130">For endpoints using the Azure App Service, see [configuring a custom domain name for a web app in Azure App Service using Traffic Manager](../app-service-web/web-sites-traffic-manager-custom-domain-name.md).</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-the-performance-impact-of-using-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-131">What is the performance impact of using Traffic Manager?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-131">What is the performance impact of using Traffic Manager?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-132">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-132">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-133">Since clients connect to your service endpoints directly, there is no performance impact incurred when using Traffic Manager once the connection is established.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-133">Since clients connect to your service endpoints directly, there is no performance impact incurred when using Traffic Manager once the connection is established.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-134">Since Traffic Manager integrates with applications at the DNS level, it does require an additional DNS lookup to be inserted into the DNS resolution chain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-134">Since Traffic Manager integrates with applications at the DNS level, it does require an additional DNS lookup to be inserted into the DNS resolution chain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-135">The impact of Traffic Manager on DNS resolution time is minimal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-135">The impact of Traffic Manager on DNS resolution time is minimal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-136">Traffic Manager uses a global network of name servers, and uses [anycast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anycast) networking to ensure DNS queries are always routed to the closest available name server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-136">Traffic Manager uses a global network of name servers, and uses [anycast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anycast) networking to ensure DNS queries are always routed to the closest available name server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-137">In addition, caching of DNS responses means that the additional DNS latency incurred by using Traffic Manager applies only to a fraction of sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-137">In addition, caching of DNS responses means that the additional DNS latency incurred by using Traffic Manager applies only to a fraction of sessions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-138">The Performance method routes traffic to the closest available endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-138">The Performance method routes traffic to the closest available endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-139">The net result is that the overall performance impact associated with this method should be minimal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-139">The net result is that the overall performance impact associated with this method should be minimal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-140">Any increase in DNS latency should be offset by lower network latency to the endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-140">Any increase in DNS latency should be offset by lower network latency to the endpoint.</span></span>

### <a name="what-application-protocols-can-i-use-with-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-141">What application protocols can I use with Traffic Manager?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-141">What application protocols can I use with Traffic Manager?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-142">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-142">As explained in [How Traffic Manager Works](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview.md#how-traffic-manager-works), Traffic Manager works at the DNS level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-143">Once the DNS lookup is complete, clients connect to the application endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-143">Once the DNS lookup is complete, clients connect to the application endpoint directly, not through Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-144">Therefore the connection can use any application protocol.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-144">Therefore the connection can use any application protocol.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-145">However, Traffic Manager's endpoint health checks require either an HTTP or HTTPS endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-145">However, Traffic Manager's endpoint health checks require either an HTTP or HTTPS endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-146">The endpoint for a health check can be different than the application endpoint that clients connect to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-146">The endpoint for a health check can be different than the application endpoint that clients connect to.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-use-traffic-manager-with-a-naked-domain-name"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-147">Can I use Traffic Manager with a 'naked' domain name?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-147">Can I use Traffic Manager with a 'naked' domain name?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-148">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-148">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-149">The DNS standards do not permit CNAMEs to co-exist with other DNS records of the same name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-149">The DNS standards do not permit CNAMEs to co-exist with other DNS records of the same name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-150">The apex (or root) of a DNS zone always contains two pre-existing DNS records; the SOA and the authoritative NS records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-150">The apex (or root) of a DNS zone always contains two pre-existing DNS records; the SOA and the authoritative NS records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-151">This means a CNAME record cannot be created at the zone apex without violating the DNS standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-151">This means a CNAME record cannot be created at the zone apex without violating the DNS standards.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-152">Traffic Manager requires a DNS CNAME record to map the vanity DNS name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-152">Traffic Manager requires a DNS CNAME record to map the vanity DNS name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-153">For example, you map www.contoso.com to the Traffic Manager profile DNS name contoso.trafficmanager.net.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-153">For example, you map www.contoso.com to the Traffic Manager profile DNS name contoso.trafficmanager.net.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-154">Additionally, the Traffic Manager profile returns a second DNS CNAME to indicate which endpoint the client should connect to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-154">Additionally, the Traffic Manager profile returns a second DNS CNAME to indicate which endpoint the client should connect to.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-155">To work around this issue, we recommend using an HTTP redirect to direct traffic from the naked domain name to a different URL, which can then use Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-155">To work around this issue, we recommend using an HTTP redirect to direct traffic from the naked domain name to a different URL, which can then use Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-156">For example, the naked domain 'contoso.com' can redirect users to the CNAME 'www.contoso.com' that points to the Traffic Manager DNS name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-156">For example, the naked domain 'contoso.com' can redirect users to the CNAME 'www.contoso.com' that points to the Traffic Manager DNS name.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-157">Full support for naked domains in Traffic Manager is tracked in our feature backlog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-157">Full support for naked domains in Traffic Manager is tracked in our feature backlog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-158">You can register your support for this feature request by [voting for it on our community feedback site](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/217313-networking/suggestions/5485350-support-apex-naked-domains-more-seamlessly).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-158">You can register your support for this feature request by [voting for it on our community feedback site](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/217313-networking/suggestions/5485350-support-apex-naked-domains-more-seamlessly).</span></span>

### <a name="does-traffic-manager-consider-the-client-subnet-address-when-handling-dns-queries"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-159">Does Traffic Manager consider the client subnet address when handling DNS queries?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-159">Does Traffic Manager consider the client subnet address when handling DNS queries?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-160">No, at this time Traffic Manager considers only the source IP address of the DNS query it receives, which in most cases is the IP address of the DNS resolver, when performing lookups for Geographic and Performance routing methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-160">No, at this time Traffic Manager considers only the source IP address of the DNS query it receives, which in most cases is the IP address of the DNS resolver, when performing lookups for Geographic and Performance routing methods.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-161">Specifically, [RFC 7871 – Client Subnet in DNS Queries](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7871) that provides an [Extension Mechanism for DNS (EDNS0)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2671) which can pass on the client subnet address from resolvers that support it to DNS servers is currently not supported in Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-161">Specifically, [RFC 7871 – Client Subnet in DNS Queries](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7871) that provides an [Extension Mechanism for DNS (EDNS0)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2671) which can pass on the client subnet address from resolvers that support it to DNS servers is currently not supported in Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-162">You can register your support for this feature request through our [community feedback site](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/217313-networking).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-162">You can register your support for this feature request through our [community feedback site](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/217313-networking).</span></span>


## <a name="traffic-manager-geographic-traffic-routing-method"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-163">Traffic Manager Geographic traffic routing method</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-163">Traffic Manager Geographic traffic routing method</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-some-use-cases-where-geographic-routing-is-useful"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-164">What are some use cases where geographic routing is useful?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-164">What are some use cases where geographic routing is useful?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-165">Geographic routing type can be used in any scenario where an Azure customer needs to distinguish their users based on geographic regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-165">Geographic routing type can be used in any scenario where an Azure customer needs to distinguish their users based on geographic regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-166">For example, using the Geographic traffic routing method, you can give users from specific regions a different user experience than those from other regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-166">For example, using the Geographic traffic routing method, you can give users from specific regions a different user experience than those from other regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-167">Another example is complying with local data sovereignty mandates that require that users from a specific region be served only by endpoints in that region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-167">Another example is complying with local data sovereignty mandates that require that users from a specific region be served only by endpoints in that region.</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-regions-that-are-supported-by-traffic-manager-for-geographic-routing"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-168">What are the regions that are supported by Traffic Manager for geographic routing?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-168">What are the regions that are supported by Traffic Manager for geographic routing?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-169">The country/region hierarchy that is used by Traffic Manager can be found [here](traffic-manager-geographic-regions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-169">The country/region hierarchy that is used by Traffic Manager can be found [here](traffic-manager-geographic-regions.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-170">While this page will be kept up-to-date with any changes, you can also programmatically retrieve the same information by using the [Azure Traffic Manager REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/trafficmanager/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-170">While this page will be kept up-to-date with any changes, you can also programmatically retrieve the same information by using the [Azure Traffic Manager REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/trafficmanager/).</span></span> 

### <a name="how-does-traffic-manager-determine-where-a-user-is-querying-from"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-171">How does traffic manager determine where a user is querying from?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-171">How does traffic manager determine where a user is querying from?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-172">Traffic Manager looks at the source IP of the query (this most likely will be a local DNS resolver doing the querying on behalf of the user) and uses an internal IP to region map to determine the location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-172">Traffic Manager looks at the source IP of the query (this most likely will be a local DNS resolver doing the querying on behalf of the user) and uses an internal IP to region map to determine the location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-173">This map is updated on an ongoing basis to account for changes in the internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-173">This map is updated on an ongoing basis to account for changes in the internet.</span></span> 

### <a name="is-it-guaranteed-that-traffic-manager-will-correctly-determine-the-exact-geographic-location-of-the-user-in-every-case"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-174">Is it guaranteed that Traffic Manager will correctly determine the exact geographic location of the user in every case?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-174">Is it guaranteed that Traffic Manager will correctly determine the exact geographic location of the user in every case?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-175">No, Traffic Manager cannot guarantee that the geographic region we infer from the source IP address of a DNS query will always correspond to the user’s location due to the following reasons:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-175">No, Traffic Manager cannot guarantee that the geographic region we infer from the source IP address of a DNS query will always correspond to the user’s location due to the following reasons:</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-176">First, as described in the previous FAQ, the source IP address we see is that of a DNS resolver doing the lookup on behalf of the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-176">First, as described in the previous FAQ, the source IP address we see is that of a DNS resolver doing the lookup on behalf of the user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-177">While the geographic location of the DNS resolver is a good proxy for the geographic location of the user, it can also be different depending upon the footprint of the DNS resolver service and the specific DNS resolver service a customer has chosen to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-177">While the geographic location of the DNS resolver is a good proxy for the geographic location of the user, it can also be different depending upon the footprint of the DNS resolver service and the specific DNS resolver service a customer has chosen to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-178">As an example, a customer located in Malaysia could specify in their device’s settings use a DNS resolver service whose DNS server in Singapore might get picked to handle the query resolutions for that user/device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-178">As an example, a customer located in Malaysia could specify in their device’s settings use a DNS resolver service whose DNS server in Singapore might get picked to handle the query resolutions for that user/device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-179">In that case, Traffic Manager will see only the resolver’s IP address which corresponds to the Singapore location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-179">In that case, Traffic Manager will see only the resolver’s IP address which corresponds to the Singapore location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-180">Also, see the earlier FAQ regarding client subnet address support on this page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-180">Also, see the earlier FAQ regarding client subnet address support on this page.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-181">Second, Traffic Manager uses an internal map to do the IP address to geographic region translation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-181">Second, Traffic Manager uses an internal map to do the IP address to geographic region translation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-182">While this map is validated and updated on an ongoing basis to increase its accuracy and account for the evolving nature of the internet, there is still the possibility that our information is not an exact representation of the geographic location of all the IP addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-182">While this map is validated and updated on an ongoing basis to increase its accuracy and account for the evolving nature of the internet, there is still the possibility that our information is not an exact representation of the geographic location of all the IP addresses.</span></span>


###  <a name="does-an-endpoint-need-to-be-physically-located-in-the-same-region-as-the-one-it-is-configured-with-for-geographic-routing"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-183">Does an endpoint need to be physically located in the same region as the one it is configured with for geographic routing?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-183">Does an endpoint need to be physically located in the same region as the one it is configured with for geographic routing?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-184">No, the location of the endpoint imposes no restrictions on which regions can be mapped to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-184">No, the location of the endpoint imposes no restrictions on which regions can be mapped to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-185">For example, an endpoint in US-Central Azure region can have all users from India directed to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-185">For example, an endpoint in US-Central Azure region can have all users from India directed to it.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-assign-geographic-regions-to-endpoints-in-a-profile-that-is-not-configured-to-do-geographic-routing"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-186">Can I assign geographic regions to endpoints in a profile that is not configured to do geographic routing?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-186">Can I assign geographic regions to endpoints in a profile that is not configured to do geographic routing?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-187">Yes, if the routing method of a profile is not geographic, you can use the [Azure Traffic Manager REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/trafficmanager/) to assign geographic regions to endpoints in that profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-187">Yes, if the routing method of a profile is not geographic, you can use the [Azure Traffic Manager REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/trafficmanager/) to assign geographic regions to endpoints in that profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-188">In the case of non-geographic routing type profiles, this configuration will be ignored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-188">In the case of non-geographic routing type profiles, this configuration will be ignored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-189">If you change such a profile to geographic routing type at a later time, Traffic Manager will use those mappings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-189">If you change such a profile to geographic routing type at a later time, Traffic Manager will use those mappings.</span></span>


### <a name="when-i-try-to-change-the-routing-method-of-an-existing-profile-to-geographic-i-am-getting-an-error"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-190">When I try to change the routing method of an existing profile to geographic I am getting an error?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-190">When I try to change the routing method of an existing profile to geographic I am getting an error?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-191">All the endpoints under a profile with geographic routing need to have at least one region mapped to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-191">All the endpoints under a profile with geographic routing need to have at least one region mapped to it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-192">To convert an existing profile to geographic routing type, you first need to associate geographic regions to all its endpoints using the [Azure Traffic Manager REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/trafficmanager/) before changing the routing type to geographic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-192">To convert an existing profile to geographic routing type, you first need to associate geographic regions to all its endpoints using the [Azure Traffic Manager REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/trafficmanager/) before changing the routing type to geographic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-193">If using portal, you will have to first delete the endpoints, change the routing method of the profile to geographic and then add the endpoints along with their geographic region mapping.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-193">If using portal, you will have to first delete the endpoints, change the routing method of the profile to geographic and then add the endpoints along with their geographic region mapping.</span></span> 


###  <a name="why-is-it-strongly-recommended-that-customers-create-nested-profiles-instead-of-endpoints-under-a-profile-with-geographic-routing-enabled"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-194">Why is it strongly recommended that customers create nested profiles instead of endpoints under a profile with geographic routing enabled?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-194">Why is it strongly recommended that customers create nested profiles instead of endpoints under a profile with geographic routing enabled?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-195">A region can be assigned to only one endpoint within a profile if its using geographic routing type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-195">A region can be assigned to only one endpoint within a profile if its using geographic routing type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-196">If that endpoint is not a nested type with a child profile attached to it, in the event of that endpoint going unhealthy, Traffic Manager will continue to send traffic to it since the alternative of not sending any traffic isn’t any better.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-196">If that endpoint is not a nested type with a child profile attached to it, in the event of that endpoint going unhealthy, Traffic Manager will continue to send traffic to it since the alternative of not sending any traffic isn’t any better.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-197">Traffic Manager does not failover to another endpoint, even when the region assigned is a “parent” of the region assigned to the endpoint that went unhealthy (e.g. if an endpoint that has region Spain goes unhealthy, we will not failover to another endpoint that has the region Europe assigned to it).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-197">Traffic Manager does not failover to another endpoint, even when the region assigned is a “parent” of the region assigned to the endpoint that went unhealthy (e.g. if an endpoint that has region Spain goes unhealthy, we will not failover to another endpoint that has the region Europe assigned to it).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-198">This is done to ensure that Traffic Manager respects the geographic boundaries that a customer has setup in their profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-198">This is done to ensure that Traffic Manager respects the geographic boundaries that a customer has setup in their profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-199">In order to get the benefit of failing over to another endpoint when an endpoint goes unhealthy, it is recommended that geographic regions be assigned to nested profiles with multiple endpoints within it instead of individual endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-199">In order to get the benefit of failing over to another endpoint when an endpoint goes unhealthy, it is recommended that geographic regions be assigned to nested profiles with multiple endpoints within it instead of individual endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-200">In this way, if an endpoint in the nested child profile fails, traffic can failover to another endpoint inside the same nested child profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-200">In this way, if an endpoint in the nested child profile fails, traffic can failover to another endpoint inside the same nested child profile.</span></span>

### <a name="are-there-any-restrictions-on-the-api-version-that-supports-this-routing-type"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-201">Are there any restrictions on the API version that supports this routing type?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-201">Are there any restrictions on the API version that supports this routing type?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-202">Yes, only API version 2017-03-01 and newer supports the Geographic routing type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-202">Yes, only API version 2017-03-01 and newer supports the Geographic routing type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-203">Any older API versions cannot be used to created profiles of Geographic routing type or assign geographic regions to endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-203">Any older API versions cannot be used to created profiles of Geographic routing type or assign geographic regions to endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-204">If an older API version is used to retrieve profiles from an Azure subscription, any profiles of Geographic routing type will not be returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-204">If an older API version is used to retrieve profiles from an Azure subscription, any profiles of Geographic routing type will not be returned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-205">In addition, when using older API versions, any profiles returned that has endpoints with a geographic region assignment will not have its geographic region assignment shown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-205">In addition, when using older API versions, any profiles returned that has endpoints with a geographic region assignment will not have its geographic region assignment shown.</span></span>



## <a name="traffic-manager-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-206">Traffic Manager endpoints</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-206">Traffic Manager endpoints</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-use-traffic-manager-with-endpoints-from-multiple-subscriptions"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-207">Can I use Traffic Manager with endpoints from multiple subscriptions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-207">Can I use Traffic Manager with endpoints from multiple subscriptions?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-208">Using endpoints from multiple subscriptions is not possible with Azure Web Apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-208">Using endpoints from multiple subscriptions is not possible with Azure Web Apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-209">Azure Web Apps requires that any custom domain name used with Web Apps is only used within a single subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-209">Azure Web Apps requires that any custom domain name used with Web Apps is only used within a single subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-210">It is not possible to use Web Apps from multiple subscriptions with the same domain name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-210">It is not possible to use Web Apps from multiple subscriptions with the same domain name.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-211">For other endpoint types, it is possible to use Traffic Manager with endpoints from more than one subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-211">For other endpoint types, it is possible to use Traffic Manager with endpoints from more than one subscription.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-212">How you configure Traffic Manager depends on whether you are using the classic deployment model or the Resource Manager experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-212">How you configure Traffic Manager depends on whether you are using the classic deployment model or the Resource Manager experience.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-213">In Resource Manager, endpoints from any subscription can be added to Traffic Manager, so long as the person configuring the Traffic Manager profile has read access to the endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-213">In Resource Manager, endpoints from any subscription can be added to Traffic Manager, so long as the person configuring the Traffic Manager profile has read access to the endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-214">These permissions can be granted using [Azure Resource Manager role-based access control (RBAC)](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-214">These permissions can be granted using [Azure Resource Manager role-based access control (RBAC)](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-215">In the classic deployment model interface, Traffic Manager requires that Cloud Services or Web Apps configured as Azure endpoints reside in the same subscription as the Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-215">In the classic deployment model interface, Traffic Manager requires that Cloud Services or Web Apps configured as Azure endpoints reside in the same subscription as the Traffic Manager profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-216">Cloud Service endpoints in other subscriptions can be added to Traffic Manager as 'external' endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-216">Cloud Service endpoints in other subscriptions can be added to Traffic Manager as 'external' endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-217">These external endpoints are billed as Azure endpoints, rather than the external rate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-217">These external endpoints are billed as Azure endpoints, rather than the external rate.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-use-traffic-manager-with-cloud-service-staging-slots"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-218">Can I use Traffic Manager with Cloud Service 'Staging' slots?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-218">Can I use Traffic Manager with Cloud Service 'Staging' slots?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-219">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-219">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-220">Cloud Service 'staging' slots can be configured in Traffic Manager as External endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-220">Cloud Service 'staging' slots can be configured in Traffic Manager as External endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-221">Health checks are still be charged at the Azure Endpoints rate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-221">Health checks are still be charged at the Azure Endpoints rate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-222">Because the External endpoint type is in use, changes to the underlying service are not picked up automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-222">Because the External endpoint type is in use, changes to the underlying service are not picked up automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-223">With external endpoints, Traffic Manager cannot detect when the Cloud Service is stopped or deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-223">With external endpoints, Traffic Manager cannot detect when the Cloud Service is stopped or deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-224">Therefore, the Traffic Manager continues billing for health checks until the endpoint is disabled or deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-224">Therefore, the Traffic Manager continues billing for health checks until the endpoint is disabled or deleted.</span></span>

### <a name="does-traffic-manager-support-ipv6-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-225">Does Traffic Manager support IPv6 endpoints?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-225">Does Traffic Manager support IPv6 endpoints?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-226">Traffic Manager does not currently provide IPv6-addressible name servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-226">Traffic Manager does not currently provide IPv6-addressible name servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-227">However, Traffic Manager can still be used by IPv6 clients connecting to IPv6 endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-227">However, Traffic Manager can still be used by IPv6 clients connecting to IPv6 endpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-228">A client does not make DNS requests directly to Traffic Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-228">A client does not make DNS requests directly to Traffic Manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-229">Instead, the client uses a recursive DNS service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-229">Instead, the client uses a recursive DNS service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-230">An IPv6-only client sends requests to the recursive DNS service via IPv6.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-230">An IPv6-only client sends requests to the recursive DNS service via IPv6.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-231">Then the recursive service should be able to contact the Traffic Manager name servers using IPv4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-231">Then the recursive service should be able to contact the Traffic Manager name servers using IPv4.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-232">Traffic Manager responds with the DNS name of the endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-232">Traffic Manager responds with the DNS name of the endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-233">To support an IPv6 endpoint, a DNS AAAA record pointing the endpoint DNS name to the IPv6 address must exist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-233">To support an IPv6 endpoint, a DNS AAAA record pointing the endpoint DNS name to the IPv6 address must exist.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-234">Traffic Manager health checks only support IPv4 addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-234">Traffic Manager health checks only support IPv4 addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-235">The service needs to expose an IPv4 endpoint on the same DNS name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-235">The service needs to expose an IPv4 endpoint on the same DNS name.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-use-traffic-manager-with-more-than-one-web-app-in-the-same-region"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-236">Can I use Traffic Manager with more than one Web App in the same region?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-236">Can I use Traffic Manager with more than one Web App in the same region?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-237">Typically, Traffic Manager is used to direct traffic to applications deployed in different regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-237">Typically, Traffic Manager is used to direct traffic to applications deployed in different regions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-238">However, it can also be used where an application has more than one deployment in the same region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-238">However, it can also be used where an application has more than one deployment in the same region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-239">The Traffic Manager Azure endpoints do not permit more than one Web App endpoint from the same Azure region to be added to the same Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-239">The Traffic Manager Azure endpoints do not permit more than one Web App endpoint from the same Azure region to be added to the same Traffic Manager profile.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-240">The following steps provide a workaround to this constraint:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-240">The following steps provide a workaround to this constraint:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-241">Check that your endpoints are in different web app 'scale units'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-241">Check that your endpoints are in different web app 'scale units'.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-242">A domain name must map to a single site in a given scale unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-242">A domain name must map to a single site in a given scale unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-243">Therefore, two Web Apps in the same scale unit cannot share a Traffic Manager profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-243">Therefore, two Web Apps in the same scale unit cannot share a Traffic Manager profile.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-244">Add your vanity domain name as a custom hostname to each Web App.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-244">Add your vanity domain name as a custom hostname to each Web App.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-245">Each Web App must be in a different scale unit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-245">Each Web App must be in a different scale unit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-246">All Web Apps must belong to the same subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-246">All Web Apps must belong to the same subscription.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-247">Add one (and only one) Web App endpoint to your Traffic Manager profile, as an Azure endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-247">Add one (and only one) Web App endpoint to your Traffic Manager profile, as an Azure endpoint.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-248">Add each additional Web App endpoint to your Traffic Manager profile as an External endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-248">Add each additional Web App endpoint to your Traffic Manager profile as an External endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-249">External endpoints can only be added using the Resource Manager deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-249">External endpoints can only be added using the Resource Manager deployment model.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-250">Create a DNS CNAME record in your vanity domain that points to your Traffic Manager profile DNS name (<...>.trafficmanager.net).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-250">Create a DNS CNAME record in your vanity domain that points to your Traffic Manager profile DNS name (<...>.trafficmanager.net).</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-251">Access your site via the vanity domain name, not the Traffic Manager profile DNS name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-251">Access your site via the vanity domain name, not the Traffic Manager profile DNS name.</span></span>

##  <a name="traffic-manager-endpoint-monitoring"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-252">Traffic Manager endpoint monitoring</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-252">Traffic Manager endpoint monitoring</span></span>

### <a name="is-traffic-manager-resilient-to-azure-region-failures"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-253">Is Traffic Manager resilient to Azure region failures?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-253">Is Traffic Manager resilient to Azure region failures?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-254">Traffic Manager is a key component of the delivery of highly available applications in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-254">Traffic Manager is a key component of the delivery of highly available applications in Azure.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-255">To deliver high availability, Traffic Manager must have an exceptionally high level of availability and be resilient to regional failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-255">To deliver high availability, Traffic Manager must have an exceptionally high level of availability and be resilient to regional failure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-256">By design, Traffic Manager components are resilient to a complete failure of any Azure region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-256">By design, Traffic Manager components are resilient to a complete failure of any Azure region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-257">This resilience applies to all Traffic Manager components: the DNS name servers, the API, the storage layer, and the endpoint monitoring service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-257">This resilience applies to all Traffic Manager components: the DNS name servers, the API, the storage layer, and the endpoint monitoring service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-258">In the unlikely event of an outage of an entire Azure region, Traffic Manager is expected to continue to function normally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-258">In the unlikely event of an outage of an entire Azure region, Traffic Manager is expected to continue to function normally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-259">Applications deployed in multiple Azure regions can rely on Traffic Manager to direct traffic to an available instance of their application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-259">Applications deployed in multiple Azure regions can rely on Traffic Manager to direct traffic to an available instance of their application.</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-the-choice-of-resource-group-location-affect-traffic-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-260">How does the choice of resource group location affect Traffic Manager?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-260">How does the choice of resource group location affect Traffic Manager?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-261">Traffic Manager is a single, global service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-261">Traffic Manager is a single, global service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-262">It is not regional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-262">It is not regional.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-263">The choice of resource group location makes no difference to Traffic Manager profiles deployed in that resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-263">The choice of resource group location makes no difference to Traffic Manager profiles deployed in that resource group.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-264">Azure Resource Manager requires all resource groups to specify a location, which determines the default location for resources deployed in that resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-264">Azure Resource Manager requires all resource groups to specify a location, which determines the default location for resources deployed in that resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-265">When you create a Traffic Manager profile, it is created in a resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-265">When you create a Traffic Manager profile, it is created in a resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-266">All Traffic Manager profiles use **global** as their location, overriding the resource group default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-266">All Traffic Manager profiles use **global** as their location, overriding the resource group default.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-determine-the-current-health-of-each-endpoint"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-267">How do I determine the current health of each endpoint?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-267">How do I determine the current health of each endpoint?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-268">The current monitoring status of each endpoint, in addition to the overall profile, is displayed in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-268">The current monitoring status of each endpoint, in addition to the overall profile, is displayed in the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-269">This information also is available via the Traffic Monitor [REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt163667.aspx), [PowerShell cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt125941.aspx), and [cross-platform Azure CLI](../cli-install-nodejs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-269">This information also is available via the Traffic Monitor [REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt163667.aspx), [PowerShell cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt125941.aspx), and [cross-platform Azure CLI](../cli-install-nodejs.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-270">Azure does not provide historical information about past endpoint health or the ability to raise alerts about changes to endpoint health.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-270">Azure does not provide historical information about past endpoint health or the ability to raise alerts about changes to endpoint health.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-monitor-https-endpoints"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-271">Can I monitor HTTPS endpoints?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-271">Can I monitor HTTPS endpoints?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-272">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-272">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-273">Traffic Manager supports probing over HTTPS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-273">Traffic Manager supports probing over HTTPS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-274">Configure **HTTPS** as the protocol in the monitoring configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-274">Configure **HTTPS** as the protocol in the monitoring configuration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-275">Traffic manager cannot provide any certificate validation, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-275">Traffic manager cannot provide any certificate validation, including:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-276">Server-side certificates are not validated</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-276">Server-side certificates are not validated</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-277">SNI server-side certificates are not supported</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-277">SNI server-side certificates are not supported</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-278">Client certificates are not supported</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-278">Client certificates are not supported</span></span>

### <a name="what-host-header-do-endpoint-health-checks-use"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-279">What host header do endpoint health checks use?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-279">What host header do endpoint health checks use?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-280">Traffic Manager uses host headers in HTTP and HTTPS health checks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-280">Traffic Manager uses host headers in HTTP and HTTPS health checks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-281">The host header used by Traffic Manager is the name of the endpoint target configured in the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-281">The host header used by Traffic Manager is the name of the endpoint target configured in the profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-282">The value used in the host header cannot be specified separately from the target property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-282">The value used in the host header cannot be specified separately from the target property.</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-ip-addresses-from-which-the-health-checks-originate"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-283">What are the IP addresses from which the health checks originate?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-283">What are the IP addresses from which the health checks originate?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-284">The following list contains the IP addresses from which Traffic Manager health checks can originate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-284">The following list contains the IP addresses from which Traffic Manager health checks can originate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-285">You may use this list to ensure that incoming connections from these IP addresses are allowed at the endpoints to check its health status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-285">You may use this list to ensure that incoming connections from these IP addresses are allowed at the endpoints to check its health status.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-286">40.68.30.66</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-286">40.68.30.66</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-287">40.68.31.178</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-287">40.68.31.178</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-288">137.135.80.149</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-288">137.135.80.149</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-289">137.135.82.249</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-289">137.135.82.249</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-290">23.96.236.252</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-290">23.96.236.252</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-291">65.52.217.19</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-291">65.52.217.19</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-292">40.87.147.10</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-292">40.87.147.10</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-293">40.87.151.34</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-293">40.87.151.34</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-294">13.75.124.254</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-294">13.75.124.254</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-295">13.75.127.63</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-295">13.75.127.63</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-296">52.172.155.168</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-296">52.172.155.168</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-297">52.172.158.37</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-297">52.172.158.37</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-298">104.215.91.84</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-298">104.215.91.84</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-299">13.75.153.124</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-299">13.75.153.124</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-300">13.84.222.37</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-300">13.84.222.37</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-301">23.101.191.199</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-301">23.101.191.199</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-302">23.96.213.12</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-302">23.96.213.12</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-303">137.135.46.163</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-303">137.135.46.163</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-304">137.135.47.215</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-304">137.135.47.215</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-305">191.232.208.52</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-305">191.232.208.52</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-306">191.232.214.62</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-306">191.232.214.62</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-307">13.75.152.253</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-307">13.75.152.253</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-308">104.41.187.209</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-308">104.41.187.209</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-309">104.41.190.203</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-309">104.41.190.203</span></span>

## <a name="traffic-manager-nested-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-310">Traffic Manager nested profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-310">Traffic Manager nested profiles</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-configure-nested-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-311">How do I configure nested profiles?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-311">How do I configure nested profiles?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-312">Nested Traffic Manager profiles can be configured using both the Azure Resource Manager and the classic Azure REST APIs, Azure PowerShell cmdlets and cross-platform Azure CLI commands.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-312">Nested Traffic Manager profiles can be configured using both the Azure Resource Manager and the classic Azure REST APIs, Azure PowerShell cmdlets and cross-platform Azure CLI commands.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-313">They are also supported via the new Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-313">They are also supported via the new Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-314">They are not supported in the classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-314">They are not supported in the classic portal.</span></span>

### <a name="how-many-layers-of-nesting-does-traffic-manger-support"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-315">How many layers of nesting does Traffic Manger support?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-315">How many layers of nesting does Traffic Manger support?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-316">You can nest profiles up to 10 levels deep.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-316">You can nest profiles up to 10 levels deep.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-317">'Loops' are not permitted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-317">'Loops' are not permitted.</span></span>

### <a name="can-i-mix-other-endpoint-types-with-nested-child-profiles-in-the-same-traffic-manager-profile"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-318">Can I mix other endpoint types with nested child profiles, in the same Traffic Manager profile?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-318">Can I mix other endpoint types with nested child profiles, in the same Traffic Manager profile?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-319">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-319">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-320">There are no restrictions on how you combine endpoints of different types within a profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-320">There are no restrictions on how you combine endpoints of different types within a profile.</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-the-billing-model-apply-for-nested-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-321">How does the billing model apply for Nested profiles?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-321">How does the billing model apply for Nested profiles?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-322">There is no negative pricing impact of using nested profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-322">There is no negative pricing impact of using nested profiles.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-323">Traffic Manager billing has two components: endpoint health checks and millions of DNS queries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-323">Traffic Manager billing has two components: endpoint health checks and millions of DNS queries</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-324">Endpoint health checks: There is no charge for a child profile when configured as an endpoint in a parent profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-324">Endpoint health checks: There is no charge for a child profile when configured as an endpoint in a parent profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-325">Monitoring of the endpoints in the child profile is billed in the usual way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-325">Monitoring of the endpoints in the child profile is billed in the usual way.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-326">DNS queries: Each query is only counted once.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-326">DNS queries: Each query is only counted once.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-327">A query against a parent profile that returns an endpoint from a child profile is counted against the parent profile only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-327">A query against a parent profile that returns an endpoint from a child profile is counted against the parent profile only.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-328">For full details, see the [Traffic Manager pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/traffic-manager/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-328">For full details, see the [Traffic Manager pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/traffic-manager/).</span></span>

### <a name="is-there-a-performance-impact-for-nested-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-329">Is there a performance impact for nested profiles?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-329">Is there a performance impact for nested profiles?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-330">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-330">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-331">There is no performance impact incurred when using nested profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-331">There is no performance impact incurred when using nested profiles.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-332">The Traffic Manager name servers traverse the profile hierarchy internally when processing each DNS query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-332">The Traffic Manager name servers traverse the profile hierarchy internally when processing each DNS query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-333">A DNS query to a parent profile can receive a DNS response with an endpoint from a child profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-333">A DNS query to a parent profile can receive a DNS response with an endpoint from a child profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-334">A single CNAME record is used whether you are using a single profile or nested profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-334">A single CNAME record is used whether you are using a single profile or nested profiles.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-335">There is no need to create a CNAME record for each profile in the hierarchy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-335">There is no need to create a CNAME record for each profile in the hierarchy.</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-traffic-manager-compute-the-health-of-a-nested-endpoint-in-a-parent-profile"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-336">How does Traffic Manager compute the health of a nested endpoint in a parent profile?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-336">How does Traffic Manager compute the health of a nested endpoint in a parent profile?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-337">The parent profile doesn't perform health checks on the child directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-337">The parent profile doesn't perform health checks on the child directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-338">Instead, the health of the child profile's endpoints are used to calculate the overall health of the child profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-338">Instead, the health of the child profile's endpoints are used to calculate the overall health of the child profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-339">This information is propagated up the nested profile hierarchy to determine the health of the nested endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-339">This information is propagated up the nested profile hierarchy to determine the health of the nested endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-340">The parent profile uses this aggregated health to determine whether the traffic can be directed to the child.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-340">The parent profile uses this aggregated health to determine whether the traffic can be directed to the child.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-341">The following table describes the behavior of Traffic Manager health checks for a nested endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-341">The following table describes the behavior of Traffic Manager health checks for a nested endpoint.</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-342">Child Profile Monitor status</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-342">Child Profile Monitor status</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-343">Parent Endpoint Monitor status</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-343">Parent Endpoint Monitor status</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-344">Notes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-344">Notes</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-345">Disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-345">Disabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-346">The child profile has been disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-346">The child profile has been disabled.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-347">Stopped</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-347">Stopped</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-348">The parent endpoint state is Stopped, not Disabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-348">The parent endpoint state is Stopped, not Disabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-349">The Disabled state is reserved for indicating that you have disabled the endpoint in the parent profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-349">The Disabled state is reserved for indicating that you have disabled the endpoint in the parent profile.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-350">Degraded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-350">Degraded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-351">At least one child profile endpoint is in a Degraded state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-351">At least one child profile endpoint is in a Degraded state.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-352">Online: the number of Online endpoints in the child profile is at least the value of MinChildEndpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-352">Online: the number of Online endpoints in the child profile is at least the value of MinChildEndpoints.</span></span><BR><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-353">CheckingEndpoint: the number of Online plus CheckingEndpoint endpoints in the child profile is at least the value of MinChildEndpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-353">CheckingEndpoint: the number of Online plus CheckingEndpoint endpoints in the child profile is at least the value of MinChildEndpoints.</span></span><BR><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-354">Degraded: otherwise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-354">Degraded: otherwise.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-355">Traffic is routed to an endpoint of status CheckingEndpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-355">Traffic is routed to an endpoint of status CheckingEndpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-356">If MinChildEndpoints is set too high, the endpoint is always degraded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-356">If MinChildEndpoints is set too high, the endpoint is always degraded.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-357">Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-357">Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-358">At least one child profile endpoint is an Online state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-358">At least one child profile endpoint is an Online state.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-359">No endpoint is in the Degraded state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-359">No endpoint is in the Degraded state.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-360">See above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-360">See above.</span></span> | |
| <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-361">CheckingEndpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-361">CheckingEndpoints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-362">At least one child profile endpoint is 'CheckingEndpoint'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-362">At least one child profile endpoint is 'CheckingEndpoint'.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-363">No endpoints are 'Online' or 'Degraded'</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-363">No endpoints are 'Online' or 'Degraded'</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-364">Same as above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-364">Same as above.</span></span> | |
| <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-365">Inactive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-365">Inactive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-366">All child profile endpoints are either Disabled or Stopped, or this profile has no endpoints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-366">All child profile endpoints are either Disabled or Stopped, or this profile has no endpoints.</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="26ea4-367">Stopped</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-367">Stopped</span></span> | |

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="26ea4-368">Next steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-368">Next steps:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-369">Learn more about Traffic Manager [endpoint monitoring and automatic failover](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-monitoring.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-369">Learn more about Traffic Manager [endpoint monitoring and automatic failover](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-monitoring.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="26ea4-370">Learn more about Traffic Manager [traffic routing methods](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="26ea4-370">Learn more about Traffic Manager [traffic routing methods](../traffic-manager/traffic-manager-routing-methods.md).</span></span>