---
title: How to fail back from Azure to VMware | Microsoft Docs
description: After failover of virtual machines to Azure, you can initiate a failback to bring virtual machines back to on-premises. Learn the steps for how to fail back.
services: site-recovery
documentationcenter: ''
author: ruturaj
manager: gauravd
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 44813a48-c680-4581-a92e-cecc57cc3b1e
ms.service: site-recovery
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: ''
ms.date: 02/13/2017
ms.author: ruturajd
ms.openlocfilehash: b054245de2c5bf6019c2cb29409289f2ac8766ec
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44555586"
---
# <a name="fail-back-from-azure-to-an-on-premises-site"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-104">Fail back from Azure to an on-premises site</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-104">Fail back from Azure to an on-premises site</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-105">This article describes how to fail back virtual machines from Azure Virtual Machines to the on-premises site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-105">This article describes how to fail back virtual machines from Azure Virtual Machines to the on-premises site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-106">Follow the instructions in this article to fail back your VMware virtual machines or Windows/Linux physical servers after they've failed over from the on-premises site to Azure by using the [Replicate VMware virtual machines and physical servers to Azure with Azure Site Recovery](site-recovery-vmware-to-azure-classic.md) tutorial.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-106">Follow the instructions in this article to fail back your VMware virtual machines or Windows/Linux physical servers after they've failed over from the on-premises site to Azure by using the [Replicate VMware virtual machines and physical servers to Azure with Azure Site Recovery](site-recovery-vmware-to-azure-classic.md) tutorial.</span></span>

## <a name="overview-of-failback"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-107">Overview of failback</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-107">Overview of failback</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-108">Here’s how failback works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-108">Here’s how failback works.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-109">After you’ve failed over to Azure, you fail back to your on-premises site in a few stages:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-109">After you’ve failed over to Azure, you fail back to your on-premises site in a few stages:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-110">[Reprotect](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md) the virtual machines on Azure so that they start to replicate to VMware virtual machines in your on-premises site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-110">[Reprotect](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md) the virtual machines on Azure so that they start to replicate to VMware virtual machines in your on-premises site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-111">As part of this process, you also need to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-111">As part of this process, you also need to:</span></span>
    1. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-112">Set up an on-premises master target: Windows master target for Windows virtual machines and [Linux master target](site-recovery-how-to-install-linux-master-target.md) for Linux virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-112">Set up an on-premises master target: Windows master target for Windows virtual machines and [Linux master target](site-recovery-how-to-install-linux-master-target.md) for Linux virtual machines.</span></span>
    2. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-113">Set up a [process server](site-recovery-vmware-setup-azure-ps-resource-manager.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-113">Set up a [process server](site-recovery-vmware-setup-azure-ps-resource-manager.md).</span></span>
    3. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-114">Initiate [reprotect](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-114">Initiate [reprotect](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md).</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-115">After your virtual machines on Azure are replicating to your on-premises site, you initiate a fail over from Azure to the on-premises site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-115">After your virtual machines on Azure are replicating to your on-premises site, you initiate a fail over from Azure to the on-premises site.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-116">After your data has failed back, you reprotect the on-premises virtual machines that you failed back to, so that they start to replicate to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-116">After your data has failed back, you reprotect the on-premises virtual machines that you failed back to, so that they start to replicate to Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-117">For a quick overview, watch the following video about how to fail over from Azure to an on-premises site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-117">For a quick overview, watch the following video about how to fail over from Azure to an on-premises site.</span></span>
> [!VIDEO https://channel9.msdn.com/Series/Azure-Site-Recovery/VMware-to-Azure-with-ASR-Video5-Failback-from-Azure-to-On-premises/player]

### <a name="fail-back-to-the-original-or-alternate-location"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-118">Fail back to the original or alternate location</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-118">Fail back to the original or alternate location</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-119">If you failed over a VMware virtual machine, you can fail back to the same source on-premises virtual machine if it still exists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-119">If you failed over a VMware virtual machine, you can fail back to the same source on-premises virtual machine if it still exists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-120">In this scenario, only the changes are replicated back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-120">In this scenario, only the changes are replicated back.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-121">This scenario is known as original location recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-121">This scenario is known as original location recovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-122">If the on-premises virtual machine does not exist, the scenario is an alternate location recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-122">If the on-premises virtual machine does not exist, the scenario is an alternate location recovery.</span></span>

#### <a name="original-location-recovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-123">Original location recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-123">Original location recovery</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-124">If you fail back to the original virtual machine, the following conditions are required:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-124">If you fail back to the original virtual machine, the following conditions are required:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-125">If the virtual machine is managed by a vCenter server, then the master target's ESX host should have access to the virtual machine's datastore.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-125">If the virtual machine is managed by a vCenter server, then the master target's ESX host should have access to the virtual machine's datastore.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-126">If the virtual machine is on an ESX host but isn’t managed by vCenter, then the hard disk of the virtual machine must be in a datastore that the master target's host can access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-126">If the virtual machine is on an ESX host but isn’t managed by vCenter, then the hard disk of the virtual machine must be in a datastore that the master target's host can access.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-127">If your virtual machine is on an ESX host and doesn't use vCenter, then you should complete discovery of the ESX host of the master target before you reprotect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-127">If your virtual machine is on an ESX host and doesn't use vCenter, then you should complete discovery of the ESX host of the master target before you reprotect.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-128">This applies if you're failing back physical servers, too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-128">This applies if you're failing back physical servers, too.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-129">You can fail back to a virtual storage area network (vSAN) or a disk that based on raw device mapping (RDM) if the disks already exist and are connected to the on-premises virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-129">You can fail back to a virtual storage area network (vSAN) or a disk that based on raw device mapping (RDM) if the disks already exist and are connected to the on-premises virtual machine.</span></span>

#### <a name="alternate-location-recovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-130">Alternate location recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-130">Alternate location recovery</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-131">If the on-premises virtual machine does not exist before reprotecting the virtual machine, the scenario is called an alternate location recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-131">If the on-premises virtual machine does not exist before reprotecting the virtual machine, the scenario is called an alternate location recovery.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-132">The reprotect workflow creates the on-premises virtual machine again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-132">The reprotect workflow creates the on-premises virtual machine again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-133">This will also cause a full data download.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-133">This will also cause a full data download.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-134">When you fail back to an alternate location, the virtual machine will be recovered to the same ESX host on which the master target server is deployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-134">When you fail back to an alternate location, the virtual machine will be recovered to the same ESX host on which the master target server is deployed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-135">The datastore that's used to create the disk will be the same datastore that was selected when reprotecting the virtual machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-135">The datastore that's used to create the disk will be the same datastore that was selected when reprotecting the virtual machine.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-136">You can fail back only to a virtual machine file system (VMFS) datastore.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-136">You can fail back only to a virtual machine file system (VMFS) datastore.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-137">If you have a vSAN or RDM, reprotect and failback will not work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-137">If you have a vSAN or RDM, reprotect and failback will not work.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-138">Reprotect involves one large initial data transfer that's followed by the changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-138">Reprotect involves one large initial data transfer that's followed by the changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-139">This process exists because the virtual machine does not exist on premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-139">This process exists because the virtual machine does not exist on premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-140">The complete data needs to be replicated back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-140">The complete data needs to be replicated back.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-141">This reprotect will also take more time than an original location recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-141">This reprotect will also take more time than an original location recovery.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-142">You cannot fail back to vSAN- or RDM-based disks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-142">You cannot fail back to vSAN- or RDM-based disks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-143">Only new virtual machine disks (VMDKs) can be created on a VMFS datastore.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-143">Only new virtual machine disks (VMDKs) can be created on a VMFS datastore.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-144">A physical machine, when failed over to Azure, can be failed back only as a VMware virtual machine (also referred to as P2A2V).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-144">A physical machine, when failed over to Azure, can be failed back only as a VMware virtual machine (also referred to as P2A2V).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-145">This flow falls under the alternate location recovery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-145">This flow falls under the alternate location recovery.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-146">A Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 server, if protected and failed over to Azure, cannot be failed back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-146">A Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 server, if protected and failed over to Azure, cannot be failed back.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-147">Ensure that you discover at least one master target server and the necessary ESX/ESXi hosts to which you need to fail back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-147">Ensure that you discover at least one master target server and the necessary ESX/ESXi hosts to which you need to fail back.</span></span>

## <a name="have-you-completed-reprotection"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-148">Have you completed reprotection?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-148">Have you completed reprotection?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-149">Before you proceed, complete the reprotect steps so that the virtual machines are in a replicated state, and you can initiate a failover back to an on-premises site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-149">Before you proceed, complete the reprotect steps so that the virtual machines are in a replicated state, and you can initiate a failover back to an on-premises site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-150">For more information, see [How to reprotect from Azure to on-premises](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-150">For more information, see [How to reprotect from Azure to on-premises](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md).</span></span>

## <a name="prerequisites"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-151">Prerequisites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-151">Prerequisites</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-152">A configuration server is required on premises when you do a failback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-152">A configuration server is required on premises when you do a failback.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-153">During failback, the virtual machine must exist in the configuration server database, or failback won't succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-153">During failback, the virtual machine must exist in the configuration server database, or failback won't succeed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-154">Thus, ensure that you take regularly scheduled backups of your server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-154">Thus, ensure that you take regularly scheduled backups of your server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-155">If there was a disaster, you will need to restore the server with the same IP address for failback to work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-155">If there was a disaster, you will need to restore the server with the same IP address for failback to work.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-156">The master target server should not have any snapshots before triggering failback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-156">The master target server should not have any snapshots before triggering failback.</span></span>

## <a name="steps-to-fail-back"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-157">Steps to fail back</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-157">Steps to fail back</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-158">Before you initiate failback, ensure that you have completed reprotection of the virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-158">Before you initiate failback, ensure that you have completed reprotection of the virtual machines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-159">The virtual machines should be in a protected state, and their health should be **OK**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-159">The virtual machines should be in a protected state, and their health should be **OK**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-160">To reprotect the virtual machines, read [how to reprotect](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-160">To reprotect the virtual machines, read [how to reprotect](site-recovery-how-to-reprotect.md).</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-161">In the replicated items page, select the virtual machine, and right-click it to select **Unplanned Failover**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-161">In the replicated items page, select the virtual machine, and right-click it to select **Unplanned Failover**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-162">In **Confirm Failover**, verify the failover direction (from Azure), and then select the recovery point (latest, or the latest app consistent) that you want to use for the failover.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-162">In **Confirm Failover**, verify the failover direction (from Azure), and then select the recovery point (latest, or the latest app consistent) that you want to use for the failover.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-163">The app consistent point is behind the latest point in time and causes some data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-163">The app consistent point is behind the latest point in time and causes some data loss.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-164">During failover, Site Recovery shuts down the virtual machines on Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-164">During failover, Site Recovery shuts down the virtual machines on Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-165">After you check that failback has completed as expected, you can check that the virtual machines on Azure have been shut down.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-165">After you check that failback has completed as expected, you can check that the virtual machines on Azure have been shut down.</span></span>

### <a name="to-what-recovery-point-can-i-fail-back-the-virtual-machines"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-166">To what recovery point can I fail back the virtual machines?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-166">To what recovery point can I fail back the virtual machines?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-167">During failback, you have two options to fail back the virtual machine/recovery plan.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-167">During failback, you have two options to fail back the virtual machine/recovery plan.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-168">If you select the latest processed point in time, all virtual machines will be failed over to their latest available point in time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-168">If you select the latest processed point in time, all virtual machines will be failed over to their latest available point in time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-169">In case there is a replication group within the recovery plan, then each virtual machine of the replication group will fail over to its independent latest point in time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-169">In case there is a replication group within the recovery plan, then each virtual machine of the replication group will fail over to its independent latest point in time.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-170">You cannot fail back a virtual machine until it has at least one recovery point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-170">You cannot fail back a virtual machine until it has at least one recovery point.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-171">You cannot fail back a recovery plan until all its virtual machines have at least one recovery point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-171">You cannot fail back a recovery plan until all its virtual machines have at least one recovery point.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-172">A latest recovery point is a crash-consistent recovery point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-172">A latest recovery point is a crash-consistent recovery point.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-173">If you select the application consistent recovery point, a single virtual machine failback will recover to its latest available application-consistent recovery point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-173">If you select the application consistent recovery point, a single virtual machine failback will recover to its latest available application-consistent recovery point.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-174">In the case of a recovery plan with a replication group, each replication group will recover to its common available recovery point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-174">In the case of a recovery plan with a replication group, each replication group will recover to its common available recovery point.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-175">Note that application-consistent recovery points can be behind in time, and there might be loss in data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-175">Note that application-consistent recovery points can be behind in time, and there might be loss in data.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-176">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-176">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-177">After failback finishes, you need to commit the virtual machine to ensure that recovered virtual machines in Azure are deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-177">After failback finishes, you need to commit the virtual machine to ensure that recovered virtual machines in Azure are deleted.</span></span>

### <a name="commit"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-178">Commit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-178">Commit</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-179">Commit is required to remove the failed over virtual machine from Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-179">Commit is required to remove the failed over virtual machine from Azure.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-180">Right-click the protected item, and then click **Commit**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-180">Right-click the protected item, and then click **Commit**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-181">A job will remove the failed over virtual machines in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-181">A job will remove the failed over virtual machines in Azure.</span></span>

### <a name="reprotect-from-on-premises-to-azure"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-182">Reprotect from on-premises to Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-182">Reprotect from on-premises to Azure</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-183">After commit finishes, your virtual machine is back on the on-premises site, but it won’t be protected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-183">After commit finishes, your virtual machine is back on the on-premises site, but it won’t be protected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-184">To start to replicate to Azure again, do the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-184">To start to replicate to Azure again, do the following:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-185">In **Vault** > **Setting** > **Replicated items**, select the virtual machines that have failed back, and then click **Re-Protect**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-185">In **Vault** > **Setting** > **Replicated items**, select the virtual machines that have failed back, and then click **Re-Protect**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-186">Give the value of the process server that needs to be used to send data back to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-186">Give the value of the process server that needs to be used to send data back to Azure.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-187">Click **OK** to begin the reprotect job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-187">Click **OK** to begin the reprotect job.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-188">After an on-premises virtual machine boots up, it takes some time for the agent to register back to the configuration server (up to 15 minutes).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-188">After an on-premises virtual machine boots up, it takes some time for the agent to register back to the configuration server (up to 15 minutes).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-189">During this time, reprotect fails and returns an error message stating that the agent is not installed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-189">During this time, reprotect fails and returns an error message stating that the agent is not installed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-190">Wait for a few minutes, and then try reprotect again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-190">Wait for a few minutes, and then try reprotect again.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-191">After the reprotect job finishes, the virtual machine is replicating back to Azure, and you can do a failover.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-191">After the reprotect job finishes, the virtual machine is replicating back to Azure, and you can do a failover.</span></span>

## <a name="common-issues"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e29f-192">Common issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-192">Common issues</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1e29f-193">Make sure that the vCenter is in a connected state before you do a failback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-193">Make sure that the vCenter is in a connected state before you do a failback.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e29f-194">Otherwise, disconnecting disks and attaching them back to the virtual machine will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e29f-194">Otherwise, disconnecting disks and attaching them back to the virtual machine will fail.</span></span>
