---
title: Azure Government Overview | Microsoft Docs
description: 'This article provides an overview of the Azure Government Cloud capabilities and the trustworthy design and security used to support compliance applicable to federal, state, and local government organizations and their partners. '
services: azure-government
cloud: gov
documentationcenter: ''
author: ryansoc
manager: zakramer
ms.assetid: c579ece3-a46c-4cdc-b650-453fd36b211a
ms.service: azure-government
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: azure-government
ms.date: 11/14/2016
ms.author: ryansoc
ms.openlocfilehash: d0c12c1d8f3c3758d97315a186487fcd2c54c4f8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44669279"
---
# <a name="welcome-to-azure-government"></a><span data-ttu-id="140fa-103">Welcome to Azure Government</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-103">Welcome to Azure Government</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="140fa-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="140fa-105">Microsoft Azure Government delivers a cloud platform built upon the [foundational principles of security, privacy & control, compliance, and transparency](http://azure.com/gov).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-105">Microsoft Azure Government delivers a cloud platform built upon the [foundational principles of security, privacy & control, compliance, and transparency](http://azure.com/gov).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-106">Public Sector entities receive a physically isolated instance of Microsoft Azure that employs world-class security and [compliance services](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/compliance/) critical to U.S. government for all systems and applications built on its architecture.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-106">Public Sector entities receive a physically isolated instance of Microsoft Azure that employs world-class security and [compliance services](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/compliance/) critical to U.S. government for all systems and applications built on its architecture.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-107">These services include FedRAMP and DoD compliance certifications, CJIS state-level agreements, the ability to issue HIPAA Business Associate Agreements, and support for IRS 1075.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-107">These services include FedRAMP and DoD compliance certifications, CJIS state-level agreements, the ability to issue HIPAA Business Associate Agreements, and support for IRS 1075.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-108">Operated by screened U.S. persons, Azure Government supports multiple hybrid scenarios for building and deploying solutions on-premises or in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-108">Operated by screened U.S. persons, Azure Government supports multiple hybrid scenarios for building and deploying solutions on-premises or in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-109">Public Sector entities can also take advantage of the instant scalability and guaranteed uptime of a hyper-scale cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-109">Public Sector entities can also take advantage of the instant scalability and guaranteed uptime of a hyper-scale cloud service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="140fa-110">Azure Government includes the core components of Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-110">Azure Government includes the core components of Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="140fa-111">This includes infrastructure, network, storage, data management, identity management, and many other services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-111">This includes infrastructure, network, storage, data management, identity management, and many other services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="140fa-112">Azure Government supports most of the same great features that public Azure customers have leveraged like Geo-Synchronous data replication and auto scaling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-112">Azure Government supports most of the same great features that public Azure customers have leveraged like Geo-Synchronous data replication and auto scaling.</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="140fa-113">See the [regions page](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/#services) for the most up-to-date services that are generally available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-113">See the [regions page](https://azure.microsoft.com/regions/#services) for the most up-to-date services that are generally available.</span></span>
* [<span data-ttu-id="140fa-114">Sign up for a trial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-114">Sign up for a trial</span></span>](https://azuregov.microsoft.com/trial/azuregovtrial)

<span data-ttu-id="140fa-115">U.S. government organizations interested in cloud services can be confident that Azure Government provides enormous scale and rigorous security practices to meet their evolving needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-115">U.S. government organizations interested in cloud services can be confident that Azure Government provides enormous scale and rigorous security practices to meet their evolving needs.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-government-documentation"></a><span data-ttu-id="140fa-116">Azure Government Documentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-116">Azure Government Documentation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="140fa-117">This site describes the capabilities of [Microsoft Azure Government](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/gov/) services, and provides general guidance applicable to all customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-117">This site describes the capabilities of [Microsoft Azure Government](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/gov/) services, and provides general guidance applicable to all customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-118">Before including specifically regulated data in your Azure Government subscription, you should familiarize yourself with the Azure Government capabilities and consult your account team if you have any questions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-118">Before including specifically regulated data in your Azure Government subscription, you should familiarize yourself with the Azure Government capabilities and consult your account team if you have any questions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="140fa-119">You should refer to the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center Compliance Page](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/default.aspx) for current information on the Azure Government services covered under specific accreditations and regulations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-119">You should refer to the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center Compliance Page](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/default.aspx) for current information on the Azure Government services covered under specific accreditations and regulations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-120">Additional Microsoft services might also be available, but are not within the scope of the Azure Government covered services and are not addressed by this document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-120">Additional Microsoft services might also be available, but are not within the scope of the Azure Government covered services and are not addressed by this document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-121">Azure Government services might also permit you to use various additional resources, applications, or services that are provided by third parties—or by Microsoft under separate terms of use and privacy policies—which are not included in the scope of this document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-121">Azure Government services might also permit you to use various additional resources, applications, or services that are provided by third parties—or by Microsoft under separate terms of use and privacy policies—which are not included in the scope of this document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-122">You are responsible for reviewing the terms of all such “add-on” offerings, such as Marketplace offerings, to ensure that they meet your needs regarding compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-122">You are responsible for reviewing the terms of all such “add-on” offerings, such as Marketplace offerings, to ensure that they meet your needs regarding compliance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="140fa-123">Azure Government is available to entities that handle data that is subject to certain government regulations and requirements (such as NIST 800.171 (DIB), ITAR, IRS 1075, DoD L4, and CJIS) where use of Azure Government is required to comply with regulations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-123">Azure Government is available to entities that handle data that is subject to certain government regulations and requirements (such as NIST 800.171 (DIB), ITAR, IRS 1075, DoD L4, and CJIS) where use of Azure Government is required to comply with regulations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="140fa-124">Azure Government customers are subject to validation of eligibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-124">Azure Government customers are subject to validation of eligibility.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="140fa-125">Entities with questions about eligibility for Azure Government should consult their account team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-125">Entities with questions about eligibility for Azure Government should consult their account team.</span></span>

## <a name="general-guidance-for-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="140fa-126">General Guidance for Customers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-126">General Guidance for Customers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="140fa-127">Most of the technical content that is available currently assumes that applications are being developed for the Global Service rather than for Microsoft Azure Government, it’s important for you to ensure that developers are aware of key differences for applications developed to be hosted in Azure Government.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-127">Most of the technical content that is available currently assumes that applications are being developed for the Global Service rather than for Microsoft Azure Government, it’s important for you to ensure that developers are aware of key differences for applications developed to be hosted in Azure Government.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="140fa-128">First, there are services and feature differences, this means that certain features that are in specific regions of the Global Service may not be available in Azure Government.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-128">First, there are services and feature differences, this means that certain features that are in specific regions of the Global Service may not be available in Azure Government.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="140fa-129">Second, for features that are offered in Azure Government, there are configuration differences from the Global Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-129">Second, for features that are offered in Azure Government, there are configuration differences from the Global Service.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="140fa-130">Therefore, you should review your sample code, configurations, and steps to ensure that you are building and executing within the Azure Government Cloud Services environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-130">Therefore, you should review your sample code, configurations, and steps to ensure that you are building and executing within the Azure Government Cloud Services environment.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="140fa-131">Third, you should refer to the Azure Government Technical services documentation available from this site for information that identifies the Azure Government boundary and customer regulated/controlled data guidance and best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-131">Third, you should refer to the Azure Government Technical services documentation available from this site for information that identifies the Azure Government boundary and customer regulated/controlled data guidance and best practices.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="140fa-132">Next Steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-132">Next Steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="140fa-133">For supplemental information and updates, please subscribe to the <a href="https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregov/">Microsoft Azure Government Blog. </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-133">For supplemental information and updates, please subscribe to the <a href="https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregov/">Microsoft Azure Government Blog. </a></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="140fa-134">If you are interested in learning more and about Azure Government please use some of the links below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-134">If you are interested in learning more and about Azure Government please use some of the links below.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="140fa-135">**[Sign up for a trial](https://azuregov.microsoft.com/trial/azuregovtrial)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-135">**[Sign up for a trial](https://azuregov.microsoft.com/trial/azuregovtrial)**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="140fa-136">**[Acquiring and accessing Azure Government](http://azure.com/gov)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-136">**[Acquiring and accessing Azure Government](http://azure.com/gov)**</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="140fa-137">**[Microsoft Trust Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/compliance/)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="140fa-137">**[Microsoft Trust Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/compliance/)**</span></span>

