---
title: Azure Governmnet DoD Overview | Microsoft Docs
description: This provides a comparision of features and guidance on developing applications for Azure Government
services: azure-government
cloud: gov
documentationcenter: ''
author: ryansoc
manager: zakramer
ms.assetid: cba97199-851d-43ae-a75a-c601f3f81601
ms.service: azure-government
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: azure-government
ms.date: 01/12/2017
ms.author: ryansoc
ms.openlocfilehash: 22ab92728287168b411a780eebfa7f8347dfe7b8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44554740"
---
# <a name="department-of-defense-dod-in-azure-government"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-103">Department of Defense (DoD) in Azure Government</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-103">Department of Defense (DoD) in Azure Government</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-105">Azure Government is used by Department of Defense (DoD) entities to deploy a broad range of workloads and solutions, including those workloads covered by<a href="http://iasecontent.disa.mil/cloud/SRG/index.html"> The DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide, Version 1, Release 2</a> at Impact Level 4 (L4), and Impact Level 5 (L5).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-105">Azure Government is used by Department of Defense (DoD) entities to deploy a broad range of workloads and solutions, including those workloads covered by<a href="http://iasecontent.disa.mil/cloud/SRG/index.html"> The DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide, Version 1, Release 2</a> at Impact Level 4 (L4), and Impact Level 5 (L5).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-106">Azure Government is the first and only hyperscale commercial cloud service to be awarded an Information Impact Level 5 DoD Provisional Authorization by the Defense Information Systems Agency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-106">Azure Government is the first and only hyperscale commercial cloud service to be awarded an Information Impact Level 5 DoD Provisional Authorization by the Defense Information Systems Agency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-107">In addition, Azure Government regions dedicated to US Department of Defense customer workloads are now generally available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-107">In addition, Azure Government regions dedicated to US Department of Defense customer workloads are now generally available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-108">One of the key drivers for the DoD in moving to the cloud is to enable organizations to focus on their missions and minimize the distractions of building and managing in-house IT solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-108">One of the key drivers for the DoD in moving to the cloud is to enable organizations to focus on their missions and minimize the distractions of building and managing in-house IT solutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-109">Azure Government-based cloud architectures allow DoD personnel to focus on mission objectives, and managing IT commodity services such as SharePoint and other application workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-109">Azure Government-based cloud architectures allow DoD personnel to focus on mission objectives, and managing IT commodity services such as SharePoint and other application workloads.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-110">This allows for the realignment of critical IT resources to focus on application development, analytics, and cyber security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-110">This allows for the realignment of critical IT resources to focus on application development, analytics, and cyber security.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-111">The elasticity and flexibility delivered by Azure provides enormous benefits to DoD customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-111">The elasticity and flexibility delivered by Azure provides enormous benefits to DoD customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-112">It is simpler, quicker, and more cost-effective to scale-up a workload in the cloud than it is to go through traditional hardware and services procurement processes when working on-premises, or in DoD data centers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-112">It is simpler, quicker, and more cost-effective to scale-up a workload in the cloud than it is to go through traditional hardware and services procurement processes when working on-premises, or in DoD data centers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-113">For example, to procure new multi-server hardware, even for a test environment, may take many months, and require the approval of significant capital expenditure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-113">For example, to procure new multi-server hardware, even for a test environment, may take many months, and require the approval of significant capital expenditure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-114">By contrast, using Azure, a test migration for an existing workload can be configured in weeks or even days, and in a cost-effective manner (when the test is over, the environment can be torn down with no ongoing costs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-114">By contrast, using Azure, a test migration for an existing workload can be configured in weeks or even days, and in a cost-effective manner (when the test is over, the environment can be torn down with no ongoing costs).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-115">This flexibility is significant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-115">This flexibility is significant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-116">By moving to Azure, DoD customers do not just save money; the cloud delivers new opportunities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-116">By moving to Azure, DoD customers do not just save money; the cloud delivers new opportunities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-117">For example, it is easy to spin up a test environment to gain insights into new technologies, you can migrate an application and test it in Azure before committing to a production deployment in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-117">For example, it is easy to spin up a test environment to gain insights into new technologies, you can migrate an application and test it in Azure before committing to a production deployment in the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-118">Mission owners can explore more cost effective options easier, and without risk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-118">Mission owners can explore more cost effective options easier, and without risk.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-119">Security is another key area, and although any cloud deployment requires proper planning to ensure secure and reliable service delivery, in reality most properly configured cloud-based workloads (up to and including L4 workloads) in Azure Government will be more secure than many traditional deployments in DoD locations and data centers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-119">Security is another key area, and although any cloud deployment requires proper planning to ensure secure and reliable service delivery, in reality most properly configured cloud-based workloads (up to and including L4 workloads) in Azure Government will be more secure than many traditional deployments in DoD locations and data centers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-120">This is because defense agencies have the experience and expertise to physically secure all assets; however, the IT surface areas present different challenges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-120">This is because defense agencies have the experience and expertise to physically secure all assets; however, the IT surface areas present different challenges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-121">Cyber security is a rapidly changing space, requiring specialist skills and the ability to rapidly develop and deploy counter-measures as required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-121">Cyber security is a rapidly changing space, requiring specialist skills and the ability to rapidly develop and deploy counter-measures as required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-122">The Azure platform, both commercial and Government, now supports hundreds of thousands of customers, and this scale enables Microsoft to quickly detect evolving attack vectors, and then direct its resources onto rapid development and implementation of the appropriate defenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-122">The Azure platform, both commercial and Government, now supports hundreds of thousands of customers, and this scale enables Microsoft to quickly detect evolving attack vectors, and then direct its resources onto rapid development and implementation of the appropriate defenses.</span></span>

## <a name="dod-region-qa"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-123">DoD Region Q&A</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-123">DoD Region Q&A</span></span>

### <a name="what-are-the-azure-government-dod-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-124">What are the Azure Government DoD Regions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-124">What are the Azure Government DoD Regions?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-125">The US DoD East and US DoD Central regions are physically separated regions of Microsoft Azure architected to meet US Department of Defense (DoD) security requirements for cloud computing, specifically for data designated as DoD Impact Level 5 per the DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-125">The US DoD East and US DoD Central regions are physically separated regions of Microsoft Azure architected to meet US Department of Defense (DoD) security requirements for cloud computing, specifically for data designated as DoD Impact Level 5 per the DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG).</span></span>   

### <a name="what-is-the-difference-between-azure-government-and-the-azure-government-dod-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-126">What is the difference between Azure Government and the Azure Government DoD Regions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-126">What is the difference between Azure Government and the Azure Government DoD Regions?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-127">Azure Government is a US government community cloud providing services for Federal, State and Local government customers, tribal, entities subject to ITAR, and solution providers performing work on their behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-127">Azure Government is a US government community cloud providing services for Federal, State and Local government customers, tribal, entities subject to ITAR, and solution providers performing work on their behalf.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-128">All Azure Government regions are architected and operated to meet the security requirements for DoD Impact Level 5 data and FedRAMP High standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-128">All Azure Government regions are architected and operated to meet the security requirements for DoD Impact Level 5 data and FedRAMP High standards.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-129">The Azure Government DoD regions are architected to support the physical separation requirements for Impact Level 5 data by providing dedicated compute and storage infrastructure for the use of DoD customers only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-129">The Azure Government DoD regions are architected to support the physical separation requirements for Impact Level 5 data by providing dedicated compute and storage infrastructure for the use of DoD customers only.</span></span>  

#### <a name="what-is-the-difference-between-impact-level-4-and-impact-level-5-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-130">What is the difference between Impact Level 4 and Impact Level 5 data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-130">What is the difference between Impact Level 4 and Impact Level 5 data?</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-131">Impact Level 4 data is controlled unclassified information (CUI) that may include data subject to export control, privacy information protected health information and other data requiring explicit CUI designation (e.g. For Official Use Only, Law Enforcement Sensitive, Sensitive Security Information).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-131">Impact Level 4 data is controlled unclassified information (CUI) that may include data subject to export control, privacy information protected health information and other data requiring explicit CUI designation (e.g. For Official Use Only, Law Enforcement Sensitive, Sensitive Security Information).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-132">Impact Level 5 data includes controlled, unclassified information (CUI) that requires a higher level of protection as deemed necessary by the information owner, public law or government regulation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-132">Impact Level 5 data includes controlled, unclassified information (CUI) that requires a higher level of protection as deemed necessary by the information owner, public law or government regulation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-133">Impact Level 5 data is inclusive of unclassified National Security Systems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-133">Impact Level 5 data is inclusive of unclassified National Security Systems.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-134">More information on the SRG impact levels, their distinguishing requirements and characteristics is available in section 3 of the DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-134">More information on the SRG impact levels, their distinguishing requirements and characteristics is available in section 3 of the DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide.</span></span>  

### <a name="what-data-is-categorized-as-impact-level-5"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-135">What Data is categorized as Impact Level 5?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-135">What Data is categorized as Impact Level 5?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-136">Level 5 accommodates controlled unclassified information (CUI) that requires a higher level of protection than that afforded by Level 4 as deemed necessary by the information owner, public law, or other government regulations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-136">Level 5 accommodates controlled unclassified information (CUI) that requires a higher level of protection than that afforded by Level 4 as deemed necessary by the information owner, public law, or other government regulations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-137">Level 5 also supports unclassified National Security Systems (NSSs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-137">Level 5 also supports unclassified National Security Systems (NSSs).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-138">This level accommodates NSS and CUI information categorizations based on CNSSI-1253 up to moderate confidentiality and moderate integrity (M-M-x).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-138">This level accommodates NSS and CUI information categorizations based on CNSSI-1253 up to moderate confidentiality and moderate integrity (M-M-x).</span></span>

### <a name="what-is-microsoft-doing-differently-to-support-impact-level-5-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-139">What is Microsoft doing differently to support Impact Level 5 data?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-139">What is Microsoft doing differently to support Impact Level 5 data?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-140">Impact Level 5 data by definition can only be processed in a dedicated infrastructure that ensures physical separation of DoD customers from non-Federal government tenants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-140">Impact Level 5 data by definition can only be processed in a dedicated infrastructure that ensures physical separation of DoD customers from non-Federal government tenants.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-141">In delivering the US DoD East and US DoD Central regions, Microsoft is providing an exclusive service for DoD customers that meets an even higher bar than DoD’s stated requirements and exceeds the level of protection and capability offered by any other hyperscale commercial cloud solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-141">In delivering the US DoD East and US DoD Central regions, Microsoft is providing an exclusive service for DoD customers that meets an even higher bar than DoD’s stated requirements and exceeds the level of protection and capability offered by any other hyperscale commercial cloud solution.</span></span>

### <a name="do-these-regions-support-classified-data-requirements"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-142">Do these regions support classified data requirements?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-142">Do these regions support classified data requirements?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-143">These Azure Government DoD regions support only unclassified data up to and including Impact Level 5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-143">These Azure Government DoD regions support only unclassified data up to and including Impact Level 5.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-144">Impact Level 6 data is defined as classified information up to Secret.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-144">Impact Level 6 data is defined as classified information up to Secret.</span></span>

### <a name="what-organizations-in-the-dod-can-use-the-azure-government-dod-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-145">What organizations in the DoD can use the Azure Government DoD Regions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-145">What organizations in the DoD can use the Azure Government DoD Regions?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-146">The US DoD East and US DoD Central regions are built to support the US Department of Defense customer base.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-146">The US DoD East and US DoD Central regions are built to support the US Department of Defense customer base.</span></span><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-147">  This includes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-147">  This includes:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-148">The Office of the Secretary of Defense</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-148">The Office of the Secretary of Defense</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-149">The Joint Chiefs of Staff</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-149">The Joint Chiefs of Staff</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-150">The Joint Staff</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-150">The Joint Staff</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-151">The Defense Agencies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-151">The Defense Agencies</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-152">Department of Defense Field Activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-152">Department of Defense Field Activities</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-153">The Department of the Army</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-153">The Department of the Army</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-154">The Department of the Navy (including the United States Marine Corps)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-154">The Department of the Navy (including the United States Marine Corps)</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-155">The Department of the Air Force</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-155">The Department of the Air Force</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-156">The United States Coast Guard</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-156">The United States Coast Guard</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-157">The unified combatant commands</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-157">The unified combatant commands</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-158">Other offices, agencies, activities, and commands under the control or supervision of any approved entity named above</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-158">Other offices, agencies, activities, and commands under the control or supervision of any approved entity named above</span></span>

### <a name="are-the-dod-regions-more-secure"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-159">Are the DoD regions more secure?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-159">Are the DoD regions more secure?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-160">Microsoft operates all of its Azure datacenters and supporting infrastructure to comply with local and international standards for security and compliance – leading all commercial cloud platforms in compliance investment and achievements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-160">Microsoft operates all of its Azure datacenters and supporting infrastructure to comply with local and international standards for security and compliance – leading all commercial cloud platforms in compliance investment and achievements.</span></span><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-161">  These new DoD regions will provide specific assurances and commitments to meet the requirements defined in the DoD SRG for Cloud Computing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-161">  These new DoD regions will provide specific assurances and commitments to meet the requirements defined in the DoD SRG for Cloud Computing.</span></span>

### <a name="why-are-there-multiple-dod-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-162">Why are there multiple DoD regions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-162">Why are there multiple DoD regions?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-163">By having multiple DoD regions, Microsoft provides customers with the opportunity to architect their solutions for disaster recovery scenarios across regions to ensure business continuity and satisfy requirements for system accreditation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-163">By having multiple DoD regions, Microsoft provides customers with the opportunity to architect their solutions for disaster recovery scenarios across regions to ensure business continuity and satisfy requirements for system accreditation.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-164">In addition, customers may optimize performance by deploying solutions in the geography within closest proximity to their physical location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-164">In addition, customers may optimize performance by deploying solutions in the geography within closest proximity to their physical location.</span></span>

### <a name="are-these-dod-regions-connected-to-the-niprnet"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-165">Are these DoD regions connected to the NIPRNet?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-165">Are these DoD regions connected to the NIPRNet?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-166">The DoD mandates that commercial cloud services used for CUI must be connected to customers through a Cloud Access Point (CAP).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-166">The DoD mandates that commercial cloud services used for CUI must be connected to customers through a Cloud Access Point (CAP).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-167">Therefore, the Azure DoD regions are connected to the NIPRNet through redundant connections to multiple geographically distributed CAPs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-167">Therefore, the Azure DoD regions are connected to the NIPRNet through redundant connections to multiple geographically distributed CAPs.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-168">A DoD CAP is a system of network boundary protection and monitoring devices that offer protection to DoD information system network and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-168">A DoD CAP is a system of network boundary protection and monitoring devices that offer protection to DoD information system network and services.</span></span>

### <a name="what-does-general-availability-mean"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-169">What Does General Availability Mean?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-169">What Does General Availability Mean?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-170">General Availability means that the DoD regions in Azure Government may be used to support production workloads and that financially backed SLAs for all services deployed in the regions and also generally available will be supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-170">General Availability means that the DoD regions in Azure Government may be used to support production workloads and that financially backed SLAs for all services deployed in the regions and also generally available will be supported.</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-a-dod-customer-acquire-azure-government-dod-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-171">How does a DoD customer acquire Azure Government DoD services?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-171">How does a DoD customer acquire Azure Government DoD services?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-172">Azure Government DoD services may be purchased by qualified entities through the same reseller channels as Azure Government.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-172">Azure Government DoD services may be purchased by qualified entities through the same reseller channels as Azure Government.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-173">In keeping with Microsoft’s commitment to make cloud services acquisition planning and cost estimation simple, pricing for Azure Government DoD regions will be included in the Azure Pricing calculator at the time of general availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-173">In keeping with Microsoft’s commitment to make cloud services acquisition planning and cost estimation simple, pricing for Azure Government DoD regions will be included in the Azure Pricing calculator at the time of general availability.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-174">Azure Government DoD services can quickly scale up or down to match demand, so you only pay for what you use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-174">Azure Government DoD services can quickly scale up or down to match demand, so you only pay for what you use.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-175">No contractual modifications will be required for Enterprise Agreement customers already using Azure Government.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-175">No contractual modifications will be required for Enterprise Agreement customers already using Azure Government.</span></span>  

### <a name="how-are-the-dod-regions-priced"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-176">How are the DoD regions priced?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-176">How are the DoD regions priced?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-177">The DoD regions utilize region based pricing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-177">The DoD regions utilize region based pricing.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-178">This means that service costs for validated DoD customers will be based on the Azure Government region in which you run your workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-178">This means that service costs for validated DoD customers will be based on the Azure Government region in which you run your workloads.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-179">For more specific pricing information, please consultant your Microsoft Account Executive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-179">For more specific pricing information, please consultant your Microsoft Account Executive.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-180">Pricing for the DoD regions will be provided through the Azure.com calculator at a future date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-180">Pricing for the DoD regions will be provided through the Azure.com calculator at a future date.</span></span>

### <a name="how-does-a-dod-organization-get-validated-for-the-azure-government-dod-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-181">How does a DoD organization get validated for the Azure Government DoD regions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-181">How does a DoD organization get validated for the Azure Government DoD regions?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-182">In order to gain access to the Azure DoD regions, customers must complete a pre-qualification process for verifying their organization and intended use of the Azure DoD environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-182">In order to gain access to the Azure DoD regions, customers must complete a pre-qualification process for verifying their organization and intended use of the Azure DoD environment.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-183">After successful completion of the pre-qualification process, Microsoft will provide the organizational applicant with further instructions for creating a subscription, accessing the environment and providing role-based access control to other members of the organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-183">After successful completion of the pre-qualification process, Microsoft will provide the organizational applicant with further instructions for creating a subscription, accessing the environment and providing role-based access control to other members of the organization.</span></span>

### <a name="can-independent-software-vendors-and-solution-providers-building-on-azure-deploy-solutions-in-the-azure-government-dod-regions"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-184">Can independent software vendors and solution providers building on Azure deploy solutions in the Azure Government DoD regions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-184">Can independent software vendors and solution providers building on Azure deploy solutions in the Azure Government DoD regions?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-185">Solution providers with cloud service offerings built on Azure may operate DoD-only single tenant and multi-tenant solutions in the Azure Government DoD regions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-185">Solution providers with cloud service offerings built on Azure may operate DoD-only single tenant and multi-tenant solutions in the Azure Government DoD regions.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-186">These providers must first demonstrate eligibility by providing documented evidence of a contract with an approved DoD entity or have a sponsor letter from an approved DoD entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-186">These providers must first demonstrate eligibility by providing documented evidence of a contract with an approved DoD entity or have a sponsor letter from an approved DoD entity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-187">Providers offering services in the Azure Government DoD regions must include computer network defense, incident reporting and screened personnel for operating solutions handling Impact Level 5 information in their offering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-187">Providers offering services in the Azure Government DoD regions must include computer network defense, incident reporting and screened personnel for operating solutions handling Impact Level 5 information in their offering.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-188">Additional guidance for solution providers may be found in the DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-188">Additional guidance for solution providers may be found in the DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide.</span></span>

### <a name="will-office-365-or-microsoft-dynamics-365-be-a-part-of-this-offering"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-189">Will Office 365 or Microsoft Dynamics 365 be a part of this offering?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-189">Will Office 365 or Microsoft Dynamics 365 be a part of this offering?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-190">Microsoft is providing Office 365 services for the DoD at Impact Level 5 in conjunction with this offering.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-190">Microsoft is providing Office 365 services for the DoD at Impact Level 5 in conjunction with this offering.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-191">Dynamics 365 is planning to offer Impact Level 5 services from the Azure DoD regions at a future date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-191">Dynamics 365 is planning to offer Impact Level 5 services from the Azure DoD regions at a future date.</span></span>

### <a name="how-do-i-connect-to-the-dod-regions-once-i-have-a-subscription"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-192">How do I connect to the DoD Regions once I have a subscription?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-192">How do I connect to the DoD Regions once I have a subscription?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-193">The DoD regions for Azure Government are available through the Azure Government management portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-193">The DoD regions for Azure Government are available through the Azure Government management portal.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-194">DoD customers approved for use will see the regions listed as available options when deploying available services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-194">DoD customers approved for use will see the regions listed as available options when deploying available services.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-195">For general guidance on managing your Azure Government subscriptions please consult our documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-195">For general guidance on managing your Azure Government subscriptions please consult our documentation.</span></span>

### <a name="what-services-are-part-of-your-impact-level-5-accreditation-scope"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-196">What services are part of your Impact Level 5 accreditation scope?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-196">What services are part of your Impact Level 5 accreditation scope?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-197">Azure is an evergreen service where new services and capabilities are being added every week, the number of services in scope is regularly expanding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-197">Azure is an evergreen service where new services and capabilities are being added every week, the number of services in scope is regularly expanding.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-198">For the most up-to-date information, please visit our<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/DISA"> Microsoft Trust Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-198">For the most up-to-date information, please visit our<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/DISA"> Microsoft Trust Center.</span></span>

## <a name="Next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-199">Next steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-199">Next steps:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-200"><a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/DISA"> Microsoft Trust Center - DoD web page </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-200"><a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Compliance/DISA"> Microsoft Trust Center - DoD web page </a></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-201"><a href="http://iasecontent.disa.mil/cloud/SRG/index.html"> The DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide, Version 1, Release 2 </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-201"><a href="http://iasecontent.disa.mil/cloud/SRG/index.html"> The DoD Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide, Version 1, Release 2 </a></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-202"><a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/offers/azure-government/"> Azure Government Reseller Channels</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-202"><a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/offers/azure-government/"> Azure Government Reseller Channels</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5f6c5-203"><a href="https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregov/">Microsoft Azure Government Blog. </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5f6c5-203"><a href="https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azuregov/">Microsoft Azure Government Blog. </a></span></span>

