---
title: Azure Billing APIs | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about Azure Billing Usage and RateCard APIs, which are used to provide insights into Azure resource consumption and trends.
services: ''
documentationcenter: ''
author: tonguyen
manager: tonguyen
editor: ''
tags: billing
ms.assetid: 3e817b43-0696-400c-a02e-47b7817f9b77
ms.service: billing
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: billing
ms.date: 5/10/2018
ms.author: mobandyo
ms.openlocfilehash: 650fac6208adf8f904384454b2e66e26e45893f1
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44800428"
---
# <a name="use-azure-billing-apis-to-programmatically-get-insight-into-your-azure-usage"></a><span data-ttu-id="6631f-103">Use Azure Billing APIs to programmatically get insight into your Azure usage</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-103">Use Azure Billing APIs to programmatically get insight into your Azure usage</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6631f-104">Use Azure Billing APIs to pull usage and resource data into your preferred data analysis tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-104">Use Azure Billing APIs to pull usage and resource data into your preferred data analysis tools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-105">The Azure Resource Usage and RateCard APIs can help you accurately predict and manage your costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-105">The Azure Resource Usage and RateCard APIs can help you accurately predict and manage your costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-106">The APIs are implemented as a Resource Provider and part of the family of APIs exposed by the Azure Resource Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-106">The APIs are implemented as a Resource Provider and part of the family of APIs exposed by the Azure Resource Manager.</span></span>  

> [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> [<span data-ttu-id="6631f-107">Help improve Azure billing docs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-107">Help improve Azure billing docs</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2010091)

## <a name="azure-invoice-download-api-preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="6631f-108">Azure Invoice Download API (Preview)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-108">Azure Invoice Download API (Preview)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6631f-109">Once the [opt-in has been complete](billing-manage-access.md#opt-in), download invoices using the preview version of [Invoice API](/rest/api/billing).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-109">Once the [opt-in has been complete](billing-manage-access.md#opt-in), download invoices using the preview version of [Invoice API](/rest/api/billing).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-110">The features include:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-110">The features include:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-111">**Azure Role-based Access Control** - Configure access policies on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through [Azure PowerShell cmdlets](/powershell/azure/overview) to specify which users or applications can get access to the subscription’s usage data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-111">**Azure Role-based Access Control** - Configure access policies on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through [Azure PowerShell cmdlets](/powershell/azure/overview) to specify which users or applications can get access to the subscription’s usage data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-112">Callers must use standard Azure Active Directory tokens for authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-112">Callers must use standard Azure Active Directory tokens for authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-113">Add the caller to either the Billing Reader, Reader, Owner, or Contributor role to get access to the usage data for a specific Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-113">Add the caller to either the Billing Reader, Reader, Owner, or Contributor role to get access to the usage data for a specific Azure subscription.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-114">**Date Filtering** - Use the `$filter` parameter to get all the invoices in reverse chronological order by the invoice period end date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-114">**Date Filtering** - Use the `$filter` parameter to get all the invoices in reverse chronological order by the invoice period end date.</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-115">This feature is in first version of preview and may be subject to backward-incompatible changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-115">This feature is in first version of preview and may be subject to backward-incompatible changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-116">Currently, it's not available for certain subscription offers (EA, CSP, AIO not supported) and Azure Germany.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-116">Currently, it's not available for certain subscription offers (EA, CSP, AIO not supported) and Azure Germany.</span></span>

## <a name="azure-resource-usage-api-preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="6631f-117">Azure Resource Usage API (Preview)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-117">Azure Resource Usage API (Preview)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6631f-118">Use the Azure [Resource Usage API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt219003) to get your estimated Azure consumption data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-118">Use the Azure [Resource Usage API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt219003) to get your estimated Azure consumption data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-119">The API includes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-119">The API includes:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-120">**Azure Role-based Access Control** - Configure access policies on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through [Azure PowerShell cmdlets](/powershell/azure/overview) to specify which users or applications can get access to the subscription’s usage data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-120">**Azure Role-based Access Control** - Configure access policies on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through [Azure PowerShell cmdlets](/powershell/azure/overview) to specify which users or applications can get access to the subscription’s usage data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-121">Callers must use standard Azure Active Directory tokens for authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-121">Callers must use standard Azure Active Directory tokens for authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-122">Add the caller to either the Billing Reader, Reader, Owner, or Contributor role to get access to the usage data for a specific Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-122">Add the caller to either the Billing Reader, Reader, Owner, or Contributor role to get access to the usage data for a specific Azure subscription.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-123">**Hourly or Daily Aggregations** - Callers can specify whether they want their Azure usage data in hourly buckets or daily buckets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-123">**Hourly or Daily Aggregations** - Callers can specify whether they want their Azure usage data in hourly buckets or daily buckets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-124">The default is daily.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-124">The default is daily.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-125">**Instance metadata (includes resource tags)** – Get instance-level detail like the fully qualified resource uri (/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/..), the resource group information, and resource tags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-125">**Instance metadata (includes resource tags)** – Get instance-level detail like the fully qualified resource uri (/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/..), the resource group information, and resource tags.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-126">This metadata helps you deterministically and programmatically allocate usage by the tags, for use-cases like cross-charging.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-126">This metadata helps you deterministically and programmatically allocate usage by the tags, for use-cases like cross-charging.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-127">**Resource metadata** - Resource details such as the meter name, meter category, meter sub category, unit, and region give the caller a better understanding of what was consumed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-127">**Resource metadata** - Resource details such as the meter name, meter category, meter sub category, unit, and region give the caller a better understanding of what was consumed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-128">We're also working to align resource metadata terminology across the Azure portal, Azure usage CSV, EA billing CSV, and other public-facing experiences, to let you correlate data across experiences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-128">We're also working to align resource metadata terminology across the Azure portal, Azure usage CSV, EA billing CSV, and other public-facing experiences, to let you correlate data across experiences.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-129">**Usage for different offer types** – Usage data is available for offer types like Pay-as-you-go, MSDN, Monetary commitment, Monetary credit, and EA, except [CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-solution-provider/billing/azure-csp-invoice#retrieve-usage-data-for-a-specific-subscription).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-129">**Usage for different offer types** – Usage data is available for offer types like Pay-as-you-go, MSDN, Monetary commitment, Monetary credit, and EA, except [CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-solution-provider/billing/azure-csp-invoice#retrieve-usage-data-for-a-specific-subscription).</span></span>

## <a name="azure-resource-ratecard-api-preview"></a><span data-ttu-id="6631f-130">Azure Resource RateCard API (Preview)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-130">Azure Resource RateCard API (Preview)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6631f-131">Use the [Azure Resource RateCard API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt219005) to get the list of available Azure resources and estimated pricing information for each.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-131">Use the [Azure Resource RateCard API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt219005) to get the list of available Azure resources and estimated pricing information for each.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-132">The API includes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-132">The API includes:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-133">**Azure Role-based Access Control** - Configure your access policies on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through [Azure PowerShell cmdlets](/powershell/azure/overview) to specify which users or applications can get access to the RateCard data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-133">**Azure Role-based Access Control** - Configure your access policies on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or through [Azure PowerShell cmdlets](/powershell/azure/overview) to specify which users or applications can get access to the RateCard data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-134">Callers must use standard Azure Active Directory tokens for authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-134">Callers must use standard Azure Active Directory tokens for authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-135">Add the caller to either the Reader, Owner, or Contributor role to get access to the usage data for a particular Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-135">Add the caller to either the Reader, Owner, or Contributor role to get access to the usage data for a particular Azure subscription.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-136">**Support for Pay-as-you-go, MSDN, Monetary commitment, and Monetary credit offers (EA and [CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-solution-provider/billing/azure-csp-pricelist#get-prices-by-using-the-azure-rate-card) not supported)** - This API provides Azure offer-level rate information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-136">**Support for Pay-as-you-go, MSDN, Monetary commitment, and Monetary credit offers (EA and [CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-solution-provider/billing/azure-csp-pricelist#get-prices-by-using-the-azure-rate-card) not supported)** - This API provides Azure offer-level rate information.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="6631f-137">The caller of this API must pass in the offer information to get resource details and rates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-137">The caller of this API must pass in the offer information to get resource details and rates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-138">We're currently unable to provide EA rates because EA offers have customized rates per enrollment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-138">We're currently unable to provide EA rates because EA offers have customized rates per enrollment.</span></span> 

## <a name="scenarios"></a><span data-ttu-id="6631f-139">Scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-139">Scenarios</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6631f-140">Here are some of the scenarios that are made possible with the combination of the Usage and the RateCard APIs:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-140">Here are some of the scenarios that are made possible with the combination of the Usage and the RateCard APIs:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-141">**Azure spend during the month** - Use the combination of the Usage and RateCard APIs to get better insights into your cloud spend during the month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-141">**Azure spend during the month** - Use the combination of the Usage and RateCard APIs to get better insights into your cloud spend during the month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-142">You can analyze the hourly and daily buckets of usage and charge estimates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-142">You can analyze the hourly and daily buckets of usage and charge estimates.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-143">**Set up alerts** – Use the Usage and the RateCard APIs to get estimated cloud consumption and charges, and set up resource-based or monetary-based alerts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-143">**Set up alerts** – Use the Usage and the RateCard APIs to get estimated cloud consumption and charges, and set up resource-based or monetary-based alerts.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-144">**Predict bill** – Get your estimated consumption and cloud spend, and apply machine learning algorithms to predict what the bill would be at the end of the billing cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-144">**Predict bill** – Get your estimated consumption and cloud spend, and apply machine learning algorithms to predict what the bill would be at the end of the billing cycle.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-145">**Pre-consumption cost analysis** – Use the RateCard API to predict how much your bill would be for your expected usage when you move your workloads to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-145">**Pre-consumption cost analysis** – Use the RateCard API to predict how much your bill would be for your expected usage when you move your workloads to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-146">If you have existing workloads in other clouds or private clouds, you can also map your usage with the Azure rates to get a better estimate of Azure spend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-146">If you have existing workloads in other clouds or private clouds, you can also map your usage with the Azure rates to get a better estimate of Azure spend.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-147">This estimate gives you the ability to pivot on offer, and compare and contrast between the different offer types beyond Pay-As-You-Go, like Monetary commitment and Monetary credit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-147">This estimate gives you the ability to pivot on offer, and compare and contrast between the different offer types beyond Pay-As-You-Go, like Monetary commitment and Monetary credit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-148">The API also gives you the ability to see cost differences by region and allows you to do a what-if cost analysis to help you make deployment decisions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-148">The API also gives you the ability to see cost differences by region and allows you to do a what-if cost analysis to help you make deployment decisions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-149">**What-if analysis** -</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-149">**What-if analysis** -</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="6631f-150">You can determine whether it is more cost-effective to run workloads in another region, or on another configuration of the Azure resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-150">You can determine whether it is more cost-effective to run workloads in another region, or on another configuration of the Azure resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-151">Azure resource costs may differ based on the Azure region you're using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-151">Azure resource costs may differ based on the Azure region you're using.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="6631f-152">You can also determine if another Azure offer type gives a better rate on an Azure resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-152">You can also determine if another Azure offer type gives a better rate on an Azure resource.</span></span>
  
## <a name="partner-solutions"></a><span data-ttu-id="6631f-153">Partner solutions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-153">Partner solutions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6631f-154">[Cloud Cruiser and Microsoft Azure Billing API Integration](billing-usage-rate-card-partner-solution-cloudcruiser.md) describes how [Cloud Cruiser's Express for Azure Pack](http://www.cloudcruiser.com/partners/microsoft/) works directly from the Windows Azure Pack (WAP) portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-154">[Cloud Cruiser and Microsoft Azure Billing API Integration](billing-usage-rate-card-partner-solution-cloudcruiser.md) describes how [Cloud Cruiser's Express for Azure Pack](http://www.cloudcruiser.com/partners/microsoft/) works directly from the Windows Azure Pack (WAP) portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6631f-155">You can seamlessly manage both the operational and financial aspects of the Microsoft Azure private or hosted public cloud from a single user interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-155">You can seamlessly manage both the operational and financial aspects of the Microsoft Azure private or hosted public cloud from a single user interface.</span></span>   

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="6631f-156">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-156">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-157">Check out the code samples on GitHub:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-157">Check out the code samples on GitHub:</span></span>
  * [<span data-ttu-id="6631f-158">Invoice API code sample</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-158">Invoice API code sample</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=845124)

  * [<span data-ttu-id="6631f-159">Usage API code sample</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-159">Usage API code sample</span></span>](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/billing-dotnet-usage-api)

  * [<span data-ttu-id="6631f-160">RateCard API code sample</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-160">RateCard API code sample</span></span>](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/billing-dotnet-ratecard-api)

* <span data-ttu-id="6631f-161">To learn more about the Azure Resource Manager, see [Azure Resource Manager Overview](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6631f-161">To learn more about the Azure Resource Manager, see [Azure Resource Manager Overview](../azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md).</span></span> 



