---
title: Resource Manager and Service Management (classic) deployment modes | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn the differences between Resource Manager and classic deployment models.
services: virtual-network
documentationcenter: ''
author: telmosampaio
manager: carmonm
editor: ''
tags: azure-resource-manager,azure-service-management
redirect_url: ./azure-resource-manager/resource-manager-deployment-model
ms.assetid: 18a235d8-38ac-4886-9e56-b3855c73ffff
ms.service: virtual-network
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 02/11/2016
ms.author: telmos
ms.openlocfilehash: e3c8f61be72309354471451a33664c4b5497eb0e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553430"
---
# <a name="azure-deployment-models"></a><span data-ttu-id="79df8-103">Azure Deployment Models</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-103">Azure Deployment Models</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="79df8-104">The Azure platform is in transition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-104">The Azure platform is in transition.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79df8-105">Whether you're new to Azure or have been using it for years, it's important to understand some of the key changes we're making to the platform during this transition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-105">Whether you're new to Azure or have been using it for years, it's important to understand some of the key changes we're making to the platform during this transition.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79df8-106">All Azure resources support one or both of the following deployment models:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-106">All Azure resources support one or both of the following deployment models:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-107">**Resource Manager:** This is the newest deployment model for Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-107">**Resource Manager:** This is the newest deployment model for Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-108">Most newer resources already support this deployment model and eventually all resources will.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-108">Most newer resources already support this deployment model and eventually all resources will.</span></span>   
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-109">**Classic:** This model is supported by most existing Azure resources today.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-109">**Classic:** This model is supported by most existing Azure resources today.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-110">New resources added to Azure will not support this model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-110">New resources added to Azure will not support this model.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="79df8-111">The documentation for each Azure resource details which service models it can be created with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-111">The documentation for each Azure resource details which service models it can be created with.</span></span>

## <a name="why-does-this-matter"></a><span data-ttu-id="79df8-112">Why does this matter?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-112">Why does this matter?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="79df8-113">It matters for the following reasons:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-113">It matters for the following reasons:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-114">The Azure platform features that you use are different across these two models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-114">The Azure platform features that you use are different across these two models.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79df8-115">For example, resources created using the Resource Manager deployment model (or just Resource Manager) can be created with [Azure Resource Manager templates](azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md#template-deployment), whereas resources created with the Classic deployment model cannot.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-115">For example, resources created using the Resource Manager deployment model (or just Resource Manager) can be created with [Azure Resource Manager templates](azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md#template-deployment), whereas resources created with the Classic deployment model cannot.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-116">The individual Azure resource features or behaviors can be different across the two models, or only exist in one model or the other.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-116">The individual Azure resource features or behaviors can be different across the two models, or only exist in one model or the other.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79df8-117">For example, load balancing traffic across virtual machines created with the Classic deployment model is *implicit* because virtual machines are members of an Azure Cloud Service, and load is automatically balanced across virtual machines within a cloud service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-117">For example, load balancing traffic across virtual machines created with the Classic deployment model is *implicit* because virtual machines are members of an Azure Cloud Service, and load is automatically balanced across virtual machines within a cloud service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-118">Virtual machines created using Resource Manager are not members of a cloud service, and a separate Azure Load Balancer resource must be *explicitly* created to load balance traffic across multiple virtual machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-118">Virtual machines created using Resource Manager are not members of a cloud service, and a separate Azure Load Balancer resource must be *explicitly* created to load balance traffic across multiple virtual machines.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-119">How you create, configure, and manage your Azure resources is different between these two models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-119">How you create, configure, and manage your Azure resources is different between these two models.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-120">Resources created using one deployment model can't necessarily interoperate with resources created using a different deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-120">Resources created using one deployment model can't necessarily interoperate with resources created using a different deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-121">For example, Azure Virtual Machines created using one deployment model can only be connected to Azure Virtual Networks created using the same deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-121">For example, Azure Virtual Machines created using one deployment model can only be connected to Azure Virtual Networks created using the same deployment model.</span></span>    

<span data-ttu-id="79df8-122">Underlying each of the deployment models is an application programming interface (API) for each resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-122">Underlying each of the deployment models is an application programming interface (API) for each resource.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79df8-123">There's a [Resource Manager API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn948464.aspx) for the Resource Manager deployment model and a [Service Management API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee460799.aspx) for the Classic deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-123">There's a [Resource Manager API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn948464.aspx) for the Resource Manager deployment model and a [Service Management API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee460799.aspx) for the Classic deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-124">Developers can write code to interact with these APIs *directly*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-124">Developers can write code to interact with these APIs *directly*.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="79df8-125">IT pros however, typically interact with these APIs *indirectly* by using a graphical portal in a web browser, by using Azure PowerShell cmdlets on a Windows computer, or by using the Azure Command Line Interface (CLI) on either a Windows, OS X, or Linux computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-125">IT pros however, typically interact with these APIs *indirectly* by using a graphical portal in a web browser, by using Azure PowerShell cmdlets on a Windows computer, or by using the Azure Command Line Interface (CLI) on either a Windows, OS X, or Linux computer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-126">All three of these indirect methods used by the IT pro interact directly with the APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-126">All three of these indirect methods used by the IT pro interact directly with the APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-127">This means that when new functionality is introduced to the Azure platform or resources, it's always directly available through the API first, with the indirect methods gaining support for the new resources and features after the API is made available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-127">This means that when new functionality is introduced to the Azure platform or resources, it's always directly available through the API first, with the indirect methods gaining support for the new resources and features after the API is made available.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="79df8-128">The sections below explain how Azure resources are configured using the different deployment models through the three indirect methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-128">The sections below explain how Azure resources are configured using the different deployment models through the three indirect methods.</span></span>

## <a name="portals"></a><span data-ttu-id="79df8-129">Portals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-129">Portals</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="79df8-130">Azure has two portals:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-130">Azure has two portals:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-131">**[Azure portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com):** If you've been using Azure for a while, you've used this portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-131">**[Azure portal](https://manage.windowsazure.com):** If you've been using Azure for a while, you've used this portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-132">It is used to create and configure older Azure resources that support the classic deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-132">It is used to create and configure older Azure resources that support the classic deployment model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-133">You cannot use it to create or configure resources that only support Resource Manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-133">You cannot use it to create or configure resources that only support Resource Manager.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-134">**[Azure preview portal](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/preview-portal/):** If you're using a newer Azure resource, you've likely used this portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-134">**[Azure preview portal](https://azure.microsoft.com/overview/preview-portal/):** If you're using a newer Azure resource, you've likely used this portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-135">It can be used to create and configure some Azure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-135">It can be used to create and configure some Azure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-136">You'll eventually be able to create and configure all Azure resources with it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-136">You'll eventually be able to create and configure all Azure resources with it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-137">For some resources that support both deployment models, this portal can be used to create and configure a resource using either deployment model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-137">For some resources that support both deployment models, this portal can be used to create and configure a resource using either deployment model.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="79df8-138">Some resources and features can only be created and configured in one portal or the other.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-138">Some resources and features can only be created and configured in one portal or the other.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-139">Some resources or features can't (yet) be created or configured in either portal, and can only be configured with PowerShell, the CLI, or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-139">Some resources or features can't (yet) be created or configured in either portal, and can only be configured with PowerShell, the CLI, or both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-140">The documentation for each Azure resource details which method it can be created with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-140">The documentation for each Azure resource details which method it can be created with.</span></span> 

## <a name="powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="79df8-141">PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-141">PowerShell</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="79df8-142">With [PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs) you can use a command line or author scripts to create and configure Azure resources from a Windows computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-142">With [PowerShell](/powershell/azureps-cmdlets-docs) you can use a command line or author scripts to create and configure Azure resources from a Windows computer.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79df8-143">Individual Azure resources have [Resource Manager cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt125356.aspx), [Service Management cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn708504.aspx), or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-143">Individual Azure resources have [Resource Manager cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt125356.aspx), [Service Management cmdlets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn708504.aspx), or both.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79df8-144">Some resources and features can only be created and/or configured using PowerShell or the CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-144">Some resources and features can only be created and/or configured using PowerShell or the CLI.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-145">Depending on the resource, when using Resource Manager PowerShell cmdlets you may have two options for creating and configuring Azure resources:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-145">Depending on the resource, when using Resource Manager PowerShell cmdlets you may have two options for creating and configuring Azure resources:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-146">**PowerShell cmdlets only:** You can create and configure each Azure resource individually using the cmdlets for each resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-146">**PowerShell cmdlets only:** You can create and configure each Azure resource individually using the cmdlets for each resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-147">You can do this from a command line, or by including multiple commands in a PowerShell script that you can store and version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-147">You can do this from a command line, or by including multiple commands in a PowerShell script that you can store and version.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-148">**PowerShell cmdlets with an Azure Resource Manager template:** You can use PowerShell to create Azure resources using an Azure Resource Manager template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-148">**PowerShell cmdlets with an Azure Resource Manager template:** You can use PowerShell to create Azure resources using an Azure Resource Manager template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-149">Templates can be saved and versioned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-149">Templates can be saved and versioned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-150">Learn more by reading the [Deploy an application with Azure Resource Manager template](resource-group-template-deploy.md) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-150">Learn more by reading the [Deploy an application with Azure Resource Manager template](resource-group-template-deploy.md) article.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-151">Several [Azure Quickstart Templates](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/templates/) exist for common solutions that can be downloaded and modified too.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-151">Several [Azure Quickstart Templates](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/templates/) exist for common solutions that can be downloaded and modified too.</span></span>

## <a name="cli"></a><span data-ttu-id="79df8-152">CLI</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-152">CLI</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="79df8-153">You can create and configure Azure resources from Windows, OS X, or Linux computers using the CLI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-153">You can create and configure Azure resources from Windows, OS X, or Linux computers using the CLI.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="79df8-154">Read the [Install the Azure CLI](cli-install-nodejs.md) article to install the CLI on your operating system of choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-154">Read the [Install the Azure CLI](cli-install-nodejs.md) article to install the CLI on your operating system of choice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="79df8-155">Like PowerShell, there are different commands that must be used depending on whether you're creating resources using [Resource Manager](xplat-cli-azure-resource-manager.md) or the [Classic (Service Management)](virtual-machines/linux/classic/manage-visual-studio.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2fclassic%2ftoc.json) deployment models.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-155">Like PowerShell, there are different commands that must be used depending on whether you're creating resources using [Resource Manager](xplat-cli-azure-resource-manager.md) or the [Classic (Service Management)](virtual-machines/linux/classic/manage-visual-studio.md?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2flinux%2fclassic%2ftoc.json) deployment models.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="79df8-156">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-156">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-157">Learn more about [Resource Manager](azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-157">Learn more about [Resource Manager](azure-resource-manager/resource-group-overview.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="79df8-158">Understand how to [design templates](best-practices-resource-manager-design-templates.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="79df8-158">Understand how to [design templates](best-practices-resource-manager-design-templates.md).</span></span>

