---
title: Configuring and using the Storage Emulator with Visual Studio | Microsoft Docs
description: Configuring and using the Storage Emulator with Visual Studio
services: visual-studio-online
documentationcenter: na
author: TomArcher
manager: douge
editor: ''
ms.assetid: c8e7996f-6027-4762-806e-614b93131867
ms.service: storage
ms.devlang: multiple
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 11/18/2016
ms.author: tarcher
ms.openlocfilehash: 7a7a9b84a3624c527572bad33a34a4e5042965b8
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44552698"
---
# <a name="configuring-and-using-the-storage-emulator-with-visual-studio"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-103">Configuring and Using the Storage Emulator with Visual Studio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-103">Configuring and Using the Storage Emulator with Visual Studio</span></span>
[!INCLUDE [storage-try-azure-tools](../includes/storage-try-azure-tools.md)]

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-105">The Azure SDK development environment includes the storage emulator, a utility that simulates the Blob, Queue, and Table storage services available in Azure on your local development machine.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-105">The Azure SDK development environment includes the storage emulator, a utility that simulates the Blob, Queue, and Table storage services available in Azure on your local development machine.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-106">If you are building a cloud service that employs the Azure storage services, or writing any external application that calls the storage services, you can test your code locally against the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-106">If you are building a cloud service that employs the Azure storage services, or writing any external application that calls the storage services, you can test your code locally against the storage emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-107">The Azure Tools for Microsoft Visual Studio integrate management of the storage emulator into Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-107">The Azure Tools for Microsoft Visual Studio integrate management of the storage emulator into Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-108">The Azure Tools initialize the storage emulator database on first use, starts the storage emulator service when you run or debug your code from Visual Studio, and provides read-only access to the storage emulator data via the Azure Storage Explorer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-108">The Azure Tools initialize the storage emulator database on first use, starts the storage emulator service when you run or debug your code from Visual Studio, and provides read-only access to the storage emulator data via the Azure Storage Explorer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-109">For detailed information on the storage emulator, including system requirements and custom configuration instructions, see [Use the Azure Storage Emulator for Development and Testing](storage/storage-use-emulator.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-109">For detailed information on the storage emulator, including system requirements and custom configuration instructions, see [Use the Azure Storage Emulator for Development and Testing](storage/storage-use-emulator.md).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-110">There are some differences in functionality between the storage emulator simulation and the Azure storage services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-110">There are some differences in functionality between the storage emulator simulation and the Azure storage services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-111">See [Differences Between the Storage Emulator and Azure Storage Services](storage/storage-use-emulator.md) in the Azure SDK documentation for information on the specific differences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-111">See [Differences Between the Storage Emulator and Azure Storage Services](storage/storage-use-emulator.md) in the Azure SDK documentation for information on the specific differences.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="configuring-a-connection-string-for-the-storage-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-112">Configuring a connection string for the storage emulator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-112">Configuring a connection string for the storage emulator</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-113">To access the storage emulator from code within a role, you will want to configure a connection string that points to the storage emulator and that can later be changed to point to an Azure storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-113">To access the storage emulator from code within a role, you will want to configure a connection string that points to the storage emulator and that can later be changed to point to an Azure storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-114">A connection string is a configuration setting that your role can read at runtime to connect to a storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-114">A connection string is a configuration setting that your role can read at runtime to connect to a storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-115">For more information about how to create connection strings, see [Configuring the Azure Application](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/2da5d6ce-f74d-45a9-bf6b-b3a60c5ef74e#BK_SettingsPage).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-115">For more information about how to create connection strings, see [Configuring the Azure Application](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/2da5d6ce-f74d-45a9-bf6b-b3a60c5ef74e#BK_SettingsPage).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-116">You can return a reference to the storage emulator account from your code by using the **DevelopmentStorageAccount** property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-116">You can return a reference to the storage emulator account from your code by using the **DevelopmentStorageAccount** property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-117">This approach works correctly if you want to access the storage emulator from your code, but if you plan to publish your application to Azure, you will need to create a connection string to access your Azure storage account and modify your code to use that connection string before you publish it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-117">This approach works correctly if you want to access the storage emulator from your code, but if you plan to publish your application to Azure, you will need to create a connection string to access your Azure storage account and modify your code to use that connection string before you publish it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-118">If you are switching between the storage emulator account and an Azure storage account frequently, a connection string will simplify this process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-118">If you are switching between the storage emulator account and an Azure storage account frequently, a connection string will simplify this process.</span></span>
> 
> 

## <a name="initializing-and-running-the-storage-emulator"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-119">Initializing and running the storage emulator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-119">Initializing and running the storage emulator</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-120">You can specify that when you run or debug your service in Visual Studio, Visual Studio automatically launches the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-120">You can specify that when you run or debug your service in Visual Studio, Visual Studio automatically launches the storage emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-121">In Solution Explorer, open the shortcut menu for your **Azure** project and choose **Properties**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-121">In Solution Explorer, open the shortcut menu for your **Azure** project and choose **Properties**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-122">On the **Development** tab, in the **Start Azure Storage Emulator** list, choose **True** (if it isn't already set to that value).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-122">On the **Development** tab, in the **Start Azure Storage Emulator** list, choose **True** (if it isn't already set to that value).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-123">The first time you run or debug your service from Visual Studio, the storage emulator launches an initialization process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-123">The first time you run or debug your service from Visual Studio, the storage emulator launches an initialization process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-124">This process reserves local ports for the storage emulator and creates the storage emulator database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-124">This process reserves local ports for the storage emulator and creates the storage emulator database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-125">Once complete, this process does not need to run again unless the storage emulator database is deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-125">Once complete, this process does not need to run again unless the storage emulator database is deleted.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-126">Starting with the June 2012 release of the Azure Tools, the storage emulator runs, by default, in SQL Express LocalDB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-126">Starting with the June 2012 release of the Azure Tools, the storage emulator runs, by default, in SQL Express LocalDB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-127">In earlier releases of the Azure Tools, the storage emulator runs against a default instance of SQL Express 2005 or 2008, which you must install before you can install the Azure SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-127">In earlier releases of the Azure Tools, the storage emulator runs against a default instance of SQL Express 2005 or 2008, which you must install before you can install the Azure SDK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-128">You can also run the storage emulator against a named instance of SQL Express or a named or default instance of Microsoft SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-128">You can also run the storage emulator against a named instance of SQL Express or a named or default instance of Microsoft SQL Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-129">If you need to configure the storage emulator to run against an instance other than the default instance, see [Use the Azure Storage Emulator for Development and Testing](storage/storage-use-emulator.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-129">If you need to configure the storage emulator to run against an instance other than the default instance, see [Use the Azure Storage Emulator for Development and Testing](storage/storage-use-emulator.md).</span></span>
> 
> 

<span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-130">The storage emulator provides a user interface to view the status of the local storage services and to start, stop, and reset them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-130">The storage emulator provides a user interface to view the status of the local storage services and to start, stop, and reset them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-131">Once the storage emulator service has been started, you can display the user interface or start or stop the service by right-clicking the notification area icon for the Microsoft Azure Emulator in the Windows taskbar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-131">Once the storage emulator service has been started, you can display the user interface or start or stop the service by right-clicking the notification area icon for the Microsoft Azure Emulator in the Windows taskbar.</span></span>

## <a name="viewing-storage-emulator-data-in-server-explorer"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-132">Viewing storage emulator data in Server Explorer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-132">Viewing storage emulator data in Server Explorer</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-133">The Azure Storage node in Server Explorer enables you to view data and change settings for blob and table data in your storage accounts, including the storage emulator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-133">The Azure Storage node in Server Explorer enables you to view data and change settings for blob and table data in your storage accounts, including the storage emulator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8ac0-134">See [Browsing and Managing Storage Resources with Server Explorer](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ff683677.aspx) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8ac0-134">See [Browsing and Managing Storage Resources with Server Explorer](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ff683677.aspx) for more information.</span></span>

