---
title: How to upgrade projects to the current version of the Azure tools | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to upgrade an Azure project in Visual Studio to the current version of the Azure tools
services: visual-studio-online
documentationcenter: na
author: TomArcher
manager: douge
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 1d64070a-078d-468a-87f4-e6715de6475f
ms.service: multiple
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: multiple
ms.date: 11/18/2016
ms.author: tarcher
ms.openlocfilehash: 76bb954fa6b489d13469caafb45c161906db54fc
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44661199"
---
# <a name="how-to-upgrade-projects-to-the-current-version-of-the-azure-tools-for-visual-studio"></a><span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-103">How to upgrade projects to the current version of the Azure Tools for Visual Studio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-103">How to upgrade projects to the current version of the Azure Tools for Visual Studio</span></span>
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-104">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-104">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-105">After you install the current release of the Azure Tools (or a previous release that's newer than 1.6), any projects that were created by using a Azure Tools release before 1.6 (November 2011) will be automatically upgraded as soon as you open them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-105">After you install the current release of the Azure Tools (or a previous release that's newer than 1.6), any projects that were created by using a Azure Tools release before 1.6 (November 2011) will be automatically upgraded as soon as you open them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-106">If you created projects by using the 1.6 (November 2011) release of those tools and you still have that release installed, you can open those projects in the older release and decide later whether to upgrade them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-106">If you created projects by using the 1.6 (November 2011) release of those tools and you still have that release installed, you can open those projects in the older release and decide later whether to upgrade them.</span></span>

## <a name="how-your-project-changes-when-you-upgrade-it"></a><span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-107">How your project changes when you upgrade it</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-107">How your project changes when you upgrade it</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-108">If a project is automatically upgraded or you specify that you want to upgrade it, your project is modified to work with current versions of certain assemblies, and some properties are also changed as this section describes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-108">If a project is automatically upgraded or you specify that you want to upgrade it, your project is modified to work with current versions of certain assemblies, and some properties are also changed as this section describes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-109">If your project requires other changes to be compatible with the newer version of the tools, you must make those changes manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-109">If your project requires other changes to be compatible with the newer version of the tools, you must make those changes manually.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-110">The web.config file for web roles and the app.config file for worker roles are updated to reference the newer version of Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.DiagnosticMonitoirTraceListener.dll.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-110">The web.config file for web roles and the app.config file for worker roles are updated to reference the newer version of Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.DiagnosticMonitoirTraceListener.dll.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-111">The Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll, Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll, and Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll assemblies are upgraded to the new versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-111">The Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll, Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll, and Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll assemblies are upgraded to the new versions.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-112">Publish profiles that were stored in the Azure project file (.ccproj) are moved to a separate file, with the extension .azurePubXml, in the **Publish** subdirectory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-112">Publish profiles that were stored in the Azure project file (.ccproj) are moved to a separate file, with the extension .azurePubXml, in the **Publish** subdirectory.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-113">Some properties in the publish profile are updated to support new and changed features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-113">Some properties in the publish profile are updated to support new and changed features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-114">**AllowUpgrade** is replaced by **DeploymentReplacementMethod** because you can update a deployed cloud service simultaneously or incrementally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-114">**AllowUpgrade** is replaced by **DeploymentReplacementMethod** because you can update a deployed cloud service simultaneously or incrementally.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-115">The property **UseIISExpressByDefault** is added and set to false so that the web server that’s used for debugging won’t automatically change from Internet Information Services (IIS) to IIS Express.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-115">The property **UseIISExpressByDefault** is added and set to false so that the web server that’s used for debugging won’t automatically change from Internet Information Services (IIS) to IIS Express.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-116">IIS Express is the default web server for projects that are created with the newer releases of the tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-116">IIS Express is the default web server for projects that are created with the newer releases of the tools.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-117">If Azure Caching is hosted in one or more of your project’s roles, some properties in the service configuration (.cscfg file) and service definition (.csdef file) are changed when a project is upgraded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-117">If Azure Caching is hosted in one or more of your project’s roles, some properties in the service configuration (.cscfg file) and service definition (.csdef file) are changed when a project is upgraded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-118">If the project uses the Azure Caching NuGet package, the project is upgraded to the most recent version of the package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-118">If the project uses the Azure Caching NuGet package, the project is upgraded to the most recent version of the package.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-119">You should open the web.config file and verify that the client configuration was maintained properly during the upgrade process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-119">You should open the web.config file and verify that the client configuration was maintained properly during the upgrade process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-120">If you added the references to Azure Caching client assemblies without using the NuGet package, these assemblies won't be updated; you must manually update these references to the new versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-120">If you added the references to Azure Caching client assemblies without using the NuGet package, these assemblies won't be updated; you must manually update these references to the new versions.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-121">For F# projects, you must manually update references to Azure assemblies so that they reference the newer versions of those assemblies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-121">For F# projects, you must manually update references to Azure assemblies so that they reference the newer versions of those assemblies.</span></span>
> 
> 

### <a name="how-to-upgrade-an-azure-project-to-the-current-release"></a><span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-122">How to upgrade an Azure project to the current release</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-122">How to upgrade an Azure project to the current release</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-123">Install the current version of the Azure Tools into the installation of Visual Studio that you want to use for the upgraded project, and then open the project that you want to upgrade.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-123">Install the current version of the Azure Tools into the installation of Visual Studio that you want to use for the upgraded project, and then open the project that you want to upgrade.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-124">If the project was created with a Azure Tools release before 1.6 (November 2011), the project is automatically upgraded to the current version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-124">If the project was created with a Azure Tools release before 1.6 (November 2011), the project is automatically upgraded to the current version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-125">If the project was created with the November 2011 release and that release is still installed, the project opens in that release.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-125">If the project was created with the November 2011 release and that release is still installed, the project opens in that release.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-126">In Solution Explorer, open the shortcut menu for the project node, choose **Properties**, and then choose the **Application** tab of the dialog box that appears.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-126">In Solution Explorer, open the shortcut menu for the project node, choose **Properties**, and then choose the **Application** tab of the dialog box that appears.</span></span>
   
    <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-127">The **Application** tab shows the tools version that’s associated with the project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-127">The **Application** tab shows the tools version that’s associated with the project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-128">If the current version of Azure Tools appears, the project has already been upgraded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-128">If the current version of Azure Tools appears, the project has already been upgraded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-129">If you've installed a newer version of the tools than what the tab shows, an **Upgrade** button appears.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-129">If you've installed a newer version of the tools than what the tab shows, an **Upgrade** button appears.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-130">Choose the **Upgrade** button to upgrade a project to the current version of the tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-130">Choose the **Upgrade** button to upgrade a project to the current version of the tools.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-131">Build the project, and then address any errors that result from API changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-131">Build the project, and then address any errors that result from API changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bdd3c-132">For information about how to modify your code for the new version, see the documentation for the specific API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bdd3c-132">For information about how to modify your code for the new version, see the documentation for the specific API.</span></span>

