---
title: Disaster recovery scenarios for Azure VMs | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn what to do in the event that an Azure service disruption impacts Azure virtual machines.
services: virtual-machines
documentationcenter: ''
author: kmouss
manager: timlt
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 65272148-ff06-4bce-91f1-851d706d4d40
ms.service: virtual-machines
ms.workload: virtual-machines
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 05/16/2016
ms.author: kmouss;aglick
ms.custom: H1Hack27Feb2017
ms.openlocfilehash: b1fb88277f6da86c023cd63af0d7c2c5681f8be0
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553207"
---
# <a name="what-to-do-in-the-event-that-an-azure-service-disruption-impacts-azure-vms"></a><span data-ttu-id="7368e-103">What to do in the event that an Azure service disruption impacts Azure VMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-103">What to do in the event that an Azure service disruption impacts Azure VMs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7368e-104">At Microsoft, we work hard to make sure that our services are always available to you when you need them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-104">At Microsoft, we work hard to make sure that our services are always available to you when you need them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-105">Forces beyond our control sometimes impact us in ways that cause unplanned service disruptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-105">Forces beyond our control sometimes impact us in ways that cause unplanned service disruptions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-106">Microsoft provides a Service Level Agreement (SLA) for its services as a commitment for uptime and connectivity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-106">Microsoft provides a Service Level Agreement (SLA) for its services as a commitment for uptime and connectivity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-107">The SLA for individual Azure services can be found at [Azure Service Level Agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-107">The SLA for individual Azure services can be found at [Azure Service Level Agreements](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-108">Azure already has many built-in platform features that support highly available applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-108">Azure already has many built-in platform features that support highly available applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-109">For more about these services, read [Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications](../resiliency/resiliency-disaster-recovery-high-availability-azure-applications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-109">For more about these services, read [Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications](../resiliency/resiliency-disaster-recovery-high-availability-azure-applications.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-110">This article covers a true disaster recovery scenario, when a whole region experiences an outage due to major natural disaster or widespread service interruption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-110">This article covers a true disaster recovery scenario, when a whole region experiences an outage due to major natural disaster or widespread service interruption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-111">These are rare occurrences, but you must prepare for the possibility that there is an outage of an entire region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-111">These are rare occurrences, but you must prepare for the possibility that there is an outage of an entire region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-112">If an entire region experiences a service disruption, the locally redundant copies of your data would temporarily be unavailable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-112">If an entire region experiences a service disruption, the locally redundant copies of your data would temporarily be unavailable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-113">If you have enabled geo-replication, three additional copies of your Azure Storage blobs and tables are stored in a different region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-113">If you have enabled geo-replication, three additional copies of your Azure Storage blobs and tables are stored in a different region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-114">In the event of a complete regional outage or a disaster in which the primary region is not recoverable, Azure remaps all of the DNS entries to the geo-replicated region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-114">In the event of a complete regional outage or a disaster in which the primary region is not recoverable, Azure remaps all of the DNS entries to the geo-replicated region.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-115">Be aware that you do not have any control over this process, and it will only occur for region-wide service disruptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-115">Be aware that you do not have any control over this process, and it will only occur for region-wide service disruptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-116">Because of this, you must also rely on other application-specific backup strategies to achieve the highest level of availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-116">Because of this, you must also rely on other application-specific backup strategies to achieve the highest level of availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-117">For more information, see the section on [Data strategies for disaster recovery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/resiliency/disaster-recovery-azure-applications#data-strategies-for-disaster-recovery).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-117">For more information, see the section on [Data strategies for disaster recovery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/resiliency/disaster-recovery-azure-applications#data-strategies-for-disaster-recovery).</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-118">To help you handle these rare occurrences, we provide the following guidance for Azure virtual machines in the case of a service disruption of the entire region where your Azure virtual machine application is deployed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-118">To help you handle these rare occurrences, we provide the following guidance for Azure virtual machines in the case of a service disruption of the entire region where your Azure virtual machine application is deployed.</span></span>

## <a name="option-1-wait-for-recovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="7368e-119">Option 1: Wait for recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-119">Option 1: Wait for recovery</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7368e-120">In this case, no action on your part is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-120">In this case, no action on your part is required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-121">Know that we are working diligently to restore service availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-121">Know that we are working diligently to restore service availability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-122">You can see the current service status on our [Azure Service Health Dashboard](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-122">You can see the current service status on our [Azure Service Health Dashboard](https://azure.microsoft.com/status/).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-123">This is the best option if you have not set up Azure Site Recovery, virtual machine backup, read-access geo-redundant storage, or geo-redundant storage prior to the disruption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-123">This is the best option if you have not set up Azure Site Recovery, virtual machine backup, read-access geo-redundant storage, or geo-redundant storage prior to the disruption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-124">If you have set up geo-redundant storage or read-access geo-redundant storage for the storage account where your VM virtual hard drives (VHDs) are stored, you can look to recover the base image VHD and try to provision a new VM from it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-124">If you have set up geo-redundant storage or read-access geo-redundant storage for the storage account where your VM virtual hard drives (VHDs) are stored, you can look to recover the base image VHD and try to provision a new VM from it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-125">This is not a preferred option because there are no guarantees of synchronization of data unless Azure VM backup or Azure Site Recovery are used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-125">This is not a preferred option because there are no guarantees of synchronization of data unless Azure VM backup or Azure Site Recovery are used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-126">Consequently, this option is not guaranteed to work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-126">Consequently, this option is not guaranteed to work.</span></span>
>
>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-127">For customers who want immediate access to virtual machines, the following two options are available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-127">For customers who want immediate access to virtual machines, the following two options are available.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-128">Be aware that both of the following options have the possibility of some data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-128">Be aware that both of the following options have the possibility of some data loss.</span></span>     
>
>

## <a name="option-2-restore-a-vm-from-a-backup"></a><span data-ttu-id="7368e-129">Option 2: Restore a VM from a backup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-129">Option 2: Restore a VM from a backup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7368e-130">For customers who have configured a VM backup, you can restore the VM from its backup and recovery point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-130">For customers who have configured a VM backup, you can restore the VM from its backup and recovery point.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-131">To restore a new VM from Azure Backup, see [Restore virtual machines in Azure](../backup/backup-azure-restore-vms.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-131">To restore a new VM from Azure Backup, see [Restore virtual machines in Azure](../backup/backup-azure-restore-vms.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-132">To help you plan for your Azure virtual machines backup infrastructure, see [Plan your VM backup infrastructure in Azure](../backup/backup-azure-vms-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-132">To help you plan for your Azure virtual machines backup infrastructure, see [Plan your VM backup infrastructure in Azure](../backup/backup-azure-vms-introduction.md).</span></span>

## <a name="option-3-initiate-a-failover-by-using-azure-site-recovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="7368e-133">Option 3: Initiate a failover by using Azure Site Recovery</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-133">Option 3: Initiate a failover by using Azure Site Recovery</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7368e-134">If you have configured Azure Site Recovery to work with your impacted Azure virtual machines, you can restore your VMs from their replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-134">If you have configured Azure Site Recovery to work with your impacted Azure virtual machines, you can restore your VMs from their replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-135">These replicas can reside either on Azure or on premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-135">These replicas can reside either on Azure or on premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-136">In this case, you can create a new VM from its existing replica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-136">In this case, you can create a new VM from its existing replica.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-137">To restore your VMs from an Azure Site Recovery replica, see [Migrate Azure IaaS virtual machines between Azure regions with Azure Site Recovery](../site-recovery/site-recovery-migrate-azure-to-azure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-137">To restore your VMs from an Azure Site Recovery replica, see [Migrate Azure IaaS virtual machines between Azure regions with Azure Site Recovery](../site-recovery/site-recovery-migrate-azure-to-azure.md).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-138">Although Azure virtual machine operating system and data disks will be replicated to a secondary VHD, if they are in a geo-redundant storage or read-access geo-redundant storage account, each VHD is replicated independently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-138">Although Azure virtual machine operating system and data disks will be replicated to a secondary VHD, if they are in a geo-redundant storage or read-access geo-redundant storage account, each VHD is replicated independently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-139">This level of replication doesn’t guarantee consistency across the replicated VHDs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-139">This level of replication doesn’t guarantee consistency across the replicated VHDs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-140">If your application and/or databases that use these data disks have dependencies on each other, it is not guaranteed that all VHDs are replicated as one snapshot.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-140">If your application and/or databases that use these data disks have dependencies on each other, it is not guaranteed that all VHDs are replicated as one snapshot.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7368e-141">It is also not guaranteed that the VHD replica from geo-redundant storage or read-access geo-redundant storage will result in an application consistent snapshot to boot the VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-141">It is also not guaranteed that the VHD replica from geo-redundant storage or read-access geo-redundant storage will result in an application consistent snapshot to boot the VM.</span></span>
>
>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="7368e-142">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-142">Next steps</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7368e-143">To learn more about how to implement a disaster recovery and high availability strategy, see [Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications](../resiliency/resiliency-disaster-recovery-high-availability-azure-applications.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-143">To learn more about how to implement a disaster recovery and high availability strategy, see [Disaster recovery and high availability for Azure applications](../resiliency/resiliency-disaster-recovery-high-availability-azure-applications.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-144">To develop a detailed technical understanding of a cloud platform’s capabilities, see [Azure resiliency technical guidance](../resiliency/resiliency-technical-guidance.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-144">To develop a detailed technical understanding of a cloud platform’s capabilities, see [Azure resiliency technical guidance](../resiliency/resiliency-technical-guidance.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-145">To learn how to back up VMs, see [Back up Azure virtual machines](../backup/backup-azure-vms.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-145">To learn how to back up VMs, see [Back up Azure virtual machines](../backup/backup-azure-vms.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-146">Learn how to use Azure Site Recovery to orchestrate and automate protection of your physical (and virtual) Windows and Linux machines that run on VMWare and Hyper-V VMs, see [Azure Site Recovery](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/learning-paths/site-recovery/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-146">Learn how to use Azure Site Recovery to orchestrate and automate protection of your physical (and virtual) Windows and Linux machines that run on VMWare and Hyper-V VMs, see [Azure Site Recovery](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/learning-paths/site-recovery/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7368e-147">If the instructions are not clear, or if you would like Microsoft to do the operations on your behalf, contact [Customer Support](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7368e-147">If the instructions are not clear, or if you would like Microsoft to do the operations on your behalf, contact [Customer Support](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade).</span></span>
