---
title: Configure a Virtual Network and Gateway for ExpressRoute in the classic portal | Microsoft Docs
description: This article walks you through setting up a virtual network for ExpressRoute using the classic deployment model and the classic portal.
documentationcenter: na
services: expressroute
author: cherylmc
manager: carmonm
editor: ''
tags: azure-service-management
ms.assetid: 688817d9-51c8-4372-9af8-33fa098c7c5a
ms.service: expressroute
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 09/20/2016
ms.author: cherylmc
ms.openlocfilehash: 7a434acd469809275558db83889c116b9604e27d
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44564005"
---
# <a name="create-a-virtual-network-for-expressroute-in-the-classic-portal"></a><span data-ttu-id="733a4-103">Create a Virtual Network for ExpressRoute in the classic portal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-103">Create a Virtual Network for ExpressRoute in the classic portal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="733a4-104">The steps in this article will walk you through configuring a virtual network and a virtual network gateway for use with ExpressRoute using the classic deployment model and the classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-104">The steps in this article will walk you through configuring a virtual network and a virtual network gateway for use with ExpressRoute using the classic deployment model and the classic portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="733a4-105">If you are looking instructions for the Resource Manager deployment model, you can use the following articles: [Create a virtual network by using PowerShell](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-create-vnet-arm-ps.md) and [Add a VPN Gateway to a Resource Manager VNet for ExpressRoute](expressroute-howto-add-gateway-resource-manager.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-105">If you are looking instructions for the Resource Manager deployment model, you can use the following articles: [Create a virtual network by using PowerShell](../virtual-network/virtual-networks-create-vnet-arm-ps.md) and [Add a VPN Gateway to a Resource Manager VNet for ExpressRoute](expressroute-howto-add-gateway-resource-manager.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="733a4-106">**About Azure deployment models**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-106">**About Azure deployment models**</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [vpn-gateway-clasic-rm](../../includes/vpn-gateway-classic-rm-include.md)]

## <a name="create-a-classic-vnet-and-gateway"></a><span data-ttu-id="733a4-107">Create a classic VNet and gateway</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-107">Create a classic VNet and gateway</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="733a4-108">The following steps create a classic VNet and a virtual network gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-108">The following steps create a classic VNet and a virtual network gateway.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-109">If you already have a classic VNet, see the [Configure an existing classic VNet](#config) section in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-109">If you already have a classic VNet, see the [Configure an existing classic VNet](#config) section in this article.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-110">Log in to the [Azure classic portal](http://manage.windowsazure.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-110">Log in to the [Azure classic portal](http://manage.windowsazure.com).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-111">In the lower left-hand corner of the screen, click **New**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-111">In the lower left-hand corner of the screen, click **New**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-112">In the navigation pane, click **Network Services**, and then click **Virtual Network**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-112">In the navigation pane, click **Network Services**, and then click **Virtual Network**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-113">Click **Custom Create** to begin the configuration wizard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-113">Click **Custom Create** to begin the configuration wizard.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-114">On the **Virtual Network Details** page, enter the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-114">On the **Virtual Network Details** page, enter the following:</span></span>
   
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-115">**Name** – Name your virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-115">**Name** – Name your virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-116">You’ll use this virtual network name when you deploy your VMs and PaaS instances, so you may not want to make the name too complicated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-116">You’ll use this virtual network name when you deploy your VMs and PaaS instances, so you may not want to make the name too complicated.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-117">**Location** – The location is directly related to the physical location (region) where you want your resources (VMs) to reside.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-117">**Location** – The location is directly related to the physical location (region) where you want your resources (VMs) to reside.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-118">For example, if you want the VMs that you deploy to this virtual network to be physically located in East US, select that location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-118">For example, if you want the VMs that you deploy to this virtual network to be physically located in East US, select that location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-119">You can’t change the region associated with your virtual network after you create it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-119">You can’t change the region associated with your virtual network after you create it.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-120">On the **DNS Servers and VPN Connectivity** page, enter the following information, and then click the next arrow on the lower right.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-120">On the **DNS Servers and VPN Connectivity** page, enter the following information, and then click the next arrow on the lower right.</span></span> 
   
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-121">**DNS Servers** - Enter the DNS server name and IP address, or select a previously registered DNS server from the shortcut menu.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-121">**DNS Servers** - Enter the DNS server name and IP address, or select a previously registered DNS server from the shortcut menu.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-122">This setting does not create a DNS server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-122">This setting does not create a DNS server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-123">It allows you to specify the DNS servers that you want to use for name resolution for this virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-123">It allows you to specify the DNS servers that you want to use for name resolution for this virtual network.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-124">**Site-to-Site Connectivity** - Select the checkbox for **Configure a site-to-site VPN**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-124">**Site-to-Site Connectivity** - Select the checkbox for **Configure a site-to-site VPN**.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-125">**ExpressRoute** – Select the checkbox **Use ExpressRoute**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-125">**ExpressRoute** – Select the checkbox **Use ExpressRoute**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-126">This option only appears if you selected **Configure a Site-to-Site VPN**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-126">This option only appears if you selected **Configure a Site-to-Site VPN**.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-127">**Local Network** - You are required to have a local network site for ExpressRoute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-127">**Local Network** - You are required to have a local network site for ExpressRoute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-128">However, in the case of an ExpressRoute connection, the address prefixes specified for the local network site will be ignored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-128">However, in the case of an ExpressRoute connection, the address prefixes specified for the local network site will be ignored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-129">Instead, the address prefixes advertised to Microsoft through the ExpressRoute circuit will be used for routing purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-129">Instead, the address prefixes advertised to Microsoft through the ExpressRoute circuit will be used for routing purposes.</span></span><BR><span data-ttu-id="733a4-130">If you already have a local network created for your ExpressRoute connection, you can select it from the dropdown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-130">If you already have a local network created for your ExpressRoute connection, you can select it from the dropdown.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-131">If not, select **Specify a New Local Network**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-131">If not, select **Specify a New Local Network**.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-132">The **Site-to-Site Connectivity** page appears if you selected to specify a new local network in the previous step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-132">The **Site-to-Site Connectivity** page appears if you selected to specify a new local network in the previous step.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-133">To configure your local network, enter the following information and then click the next arrow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-133">To configure your local network, enter the following information and then click the next arrow.</span></span> 
   
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-134">**Name** - The name you want to call your local (on-premises) network site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-134">**Name** - The name you want to call your local (on-premises) network site.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-135">**Address space** - including Starting IP and CIDR (Address Count).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-135">**Address space** - including Starting IP and CIDR (Address Count).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-136">You can specify any address range as long as it doesn't overlap with the address range for your virtual network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-136">You can specify any address range as long as it doesn't overlap with the address range for your virtual network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-137">Typically, this would specify the address ranges for your on-premises networks, but in the case of ExpressRoute, these settings are not used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-137">Typically, this would specify the address ranges for your on-premises networks, but in the case of ExpressRoute, these settings are not used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-138">However, this setting is required in order to create the local network when you are using the classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-138">However, this setting is required in order to create the local network when you are using the classic portal.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-139">**Add address space** - This setting is not relevant for ExpressRoute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-139">**Add address space** - This setting is not relevant for ExpressRoute.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-140">On the **Virtual Network Address Spaces** page, enter the following information and then click the checkmark on the lower right to configure your network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-140">On the **Virtual Network Address Spaces** page, enter the following information and then click the checkmark on the lower right to configure your network.</span></span> 
   
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-141">**Address space** - including starting IP and address count.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-141">**Address space** - including starting IP and address count.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-142">Verify that the address spaces you specify don’t overlap any of the address spaces that you have on your local network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-142">Verify that the address spaces you specify don’t overlap any of the address spaces that you have on your local network.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-143">**Add subnet** - including Starting IP and Address Count.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-143">**Add subnet** - including Starting IP and Address Count.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-144">Additional subnets are not required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-144">Additional subnets are not required.</span></span>
   * <span data-ttu-id="733a4-145">**Add gateway subnet** - Click to add the gateway subnet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-145">**Add gateway subnet** - Click to add the gateway subnet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-146">The gateway subnet is used only for the virtual network gateway and is required for this configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-146">The gateway subnet is used only for the virtual network gateway and is required for this configuration.</span></span><BR><span data-ttu-id="733a4-147">The gateway subnet CIDR (address count) for ExpressRoute must be /28 or larger (/27, /26 etc.).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-147">The gateway subnet CIDR (address count) for ExpressRoute must be /28 or larger (/27, /26 etc.).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-148">This allows for enough IP addresses in that subnet to allow the configuration to work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-148">This allows for enough IP addresses in that subnet to allow the configuration to work.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-149">In the classic portal, if you have selected the checkbox to use ExpressRoute, the portal specifies a gateway subnet with /28.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-149">In the classic portal, if you have selected the checkbox to use ExpressRoute, the portal specifies a gateway subnet with /28.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="733a4-150">You can't adjust the CIDR address count in the classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-150">You can't adjust the CIDR address count in the classic portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-151">The gateway subnet will appear as **Gateway** in the classic portal, although the real name of the gateway subnet that is created is actually **GatewaySubnet**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-151">The gateway subnet will appear as **Gateway** in the classic portal, although the real name of the gateway subnet that is created is actually **GatewaySubnet**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-152">You can view this name by using PowerShell or in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-152">You can view this name by using PowerShell or in the Azure portal.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-153">Click the checkmark on the bottom of the page and your virtual network will begin to create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-153">Click the checkmark on the bottom of the page and your virtual network will begin to create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-154">When it completes, you will see **Created** listed under **Status** on the **Networks** page in the classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-154">When it completes, you will see **Created** listed under **Status** on the **Networks** page in the classic portal.</span></span>

## <a name="gw"></a><span data-ttu-id="733a4-155">Create the gateway</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-155">Create the gateway</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-156">On the **Networks** page, click the virtual network that you just created, then click **Dashboard** at the top of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-156">On the **Networks** page, click the virtual network that you just created, then click **Dashboard** at the top of the page.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-157">On the bottom of the **Dashboard** page, click **Create Gateway** and select **Dynamic Routing**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-157">On the bottom of the **Dashboard** page, click **Create Gateway** and select **Dynamic Routing**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-158">Click **Yes** to confirm that you want to create a gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-158">Click **Yes** to confirm that you want to create a gateway.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-159">When the gateway starts creating, you’ll see a message letting you know that the gateway has been started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-159">When the gateway starts creating, you’ll see a message letting you know that the gateway has been started.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-160">It may take up to 45 minutes for the gateway to create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-160">It may take up to 45 minutes for the gateway to create.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-161">Link your network to a circuit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-161">Link your network to a circuit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-162">Follow the instructions in the article [How to link VNets to ExpressRoute circuits](expressroute-howto-linkvnet-classic.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-162">Follow the instructions in the article [How to link VNets to ExpressRoute circuits](expressroute-howto-linkvnet-classic.md).</span></span>

## <a name="config"></a><span data-ttu-id="733a4-163">Configure an existing classic VNet for ExpressRoute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-163">Configure an existing classic VNet for ExpressRoute</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="733a4-164">If you already have a classic VNet, you can configure it to connect to ExpressRoute in the classic portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-164">If you already have a classic VNet, you can configure it to connect to ExpressRoute in the classic portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-165">The settings are the same as the sections above, so read through those sections to become familiar with the required settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-165">The settings are the same as the sections above, so read through those sections to become familiar with the required settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-166">If you want to create an ExpressRoute/Site-to-Site coexisting connection, see [this article](expressroute-howto-coexist-classic.md) for the steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-166">If you want to create an ExpressRoute/Site-to-Site coexisting connection, see [this article](expressroute-howto-coexist-classic.md) for the steps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-167">They are different than the steps in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-167">They are different than the steps in this article.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-168">You need to create the local network before you update the rest of your VNet settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-168">You need to create the local network before you update the rest of your VNet settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-169">To create a new local network, which is required when configuring ExpressRoute through the classic portal, click **New** **>** **Network Services** **>** **Virtual Network** **>** **Add local network**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-169">To create a new local network, which is required when configuring ExpressRoute through the classic portal, click **New** **>** **Network Services** **>** **Virtual Network** **>** **Add local network**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="733a4-170">Follow the wizard steps to create the local network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-170">Follow the wizard steps to create the local network.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-171">Use **Configure** page to update the rest of the settings for your VNet and to associate the VNet to the local network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-171">Use **Configure** page to update the rest of the settings for your VNet and to associate the VNet to the local network.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="733a4-172">After configuring the settings, go to the [Create the gateway](#gw) section of this article to create the gateway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-172">After configuring the settings, go to the [Create the gateway](#gw) section of this article to create the gateway.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="733a4-173">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-173">Next steps</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="733a4-174">If you want to add virtual machines to your virtual network, see [Virtual Machines learning paths](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/learning-paths/virtual-machines/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-174">If you want to add virtual machines to your virtual network, see [Virtual Machines learning paths](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/learning-paths/virtual-machines/).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="733a4-175">If you want to learn more about ExpressRoute, see the [ExpressRoute Overview](expressroute-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="733a4-175">If you want to learn more about ExpressRoute, see the [ExpressRoute Overview](expressroute-introduction.md).</span></span>

