---
title: Azure SQL Database Security Overview | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about Azure SQL Database and SQL Server security, including the differences between the cloud and SQL Server on-premises when it comes to authentication, authorization, connection security, encryption, and compliance.
services: sql-database
documentationcenter: ''
author: tmullaney
manager: jhubbard
editor: ''
ms.assetid: a012bb85-7fb4-4fde-a2fc-cf426c0a56bb
ms.service: sql-database
ms.custom: security-overview
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: data-management
ms.date: 02/01/2017
ms.author: thmullan;jackr
ms.openlocfilehash: 0efb58b7e15bdaa6caa754803fdc5dce9f68db1e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44553294"
---
# <a name="securing-your-sql-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-103">Securing your SQL Database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-103">Securing your SQL Database</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="fc457-104">This article walks through the basics of securing the data tier of an application using Azure SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-104">This article walks through the basics of securing the data tier of an application using Azure SQL Database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-105">In particular, this article will get you started with resources for protecting data, controlling access, and proactive monitoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-105">In particular, this article will get you started with resources for protecting data, controlling access, and proactive monitoring.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fc457-106">For a complete overview of security features available on all flavors of SQL, see the [Security Center for SQL Server Database Engine and Azure SQL Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bb510589).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-106">For a complete overview of security features available on all flavors of SQL, see the [Security Center for SQL Server Database Engine and Azure SQL Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bb510589).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-107">Additional information is also available in the [Security and Azure SQL Database technical white paper](https://download.microsoft.com/download/A/C/3/AC305059-2B3F-4B08-9952-34CDCA8115A9/Security_and_Azure_SQL_Database_White_paper.pdf) (PDF).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-107">Additional information is also available in the [Security and Azure SQL Database technical white paper](https://download.microsoft.com/download/A/C/3/AC305059-2B3F-4B08-9952-34CDCA8115A9/Security_and_Azure_SQL_Database_White_paper.pdf) (PDF).</span></span>

## <a name="protect-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-108">Protect data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-108">Protect data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-109">SQL Database secures you data by providing encryption for data in motion using [Transport Layer Security](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3135244), for data at rest using [Transparent Data Encryption](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=526242), and for data in use using [Always Encrypted](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt163865.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-109">SQL Database secures you data by providing encryption for data in motion using [Transport Layer Security](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/3135244), for data at rest using [Transparent Data Encryption](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=526242), and for data in use using [Always Encrypted](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt163865.aspx).</span></span> 

> [!IMPORTANT]
><span data-ttu-id="fc457-110">All connections to Azure SQL Database require encryption (SSL/TLS) at all times while data is "in transit" to and from the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-110">All connections to Azure SQL Database require encryption (SSL/TLS) at all times while data is "in transit" to and from the database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-111">In your application's connection string, you must specify parameters to encrypt the connection and *not* to trust the server certificate (this is done for you if you copy your connection string out of the Azure Classic Portal), otherwise the connection will not verify the identity of the server and will be susceptible to "man-in-the-middle" attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-111">In your application's connection string, you must specify parameters to encrypt the connection and *not* to trust the server certificate (this is done for you if you copy your connection string out of the Azure Classic Portal), otherwise the connection will not verify the identity of the server and will be susceptible to "man-in-the-middle" attacks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-112">For the ADO.NET driver, for instance, these connection string parameters are **Encrypt=True** and **TrustServerCertificate=False**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-112">For the ADO.NET driver, for instance, these connection string parameters are **Encrypt=True** and **TrustServerCertificate=False**.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="fc457-113">For other ways to encrypt your data, consider:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-113">For other ways to encrypt your data, consider:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fc457-114">[Cell-level encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms179331.aspx) to encrypt specific columns or even cells of data with different encryption keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-114">[Cell-level encryption](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms179331.aspx) to encrypt specific columns or even cells of data with different encryption keys.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="fc457-115">If you need a Hardware Security Module or central management of your encryption key hierarchy, consider using [Azure Key Vault with SQL Server in an Azure VM](http://blogs.technet.com/b/kv/archive/2015/01/12/using-the-key-vault-for-sql-server-encryption.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-115">If you need a Hardware Security Module or central management of your encryption key hierarchy, consider using [Azure Key Vault with SQL Server in an Azure VM](http://blogs.technet.com/b/kv/archive/2015/01/12/using-the-key-vault-for-sql-server-encryption.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="control-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-116">Control access</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-116">Control access</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-117">SQL Database secures your data by limiting access to your database using firewall rules, authentication mechanisms requiring users to prove their identity, and authorization to data through role-based memberships and permissions, as well as through row-level security and dynamic data masking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-117">SQL Database secures your data by limiting access to your database using firewall rules, authentication mechanisms requiring users to prove their identity, and authorization to data through role-based memberships and permissions, as well as through row-level security and dynamic data masking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-118">For a discussion of the use of access control features in SQL Database, see [Control access](sql-database-control-access.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-118">For a discussion of the use of access control features in SQL Database, see [Control access](sql-database-control-access.md).</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-119">Managing databases and logical servers within Azure is controlled by your portal user account's role assignments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-119">Managing databases and logical servers within Azure is controlled by your portal user account's role assignments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-120">For more information on this topic, see [Role-based access control in Azure Portal](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-120">For more information on this topic, see [Role-based access control in Azure Portal](../active-directory/role-based-access-control-configure.md).</span></span>
>

### <a name="firewall-and-firewall-rules"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-121">Firewall and firewall rules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-121">Firewall and firewall rules</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-122">To help protect your data, firewalls prevent all access to your database server until you specify which computers have permission using [firewall rules](sql-database-firewall-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-122">To help protect your data, firewalls prevent all access to your database server until you specify which computers have permission using [firewall rules](sql-database-firewall-configure.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-123">The firewall grants access to databases based on the originating IP address of each request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-123">The firewall grants access to databases based on the originating IP address of each request.</span></span>

### <a name="authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-124">Authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-124">Authentication</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-125">SQL database authentication refers to how you prove your identity when connecting to the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-125">SQL database authentication refers to how you prove your identity when connecting to the database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-126">SQL Database supports two types of authentication:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-126">SQL Database supports two types of authentication:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="fc457-127">**SQL Authentication**, which uses a username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-127">**SQL Authentication**, which uses a username and password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-128">When you created the logical server for your database, you specified a "server admin" login with a username and password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-128">When you created the logical server for your database, you specified a "server admin" login with a username and password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-129">Using these credentials, you can authenticate to any database on that server as the database owner, or "dbo."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-129">Using these credentials, you can authenticate to any database on that server as the database owner, or "dbo."</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="fc457-130">**Azure Active Directory Authentication**, which uses identities managed by Azure Active Directory and is supported for managed and integrated domains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-130">**Azure Active Directory Authentication**, which uses identities managed by Azure Active Directory and is supported for managed and integrated domains.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-131">Use Active Directory authentication (integrated security) [whenever possible](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms144284.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-131">Use Active Directory authentication (integrated security) [whenever possible](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms144284.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-132">If you want to use Azure Active Directory Authentication, you must create another server admin called the "Azure AD admin," which is allowed to administer Azure AD users and groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-132">If you want to use Azure Active Directory Authentication, you must create another server admin called the "Azure AD admin," which is allowed to administer Azure AD users and groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-133">This admin can also perform all operations that a regular server admin can.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-133">This admin can also perform all operations that a regular server admin can.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-134">See [Connecting to SQL Database By Using Azure Active Directory Authentication](sql-database-aad-authentication.md) for a walkthrough of how to create an Azure AD admin to enable Azure Active Directory Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-134">See [Connecting to SQL Database By Using Azure Active Directory Authentication](sql-database-aad-authentication.md) for a walkthrough of how to create an Azure AD admin to enable Azure Active Directory Authentication.</span></span>

### <a name="authorization"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-135">Authorization</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-135">Authorization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-136">Authorization refers to what a user can do within an Azure SQL Database, and this is controlled by your user account's database role memberships and object-level permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-136">Authorization refers to what a user can do within an Azure SQL Database, and this is controlled by your user account's database role memberships and object-level permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-137">As a best practice, you should grant users the least privileges necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-137">As a best practice, you should grant users the least privileges necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-138">The server admin account you are connecting with is a member of db_owner, which has authority to do anything within the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-138">The server admin account you are connecting with is a member of db_owner, which has authority to do anything within the database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-139">Save this account for deploying schema upgrades and other management operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-139">Save this account for deploying schema upgrades and other management operations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-140">Use the "ApplicationUser" account with more limited permissions to connect from your application to the database with the least privileges needed by your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-140">Use the "ApplicationUser" account with more limited permissions to connect from your application to the database with the least privileges needed by your application.</span></span>

### <a name="row-level-security"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-141">Row-level security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-141">Row-level security</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-142">Row-Level Security enables customers to control access to rows in a database table based on the characteristics of the user executing a query (e.g., group membership or execution context).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-142">Row-Level Security enables customers to control access to rows in a database table based on the characteristics of the user executing a query (e.g., group membership or execution context).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-143">For more information, see [Row-Level security](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn765131).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-143">For more information, see [Row-Level security](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn765131).</span></span>

### <a name="data-masking"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-144">Data masking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-144">Data masking</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-145">SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking limits sensitive data exposure by masking it to non-privileged users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-145">SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking limits sensitive data exposure by masking it to non-privileged users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-146">Dynamic Data Masking automatically discovers potentially sensitive data in Azure SQL Database and provides actionable recommendations to mask these fields, with minimal impact on the application layer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-146">Dynamic Data Masking automatically discovers potentially sensitive data in Azure SQL Database and provides actionable recommendations to mask these fields, with minimal impact on the application layer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-147">It works by obfuscating the sensitive data in the result set of a query over designated database fields, while the data in the database is not changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-147">It works by obfuscating the sensitive data in the result set of a query over designated database fields, while the data in the database is not changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-148">For more information, see [Get started with SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking](sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started.md) can be used to limit exposure of sensitive data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-148">For more information, see [Get started with SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking](sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started.md) can be used to limit exposure of sensitive data.</span></span>

## <a name="proactive-monitoring"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-149">Proactive monitoring</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-149">Proactive monitoring</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-150">SQL Database secures your data by providing auditing and threat detection capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-150">SQL Database secures your data by providing auditing and threat detection capabilities.</span></span> 

### <a name="auditing"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-151">Auditing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-151">Auditing</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-152">SQL Database Auditing tracks database activities and helps you to maintain regulatory compliance, by recording database events to an audit log in your Azure Storage account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-152">SQL Database Auditing tracks database activities and helps you to maintain regulatory compliance, by recording database events to an audit log in your Azure Storage account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-153">Auditing enables you to understand ongoing database activities, as well as analyze and investigate historical activity to identify potential threats or suspected abuse and security violations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-153">Auditing enables you to understand ongoing database activities, as well as analyze and investigate historical activity to identify potential threats or suspected abuse and security violations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-154">For additional information, see [Get started with SQL Database Auditing](sql-database-auditing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-154">For additional information, see [Get started with SQL Database Auditing](sql-database-auditing.md).</span></span>  

### <a name="threat-detection"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-155">Threat detection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-155">Threat detection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-156">Threat Detection complements auditing, by providing an additional layer of security intelligence built into the Azure SQL Database service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-156">Threat Detection complements auditing, by providing an additional layer of security intelligence built into the Azure SQL Database service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-157">It works around the clock to learn, profile and detect anomalous database activities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-157">It works around the clock to learn, profile and detect anomalous database activities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-158">You will be alerted about suspicious activities, potential vulnerabilities, SQL injection attacks and anomalous database access patterns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-158">You will be alerted about suspicious activities, potential vulnerabilities, SQL injection attacks and anomalous database access patterns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-159">You can respond to alerts by following the provided informative and actionable instructions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-159">You can respond to alerts by following the provided informative and actionable instructions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-160">For more information, see [Get started with SQL Database Threat Detection](sql-database-threat-detection.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-160">For more information, see [Get started with SQL Database Threat Detection](sql-database-threat-detection.md).</span></span>  
 
### <a name="data-masking"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-161">Data Masking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-161">Data Masking</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-162">SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking limits sensitive data exposure by masking it to non-privileged users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-162">SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking limits sensitive data exposure by masking it to non-privileged users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-163">Dynamic Data Masking automatically discovers potentially sensitive data in Azure SQL Database and provides actionable recommendations to mask these fields, with minimal impact on the application layer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-163">Dynamic Data Masking automatically discovers potentially sensitive data in Azure SQL Database and provides actionable recommendations to mask these fields, with minimal impact on the application layer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-164">It works by obfuscating the sensitive data in the result set of a query over designated database fields, while the data in the database is not changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-164">It works by obfuscating the sensitive data in the result set of a query over designated database fields, while the data in the database is not changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-165">For more information, see Get started with [SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking](sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-165">For more information, see Get started with [SQL Database Dynamic Data Masking](sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started.md)</span></span>
 
## <a name="compliance"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-166">Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-166">Compliance</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fc457-167">In addition to the above features and functionality that can help your application meet various security compliance requirements, Azure SQL Database also participates in regular audits and has been certified against a number of compliance standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-167">In addition to the above features and functionality that can help your application meet various security compliance requirements, Azure SQL Database also participates in regular audits and has been certified against a number of compliance standards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fc457-168">For more information, see the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/), where you can find the most current list of [SQL Database compliance certifications](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/services/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-168">For more information, see the [Microsoft Azure Trust Center](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/), where you can find the most current list of [SQL Database compliance certifications](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/trust-center/services/).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="fc457-169">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-169">Next steps</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="fc457-170">For a discussion of the use of access control features in SQL Database, see [Control access](sql-database-control-access.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-170">For a discussion of the use of access control features in SQL Database, see [Control access](sql-database-control-access.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="fc457-171">For a discussion of database auditing, see [SQL Database auditing](sql-database-auditing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-171">For a discussion of database auditing, see [SQL Database auditing](sql-database-auditing.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="fc457-172">For a discussion of threat detection, see [SQL Database threat detection](sql-database-threat-detection.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fc457-172">For a discussion of threat detection, see [SQL Database threat detection](sql-database-threat-detection.md).</span></span>
