---
title: Multi-Factor authentication - Azure SQL | Microsoft Docs
description: Use Multi-Factored Authentication with SSMS for SQL Database and SQL Data Warehouse.
services: sql-database
documentationcenter: ''
author: BYHAM
manager: jhubbard
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: fbd6e644-0520-439c-8304-2e4fb6d6eb91
ms.service: sql-database
ms.custom: security-access
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: data-management
ms.date: 04/07/2017
ms.author: rickbyh
ms.openlocfilehash: 4d3b6d81c8ca57332ba9306083fa47c0517981d4
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44562678"
---
# <a name="universal-authentication-with-sql-database-and-sql-data-warehouse-ssms-support-for-mfa"></a><span data-ttu-id="60a4e-103">Universal Authentication with SQL Database and SQL Data Warehouse (SSMS support for MFA)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-103">Universal Authentication with SQL Database and SQL Data Warehouse (SSMS support for MFA)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60a4e-104">Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Data Warehouse support connections from SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) using *Active Directory Universal Authentication*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-104">Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Data Warehouse support connections from SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) using *Active Directory Universal Authentication*.</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-105">Active Directory Universal Authentication supports the two non-interactive authentication methods (Active Directory Password Authentication and Active Directory Integrated Authentication).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-105">Active Directory Universal Authentication supports the two non-interactive authentication methods (Active Directory Password Authentication and Active Directory Integrated Authentication).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-106">Non-interactive Active Directory Password and Active Directory Integrated Authentication methods can be used in many different applications (ADO.NET, JDBC, ODBC, etc.).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-106">Non-interactive Active Directory Password and Active Directory Integrated Authentication methods can be used in many different applications (ADO.NET, JDBC, ODBC, etc.).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-107">These two methods never result in pop-up dialog boxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-107">These two methods never result in pop-up dialog boxes.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-108">Active Directory Universal Authentication is an interactive method that also supports *Azure Multi-Factor Authentication* (MFA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-108">Active Directory Universal Authentication is an interactive method that also supports *Azure Multi-Factor Authentication* (MFA).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-109">Azure MFA helps safeguard access to data and applications while meeting user demand for a simple sign-in process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-109">Azure MFA helps safeguard access to data and applications while meeting user demand for a simple sign-in process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-110">It delivers strong authentication with a range of easy verification options—phone call, text message, smart cards with pin, or mobile app notification—allowing users to choose the method they prefer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-110">It delivers strong authentication with a range of easy verification options—phone call, text message, smart cards with pin, or mobile app notification—allowing users to choose the method they prefer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-111">Interactive MFA with Azure AD can result in a pop-up dialog box for validation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-111">Interactive MFA with Azure AD can result in a pop-up dialog box for validation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60a4e-112">For a description of Multi-Factor Authentication, see [Multi-Factor Authentication](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-112">For a description of Multi-Factor Authentication, see [Multi-Factor Authentication](../multi-factor-authentication/multi-factor-authentication.md).</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="60a4e-113">For configuration steps, see [Configure Azure SQL Database multi-factor authentication for SQL Server Management Studio](sql-database-ssms-mfa-authentication-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-113">For configuration steps, see [Configure Azure SQL Database multi-factor authentication for SQL Server Management Studio](sql-database-ssms-mfa-authentication-configure.md).</span></span>

### <a name="azure-ad-domain-name-or-tenant-id-parameter"></a><span data-ttu-id="60a4e-114">Azure AD domain name or tenant ID parameter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-114">Azure AD domain name or tenant ID parameter</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="60a4e-115">Beginning with [SSMS version 17](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/ssms/download-sql-server-management-studio-ssms), users that are imported into the current Active Directory from other Azure Active Directories, can provide the Azure AD domain name, or tenant ID when they connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-115">Beginning with [SSMS version 17](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/ssms/download-sql-server-management-studio-ssms), users that are imported into the current Active Directory from other Azure Active Directories, can provide the Azure AD domain name, or tenant ID when they connect.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-116">This allows **Active Directory Universal Authentication** to identify the correct authenticating authority.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-116">This allows **Active Directory Universal Authentication** to identify the correct authenticating authority.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-117">This option is also required to support Microsoft accounts (MSA) such as outlook.com, hotmail.com or live.com.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-117">This option is also required to support Microsoft accounts (MSA) such as outlook.com, hotmail.com or live.com.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-118">All these users who want to be authenticated using Universal Authentication must enter their Azure AD domain name or tenant ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-118">All these users who want to be authenticated using Universal Authentication must enter their Azure AD domain name or tenant ID.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-119">This parameter represents the current Azure AD domain name/tenant ID the Azure Server is linked with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-119">This parameter represents the current Azure AD domain name/tenant ID the Azure Server is linked with.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-120">For example, if Azure Server is associated with Azure AD domain `contosotest.onmicrosoft.com` where user `joe@contosodev.onmicrosoft.com` is hosted as an imported user from Azure AD domain `contosodev.onmicrosoft.com`, the domain name required to authenticate this user is `contosotest.onmicrosoft.com`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-120">For example, if Azure Server is associated with Azure AD domain `contosotest.onmicrosoft.com` where user `joe@contosodev.onmicrosoft.com` is hosted as an imported user from Azure AD domain `contosodev.onmicrosoft.com`, the domain name required to authenticate this user is `contosotest.onmicrosoft.com`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-121">When the user is a native user of the Azure AD linked to Azure Server, and is not an MSA account, no domain name or tenant ID is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-121">When the user is a native user of the Azure AD linked to Azure Server, and is not an MSA account, no domain name or tenant ID is required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-122">To enter the parameter (beginning with SSMS version 17), in the **Connect to Database** dialog box, complete the dialog box, selecting **Active Directory Universal Authentication**, click **Options**, click the **Connection Properties** tab, check the **AD domain name or tenant ID** box, and provide authenticating authority, such as the domain name (**contosotest.onmicrosoft.com**) or the guid of the tenant ID.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-122">To enter the parameter (beginning with SSMS version 17), in the **Connect to Database** dialog box, complete the dialog box, selecting **Active Directory Universal Authentication**, click **Options**, click the **Connection Properties** tab, check the **AD domain name or tenant ID** box, and provide authenticating authority, such as the domain name (**contosotest.onmicrosoft.com**) or the guid of the tenant ID.</span></span>

## <a name="universal-authentication-limitations-for-sql-database-and-sql-data-warehouse"></a><span data-ttu-id="60a4e-123">Universal Authentication limitations for SQL Database and SQL Data Warehouse</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-123">Universal Authentication limitations for SQL Database and SQL Data Warehouse</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-124">SSMS is the only tool currently enabled for MFA through Active Directory Universal Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-124">SSMS is the only tool currently enabled for MFA through Active Directory Universal Authentication.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-125">Only a single Azure Active Directory account can log in for an instance of SSMS using Universal Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-125">Only a single Azure Active Directory account can log in for an instance of SSMS using Universal Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-126">To log in as another Azure AD account, you must use another instance of SSMS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-126">To log in as another Azure AD account, you must use another instance of SSMS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-127">(This restriction is limited to Active Directory Universal Authentication; you can log in to different servers using Active Directory Password Authentication, Active Directory Integrated Authentication, or SQL Server Authentication).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-127">(This restriction is limited to Active Directory Universal Authentication; you can log in to different servers using Active Directory Password Authentication, Active Directory Integrated Authentication, or SQL Server Authentication).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-128">SSMS supports Active Directory Universal Authentication for Object Explorer, Query Editor, and Query Store visualization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-128">SSMS supports Active Directory Universal Authentication for Object Explorer, Query Editor, and Query Store visualization.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-129">Neither DacFx nor the Schema Designer support Universal Authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-129">Neither DacFx nor the Schema Designer support Universal Authentication.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-130">There are no additional software requirements for Active Directory Universal Authentication except that you must use a supported version of SSMS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-130">There are no additional software requirements for Active Directory Universal Authentication except that you must use a supported version of SSMS.</span></span>


## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="60a4e-131">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-131">Next steps</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-132">For configuration steps, see [Configure Azure SQL Database multi-factor authentication for SQL Server Management Studio](sql-database-ssms-mfa-authentication-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-132">For configuration steps, see [Configure Azure SQL Database multi-factor authentication for SQL Server Management Studio](sql-database-ssms-mfa-authentication-configure.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="60a4e-133">Grant others access to your database: [SQL Database Authentication and Authorization: Granting Access](sql-database-manage-logins.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-133">Grant others access to your database: [SQL Database Authentication and Authorization: Granting Access](sql-database-manage-logins.md)</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="60a4e-134">Make sure others can connect through the firewall: [Configure an Azure SQL Database server-level firewall rule using the Azure portal](sql-database-configure-firewall-settings.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60a4e-134">Make sure others can connect through the firewall: [Configure an Azure SQL Database server-level firewall rule using the Azure portal](sql-database-configure-firewall-settings.md)</span></span>


