---
title: Azure SQL Database customer implementations-technical | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn technical details about customer implementatons of Azure SQL Database to solve business problems
services: sql-database
documentationcenter: ''
author: CarlRabeler
manager: jhubbard
editor: ''
ms.assetid: 00c8a713-f20c-4d6b-b8b7-0c1b9ba5f05b
ms.service: sql-database
ms.custom: customer implementations
ms.devlang: NA
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: NA
ms.workload: NA
ms.date: 03/03/2017
ms.author: carlrab
ms.openlocfilehash: b05b24bf9a14570b07c2c1ab3076835c7167b647
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550319"
---
# <a name="azure-sql-database-customer-implementation-technical-studies"></a><span data-ttu-id="07f9f-103">Azure SQL Database customer implementation technical studies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-103">Azure SQL Database customer implementation technical studies</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-104">[Daxko](sql-database-implementation-daxko.md): Daxko/CSI Software faced a challenge: its customer base of fitness and recreation centers was growing rapidly, thanks to the success of its comprehensive enterprise-software solution, but keeping up with the IT-infrastructure needs for that growing customer base was testing the company’s IT staff.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-104">[Daxko](sql-database-implementation-daxko.md): Daxko/CSI Software faced a challenge: its customer base of fitness and recreation centers was growing rapidly, thanks to the success of its comprehensive enterprise-software solution, but keeping up with the IT-infrastructure needs for that growing customer base was testing the company’s IT staff.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-105">The company was increasingly constrained by rising operations overhead, particularly for managing its growing databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-105">The company was increasingly constrained by rising operations overhead, particularly for managing its growing databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-106">Worse, that operations overhead was cutting into development resources for new initiatives, like new mobility features for the company’s software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-106">Worse, that operations overhead was cutting into development resources for new initiatives, like new mobility features for the company’s software.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-107">[GEP](sql-database-implementation-gep.md): GEP delivers software and services that enable procurement leaders around the world to maximize their impact on their businesses’ operations, strategies, and financial performances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-107">[GEP](sql-database-implementation-gep.md): GEP delivers software and services that enable procurement leaders around the world to maximize their impact on their businesses’ operations, strategies, and financial performances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-108">In addition to consulting and managed services, the company offers SMART by GEP®, a cloud-based, comprehensive procurement-software platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-108">In addition to consulting and managed services, the company offers SMART by GEP®, a cloud-based, comprehensive procurement-software platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-109">However, GEP ran into limitations trying to support solutions like SMART by GEP with its own on-premises datacenters: the investments needed were steep and regulatory requirements in other countries would have made the necessary investments more daunting still.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-109">However, GEP ran into limitations trying to support solutions like SMART by GEP with its own on-premises datacenters: the investments needed were steep and regulatory requirements in other countries would have made the necessary investments more daunting still.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-110">By moving to the cloud, GEP has freed up IT resources, allowing it to worry less about IT operations and to focus more on developing new sources of value for its customers across the globe.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-110">By moving to the cloud, GEP has freed up IT resources, allowing it to worry less about IT operations and to focus more on developing new sources of value for its customers across the globe.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-111">[SnelStart](sql-database-implementation-snelstart.md): SnelStart makes popular financial- and business-management software for small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) in the Netherlands.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-111">[SnelStart](sql-database-implementation-snelstart.md): SnelStart makes popular financial- and business-management software for small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) in the Netherlands.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-112">Its 55,000 customers are serviced by a staff of 110 employees, including an IT staff of 35.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-112">Its 55,000 customers are serviced by a staff of 110 employees, including an IT staff of 35.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-113">By moving from desktop software to a software-as-a-service (SaaS) offering built on Azure, SnelStart made the most of built-in services, automating management using familiar environment in C#, and optimizing performance and scalability by neither over- or under-provisioning businesses using elastic pools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-113">By moving from desktop software to a software-as-a-service (SaaS) offering built on Azure, SnelStart made the most of built-in services, automating management using familiar environment in C#, and optimizing performance and scalability by neither over- or under-provisioning businesses using elastic pools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-114">Using Azure provides SnelStart the fluidity of moving customers between on-premises and the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-114">Using Azure provides SnelStart the fluidity of moving customers between on-premises and the cloud.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-115">[Umbraco](sql-database-implementation-umbraco.md): To simplify customer deployments, Umbraco added Umbraco-as-a-Service (UaaS): a software-as-a-service (SaaS) offering that eliminates the need for on-premises deployments, provides built-in scaling, and removes management overhead by enabling developers to focus on product innovation rather than solution management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-115">[Umbraco](sql-database-implementation-umbraco.md): To simplify customer deployments, Umbraco added Umbraco-as-a-Service (UaaS): a software-as-a-service (SaaS) offering that eliminates the need for on-premises deployments, provides built-in scaling, and removes management overhead by enabling developers to focus on product innovation rather than solution management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="07f9f-116">Umbraco is able to provide all those benefits by relying on the flexible platform-as-a-service (PaaS) model offered by Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="07f9f-116">Umbraco is able to provide all those benefits by relying on the flexible platform-as-a-service (PaaS) model offered by Microsoft Azure.</span></span>