---
title: Azure SQL Database automatic, geo-redundant backups | Microsoft Docs
description: SQL Database automatically creates a local database backup every few minutes and uses Azure read-access geo-redundant storage for geo-redundancy.
services: sql-database
author: anosov1960
manager: craigg
ms.service: sql-database
ms.custom: business continuity
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.workload: Active
ms.date: 07/25/2018
ms.author: sashan
ms.reviewer: carlrab
ms.openlocfilehash: ce7c41730bec4e014225fb8c744d029493f5ec2c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44790593"
---
# <a name="learn-about-automatic-sql-database-backups"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-103">Learn about automatic SQL Database backups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-103">Learn about automatic SQL Database backups</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-104">SQL Database automatically creates database backups and uses Azure read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) to provide geo-redundancy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-104">SQL Database automatically creates database backups and uses Azure read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) to provide geo-redundancy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-105">These backups are created automatically and at no additional charge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-105">These backups are created automatically and at no additional charge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-106">You don't need to do anything to make them happen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-106">You don't need to do anything to make them happen.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-107">Database backups are an essential part of any business continuity and disaster recovery strategy because they protect your data from accidental corruption or deletion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-107">Database backups are an essential part of any business continuity and disaster recovery strategy because they protect your data from accidental corruption or deletion.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-108">If your security rules require that your backups are available for an extended period of time, you can configure a long-term backup retention policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-108">If your security rules require that your backups are available for an extended period of time, you can configure a long-term backup retention policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-109">For more information, see [Long-term retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-109">For more information, see [Long-term retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md).</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [GDPR-related guidance](../../includes/gdpr-intro-sentence.md)]

## <a name="what-is-a-sql-database-backup"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-110">What is a SQL Database backup?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-110">What is a SQL Database backup?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-111">SQL Database uses SQL Server technology to create [full](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms186289.aspx), [differential](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/backup-restore/differential-backups-sql-server), and [transaction log](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms191429.aspx) backups for the purposes of Point-in-time restore (PITR).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-111">SQL Database uses SQL Server technology to create [full](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms186289.aspx), [differential](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/backup-restore/differential-backups-sql-server), and [transaction log](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms191429.aspx) backups for the purposes of Point-in-time restore (PITR).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-112">The transaction log backups generally occur every 5 - 10 minutes and differential backups generally occur every 12 hours, with the frequency based on the performance level and amount of database activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-112">The transaction log backups generally occur every 5 - 10 minutes and differential backups generally occur every 12 hours, with the frequency based on the performance level and amount of database activity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-113">Transaction log backups, with full and differential backups, allow you to restore a database to a specific point-in-time to the same server that hosts the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-113">Transaction log backups, with full and differential backups, allow you to restore a database to a specific point-in-time to the same server that hosts the database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-114">The backups are stored in RA-GRS storage blobs that are replicated to a [paired data center](../best-practices-availability-paired-regions.md) for protection against a data center outage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-114">The backups are stored in RA-GRS storage blobs that are replicated to a [paired data center](../best-practices-availability-paired-regions.md) for protection against a data center outage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-115">When you restore a database, the service figures out which full, differential, and transaction log backups need to be restored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-115">When you restore a database, the service figures out which full, differential, and transaction log backups need to be restored.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="2062e-116">You can use these backups to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-116">You can use these backups to:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-117">Restore a database to a point-in-time within the retention period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-117">Restore a database to a point-in-time within the retention period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-118">This operation will create a new database in the same server as the original database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-118">This operation will create a new database in the same server as the original database.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-119">Restore a deleted database to the time it was deleted or any time within the retention period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-119">Restore a deleted database to the time it was deleted or any time within the retention period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-120">The deleted database can only be restored in the same server where the original database was created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-120">The deleted database can only be restored in the same server where the original database was created.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-121">Restore a database to another geographical region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-121">Restore a database to another geographical region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-122">This allows you to recover from a geographic disaster when you cannot access your server and database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-122">This allows you to recover from a geographic disaster when you cannot access your server and database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-123">It creates a new database in any existing server anywhere in the world.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-123">It creates a new database in any existing server anywhere in the world.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-124">Restore a database from a specific long-term backup if the database has been configured with a long-term retention policy (LTR).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-124">Restore a database from a specific long-term backup if the database has been configured with a long-term retention policy (LTR).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-125">This allows you to restore an old version of the database to satisfy a compliance request or to run an old version of the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-125">This allows you to restore an old version of the database to satisfy a compliance request or to run an old version of the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-126">See [Long-term retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-126">See [Long-term retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-127">To perform a restore, see [restore database from backups](sql-database-recovery-using-backups.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-127">To perform a restore, see [restore database from backups](sql-database-recovery-using-backups.md).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-128">In Azure storage, the term *replication* refers to copying files from one location to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-128">In Azure storage, the term *replication* refers to copying files from one location to another.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-129">SQL's *database replication* refers to keeping multiple secondary databases synchronized with a primary database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-129">SQL's *database replication* refers to keeping multiple secondary databases synchronized with a primary database.</span></span> 
> 

## <a name="how-long-are-backups-kept"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-130">How long are backups kept?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-130">How long are backups kept?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-131">Each SQL Database backup has a default retention period that is based on the service tier of the database, and differs between the  [DTU-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md) and the [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-131">Each SQL Database backup has a default retention period that is based on the service tier of the database, and differs between the  [DTU-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md) and the [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-132">You can update the backup retention period for a database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-132">You can update the backup retention period for a database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-133">See [Change Backup Retention Period](#how-to-change-backup-retention-period) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-133">See [Change Backup Retention Period](#how-to-change-backup-retention-period) for more details.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-134">If you delete a database, SQL Database will keep the backups in the same way it would for an online database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-134">If you delete a database, SQL Database will keep the backups in the same way it would for an online database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-135">For example, if you delete a Basic database that has a retention period of seven days, a backup that is four days old is saved for three more days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-135">For example, if you delete a Basic database that has a retention period of seven days, a backup that is four days old is saved for three more days.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-136">If you need to keep the backups for longer than the maximum PITR retention period, you can modify the backup properties to add one or more long-term retention periods to your database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-136">If you need to keep the backups for longer than the maximum PITR retention period, you can modify the backup properties to add one or more long-term retention periods to your database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-137">See [Long-term backup retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-137">See [Long-term backup retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md) for more details.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-138">If you delete the Azure SQL server that hosts SQL databases, all elastic pools and databases that belong to the server are also deleted and cannot be recovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-138">If you delete the Azure SQL server that hosts SQL databases, all elastic pools and databases that belong to the server are also deleted and cannot be recovered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-139">You cannot restore a deleted server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-139">You cannot restore a deleted server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-140">But if you configured long-term retention, the backups for the databases with LTR will not be deleted and these databases can be restored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-140">But if you configured long-term retention, the backups for the databases with LTR will not be deleted and these databases can be restored.</span></span>

### <a name="pitr-retention-period"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-141">PITR retention period</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-141">PITR retention period</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-142">The default retention period for a database created using the DTU-based purchasing model depends on the service tier:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-142">The default retention period for a database created using the DTU-based purchasing model depends on the service tier:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-143">Basic service tier is 1 week.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-143">Basic service tier is 1 week.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-144">Standard service tier is 5 weeks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-144">Standard service tier is 5 weeks.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="2062e-145">Premium service tier is 5 weeks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-145">Premium service tier is 5 weeks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-146">If you're using the [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md), the backups retention is configurable up to 35 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-146">If you're using the [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md), the backups retention is configurable up to 35 days.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-147">If you reduce the current PITR retention period, all existing backups older than the new retention period will no longer be available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-147">If you reduce the current PITR retention period, all existing backups older than the new retention period will no longer be available.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-148">If you increase the current PITR retention period, SQL Database will keep the existing backups until the longer retention period is reached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-148">If you increase the current PITR retention period, SQL Database will keep the existing backups until the longer retention period is reached.</span></span>

## <a name="how-often-do-backups-happen"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-149">How often do backups happen?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-149">How often do backups happen?</span></span>
### <a name="backups-for-point-in-time-restore"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-150">Backups for point-in-time restore</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-150">Backups for point-in-time restore</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-151">SQL Database supports self-service for point-in-time restore (PITR) by automatically creating full backup, differential backups, and transaction log backups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-151">SQL Database supports self-service for point-in-time restore (PITR) by automatically creating full backup, differential backups, and transaction log backups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-152">Full database backups are created weekly, differential database backups are generally created every 12 hours, and transaction log backups are generally created every 5 - 10 minutes, with the frequency based on the performance level and amount of database activity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-152">Full database backups are created weekly, differential database backups are generally created every 12 hours, and transaction log backups are generally created every 5 - 10 minutes, with the frequency based on the performance level and amount of database activity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-153">The first full backup is scheduled immediately after a database is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-153">The first full backup is scheduled immediately after a database is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-154">It usually completes within 30 minutes, but it can take longer when the database is of a significant size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-154">It usually completes within 30 minutes, but it can take longer when the database is of a significant size.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-155">For example, the initial backup can take longer on a restored database or a database copy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-155">For example, the initial backup can take longer on a restored database or a database copy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-156">After the first full backup, all further backups are scheduled automatically and managed silently in the background.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-156">After the first full backup, all further backups are scheduled automatically and managed silently in the background.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-157">The exact timing of all database backups is determined by the SQL Database service as it balances the overall system workload.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-157">The exact timing of all database backups is determined by the SQL Database service as it balances the overall system workload.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-158">The PITR backups are geo-redundant and protected by [Azure Storage cross-regional replication](../storage/common/storage-redundancy-grs.md#read-access-geo-redundant-storage)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-158">The PITR backups are geo-redundant and protected by [Azure Storage cross-regional replication](../storage/common/storage-redundancy-grs.md#read-access-geo-redundant-storage)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-159">For more information, see [Point-in-time restore](sql-database-recovery-using-backups.md#point-in-time-restore)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-159">For more information, see [Point-in-time restore](sql-database-recovery-using-backups.md#point-in-time-restore)</span></span>

### <a name="backups-for-long-term-retention"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-160">Backups for long-term retention</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-160">Backups for long-term retention</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-161">SQL Database offers the option of configuring long-term retention (LTR) of full backups for up to 10 years in Azure blob storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-161">SQL Database offers the option of configuring long-term retention (LTR) of full backups for up to 10 years in Azure blob storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-162">If LTR policy is enabled, the weekly full backups are automatically copied to a different RA-GRS storage container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-162">If LTR policy is enabled, the weekly full backups are automatically copied to a different RA-GRS storage container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-163">To meet different compliance requirement, you can select different retention periods for weekly, monthly and/or yearly backups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-163">To meet different compliance requirement, you can select different retention periods for weekly, monthly and/or yearly backups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-164">The storage consumption depends on the selected frequency of backups and the retention period(s).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-164">The storage consumption depends on the selected frequency of backups and the retention period(s).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-165">You can use the [LTR pricing calculator](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator/?service=sql-database) to estimate the cost of LTR storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-165">You can use the [LTR pricing calculator](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator/?service=sql-database) to estimate the cost of LTR storage.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-166">Like PITR, the LTR backups are geo-redundant and protected by [Azure Storage cross-regional replication](../storage/common/storage-redundancy-grs.md#read-access-geo-redundant-storage).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-166">Like PITR, the LTR backups are geo-redundant and protected by [Azure Storage cross-regional replication](../storage/common/storage-redundancy-grs.md#read-access-geo-redundant-storage).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-167">For more information, see [Long-term backup retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-167">For more information, see [Long-term backup retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md).</span></span>

## <a name="are-backups-encrypted"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-168">Are backups encrypted?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-168">Are backups encrypted?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-169">If your database is encrypted with TDE, the backups are automatically encrypted at rest, including LTR backups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-169">If your database is encrypted with TDE, the backups are automatically encrypted at rest, including LTR backups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-170">When TDE is enabled for an Azure SQL database, backups are also encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-170">When TDE is enabled for an Azure SQL database, backups are also encrypted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-171">All new Azure SQL databases are configured with TDE enabled by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-171">All new Azure SQL databases are configured with TDE enabled by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-172">For more information on TDE, see  [Transparent Data Encryption with Azure SQL Database](/sql/relational-databases/security/encryption/transparent-data-encryption-azure-sql).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-172">For more information on TDE, see  [Transparent Data Encryption with Azure SQL Database](/sql/relational-databases/security/encryption/transparent-data-encryption-azure-sql).</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-automated-backups-impact-my-compliance"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-173">How do automated backups impact my compliance?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-173">How do automated backups impact my compliance?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-174">When you migrate your database from a DTU-based service tier with the default PITR retention of 35 days, to a vCore-based service tier, the PITR retention is preserved to ensure that your application's data recovery policy is not compromised.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-174">When you migrate your database from a DTU-based service tier with the default PITR retention of 35 days, to a vCore-based service tier, the PITR retention is preserved to ensure that your application's data recovery policy is not compromised.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-175">If the default retention doesn't meet your compliance requirements, you can change the PITR retention period using PowerShell or REST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-175">If the default retention doesn't meet your compliance requirements, you can change the PITR retention period using PowerShell or REST API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-176">See [Change Backup Retention Period](#how-to-change-backup-retention-period) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-176">See [Change Backup Retention Period](#how-to-change-backup-retention-period) for more details.</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [GDPR-related guidance](../../includes/gdpr-intro-sentence.md)]

## <a name="how-to-change-backup-retention-period"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-177">How to change backup retention period</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-177">How to change backup retention period</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-178">You can change the default retention using REST API or PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-178">You can change the default retention using REST API or PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-179">The supported values are: 7, 14, 21, 28 or 35 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-179">The supported values are: 7, 14, 21, 28 or 35 days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-180">The following examples illustrate how to change PITR retention to 28 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-180">The following examples illustrate how to change PITR retention to 28 days.</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-181">Thes APIs will only impact the PITR retention period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-181">Thes APIs will only impact the PITR retention period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-182">If you configured LTR for your database, it will not be impacted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-182">If you configured LTR for your database, it will not be impacted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-183">See [Long-term backup retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md) for details of how to change the LTR retention period(s).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-183">See [Long-term backup retention](sql-database-long-term-retention.md) for details of how to change the LTR retention period(s).</span></span>

### <a name="change-pitr-backup-retention-period-using-powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-184">Change PITR backup retention period using PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-184">Change PITR backup retention period using PowerShell</span></span>
```powershell
Set-AzureRmSqlDatabaseBackupShortTermRetentionPolicy -ResourceGroupName resourceGroup -ServerName testserver -DatabaseName testDatabase -RetentionDays 28
```
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-185">This API is included in AzureRM.Sql PowerShell Module starting from version [4.7.0-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/AzureRM.Sql/4.7.0-preview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-185">This API is included in AzureRM.Sql PowerShell Module starting from version [4.7.0-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/AzureRM.Sql/4.7.0-preview).</span></span> 

### <a name="change-pitr-retention-period-using-rest-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-186">Change PITR retention period using REST API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-186">Change PITR retention period using REST API</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-187">**Sample Request**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-187">**Sample Request**</span></span>
```http
PUT https://management.azure.com/subscriptions/00000000-1111-2222-3333-444444444444/resourceGroups/resourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/testserver/databases/testDatabase/backupShortTermRetentionPolicies/default?api-version=2017-10-01-preview
```
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-188">**Request Body**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-188">**Request Body**</span></span>
```json
{
  "properties":{  
      "retentionDays":28
   }
}
```
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-189">**Sample Response**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-189">**Sample Response**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2062e-190">Status code: 200</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-190">Status code: 200</span></span>
```json
{
  "id": "/subscriptions/00000000-1111-2222-3333-444444444444/providers/Microsoft.Sql/resourceGroups/resourceGroup/servers/testserver/databases/testDatabase/backupShortTermRetentionPolicies/default",
  "name": "default",
  "type": "Microsoft.Sql/resourceGroups/servers/databases/backupShortTermRetentionPolicies",
  "properties": {
    "retentionDays": 28
  }
}
```
<span data-ttu-id="2062e-191">See [Backup Retention REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/sql/backupshorttermretentionpolicies) for more details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-191">See [Backup Retention REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/sql/backupshorttermretentionpolicies) for more details.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="2062e-192">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-192">Next steps</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="2062e-193">Database backups are an essential part of any business continuity and disaster recovery strategy because they protect your data from accidental corruption or deletion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-193">Database backups are an essential part of any business continuity and disaster recovery strategy because they protect your data from accidental corruption or deletion.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2062e-194">To learn about the other Azure SQL Database business continuity solutions, see [Business continuity overview](sql-database-business-continuity.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-194">To learn about the other Azure SQL Database business continuity solutions, see [Business continuity overview](sql-database-business-continuity.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="2062e-195">To restore to a point in time using the Azure portal, see [restore database to a point in time using the Azure portal](sql-database-recovery-using-backups.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-195">To restore to a point in time using the Azure portal, see [restore database to a point in time using the Azure portal](sql-database-recovery-using-backups.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="2062e-196">To restore to a point in time using PowerShell, see [restore database to a point in time using PowerShell](scripts/sql-database-restore-database-powershell.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-196">To restore to a point in time using PowerShell, see [restore database to a point in time using PowerShell](scripts/sql-database-restore-database-powershell.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="2062e-197">To configure, manage, and restore from long-term retention of automated backups in Azure blob storage using the Azure portal, see [Manage long-term backup retention using the Azure portal](sql-database-long-term-backup-retention-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-197">To configure, manage, and restore from long-term retention of automated backups in Azure blob storage using the Azure portal, see [Manage long-term backup retention using the Azure portal](sql-database-long-term-backup-retention-configure.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="2062e-198">To configure, manage, and restore from long-term retention of automated backups in Azure blog storage using PowerShell, see [Manage long-term backup retention using PowerShell](sql-database-long-term-backup-retention-configure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2062e-198">To configure, manage, and restore from long-term retention of automated backups in Azure blog storage using PowerShell, see [Manage long-term backup retention using PowerShell](sql-database-long-term-backup-retention-configure.md).</span></span>
