---
title: Using elastic database client library with Entity Framework | Microsoft Docs
description: Use Elastic Database client library and Entity Framework for coding databases
services: sql-database
documentationcenter: ''
manager: jhubbard
author: torsteng
editor: ''
ms.assetid: b9c3065b-cb92-41be-aa7f-deba23e7e159
ms.service: sql-database
ms.custom: multiple databases
ms.workload: sql-database
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 03/06/2017
ms.author: torsteng
ms.openlocfilehash: 857dcc4c853cc016d9954ba041477120982ffd0f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44670055"
---
# <a name="elastic-database-client-library-with-entity-framework"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-103">Elastic Database client library with Entity Framework</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-103">Elastic Database client library with Entity Framework</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-104">This document shows the changes in an Entity Framework application that are needed to integrate with the [Elastic Database tools](sql-database-elastic-scale-introduction.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-104">This document shows the changes in an Entity Framework application that are needed to integrate with the [Elastic Database tools](sql-database-elastic-scale-introduction.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-105">The focus is on composing [shard map management](sql-database-elastic-scale-shard-map-management.md) and [data-dependent routing](sql-database-elastic-scale-data-dependent-routing.md) with the Entity Framework **Code First** approach.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-105">The focus is on composing [shard map management](sql-database-elastic-scale-shard-map-management.md) and [data-dependent routing](sql-database-elastic-scale-data-dependent-routing.md) with the Entity Framework **Code First** approach.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-106">The [Code First - New Database](http://msdn.microsoft.com/data/jj193542.aspx) tutorial for EF serves as our running example throughout this document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-106">The [Code First - New Database](http://msdn.microsoft.com/data/jj193542.aspx) tutorial for EF serves as our running example throughout this document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-107">The sample code accompanying this document is part of elastic database tools' set of samples in the Visual Studio Code Samples.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-107">The sample code accompanying this document is part of elastic database tools' set of samples in the Visual Studio Code Samples.</span></span>

## <a name="downloading-and-running-the-sample-code"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-108">Downloading and Running the Sample Code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-108">Downloading and Running the Sample Code</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-109">To download the code for this article:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-109">To download the code for this article:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-110">Visual Studio 2012 or later is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-110">Visual Studio 2012 or later is required.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-111">Download the [Elastic DB Tools for Azure SQL - Entity Framework Integration sample](https://code.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsapps/Elastic-Scale-with-Azure-bae904ba) from MSDN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-111">Download the [Elastic DB Tools for Azure SQL - Entity Framework Integration sample](https://code.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsapps/Elastic-Scale-with-Azure-bae904ba) from MSDN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-112">Unzip the sample to a location of your choosing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-112">Unzip the sample to a location of your choosing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-113">Start Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-113">Start Visual Studio.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-114">In Visual Studio, select File -> Open Project/Solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-114">In Visual Studio, select File -> Open Project/Solution.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-115">In the **Open Project** dialog, navigate to the sample you downloaded and select **EntityFrameworkCodeFirst.sln** to open the sample.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-115">In the **Open Project** dialog, navigate to the sample you downloaded and select **EntityFrameworkCodeFirst.sln** to open the sample.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-116">To run the sample, you need to create three empty databases in Azure SQL Database:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-116">To run the sample, you need to create three empty databases in Azure SQL Database:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-117">Shard Map Manager database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-117">Shard Map Manager database</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-118">Shard 1 database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-118">Shard 1 database</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-119">Shard 2 database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-119">Shard 2 database</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-120">Once you have created these databases, fill in the place holders in **Program.cs** with your Azure SQL DB server name, the database names and your credentials to connect to the databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-120">Once you have created these databases, fill in the place holders in **Program.cs** with your Azure SQL DB server name, the database names and your credentials to connect to the databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-121">Build the solution in Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-121">Build the solution in Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-122">Visual Studio will download the required NuGet packages for the elastic database client library, Entity Framework, and Transient Fault handling as part of the build process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-122">Visual Studio will download the required NuGet packages for the elastic database client library, Entity Framework, and Transient Fault handling as part of the build process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-123">Make sure that restoring NuGet packages is enabled for your solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-123">Make sure that restoring NuGet packages is enabled for your solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-124">You can enable this setting by right-clicking on the solution file in the Visual Studio Solution Explorer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-124">You can enable this setting by right-clicking on the solution file in the Visual Studio Solution Explorer.</span></span> 

## <a name="entity-framework-workflows"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-125">Entity Framework workflows</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-125">Entity Framework workflows</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-126">Entity Framework developers rely on one of the following four workflows to build applications and to ensure persistence for application objects:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-126">Entity Framework developers rely on one of the following four workflows to build applications and to ensure persistence for application objects:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-127">**Code First (New Database)**: The EF developer creates the model in the application code and then EF generates the database from it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-127">**Code First (New Database)**: The EF developer creates the model in the application code and then EF generates the database from it.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-128">**Code First (Existing Database)**: The developer lets EF generate the application code for the model from an existing database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-128">**Code First (Existing Database)**: The developer lets EF generate the application code for the model from an existing database.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-129">**Model First**: The developer creates the model in the EF designer and then EF creates the database from the model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-129">**Model First**: The developer creates the model in the EF designer and then EF creates the database from the model.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-130">**Database First**: The developer uses EF tooling to infer the model from an existing database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-130">**Database First**: The developer uses EF tooling to infer the model from an existing database.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-131">All these approaches rely on the DbContext class to transparently manage database connections and database schema for an application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-131">All these approaches rely on the DbContext class to transparently manage database connections and database schema for an application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-132">As we will discuss in more detail later in the document, different constructors on the DbContext base class allow for different levels of control over connection creation, database bootstrapping and schema creation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-132">As we will discuss in more detail later in the document, different constructors on the DbContext base class allow for different levels of control over connection creation, database bootstrapping and schema creation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-133">Challenges arise primarily from the fact that the database connection management provided by EF intersects with the connection management capabilities of the data dependent routing interfaces provided by the elastic database client library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-133">Challenges arise primarily from the fact that the database connection management provided by EF intersects with the connection management capabilities of the data dependent routing interfaces provided by the elastic database client library.</span></span> 

## <a name="elastic-database-tools-assumptions"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-134">Elastic database tools assumptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-134">Elastic database tools assumptions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-135">For term definitions, see [Elastic Database tools glossary](sql-database-elastic-scale-glossary.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-135">For term definitions, see [Elastic Database tools glossary](sql-database-elastic-scale-glossary.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-136">With elastic database client library, you define partitions of your application data called shardlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-136">With elastic database client library, you define partitions of your application data called shardlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-137">Shardlets are identified by a sharding key and are mapped to specific databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-137">Shardlets are identified by a sharding key and are mapped to specific databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-138">An application may have as many databases as needed and distribute the shardlets to provide enough capacity or performance given current business requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-138">An application may have as many databases as needed and distribute the shardlets to provide enough capacity or performance given current business requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-139">The mapping of sharding key values to the databases is stored by a shard map provided by the elastic database client APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-139">The mapping of sharding key values to the databases is stored by a shard map provided by the elastic database client APIs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-140">We call this capability **Shard Map Management**, or SMM for short.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-140">We call this capability **Shard Map Management**, or SMM for short.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-141">The shard map also serves as the broker of database connections for requests that carry a sharding key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-141">The shard map also serves as the broker of database connections for requests that carry a sharding key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-142">We refer to this capability as **data-dependent routing**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-142">We refer to this capability as **data-dependent routing**.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-143">The shard map manager protects users from inconsistent views into shardlet data that can occur when concurrent shardlet management operations (such as relocating data from one shard to another) are happening.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-143">The shard map manager protects users from inconsistent views into shardlet data that can occur when concurrent shardlet management operations (such as relocating data from one shard to another) are happening.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-144">To do so, the shard maps managed by the client library broker the database connections for an application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-144">To do so, the shard maps managed by the client library broker the database connections for an application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-145">This allows the shard map functionality to automatically kill a database connection when shard management operations could impact the shardlet that the connection has been created for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-145">This allows the shard map functionality to automatically kill a database connection when shard management operations could impact the shardlet that the connection has been created for.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-146">This approach needs to integrate with some of EF’s functionality, such as creating new connections from an existing one to check for database existence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-146">This approach needs to integrate with some of EF’s functionality, such as creating new connections from an existing one to check for database existence.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-147">In general, our observation has been that the standard DbContext constructors only work reliably for closed database connections that can safely be cloned for EF work.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-147">In general, our observation has been that the standard DbContext constructors only work reliably for closed database connections that can safely be cloned for EF work.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-148">The design principle of elastic database instead is to only broker opened connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-148">The design principle of elastic database instead is to only broker opened connections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-149">One might think that closing a connection brokered by the client library before handing it over to the EF DbContext may solve this issue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-149">One might think that closing a connection brokered by the client library before handing it over to the EF DbContext may solve this issue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-150">However, by closing the connection and relying on EF to re-open it, one foregoes the validation and consistency checks performed by the library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-150">However, by closing the connection and relying on EF to re-open it, one foregoes the validation and consistency checks performed by the library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-151">The migrations functionality in EF, however, uses these connections to manage the underlying database schema in a way that is transparent to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-151">The migrations functionality in EF, however, uses these connections to manage the underlying database schema in a way that is transparent to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-152">Ideally, we would like to retain and combine all these capabilities from both the elastic database client library and EF in the same application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-152">Ideally, we would like to retain and combine all these capabilities from both the elastic database client library and EF in the same application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-153">The following section discusses these properties and requirements in more detail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-153">The following section discusses these properties and requirements in more detail.</span></span> 

## <a name="requirements"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-154">Requirements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-154">Requirements</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-155">When working with both the elastic database client library and Entity Framework APIs, we want to retain the following properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-155">When working with both the elastic database client library and Entity Framework APIs, we want to retain the following properties:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-156">**Scale-out**: To add or remove databases from the data tier of the sharded application as necessary for the capacity demands of the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-156">**Scale-out**: To add or remove databases from the data tier of the sharded application as necessary for the capacity demands of the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-157">This means control over the the creation and deletion of databases and using the elastic database shard map manager APIs to manage databases, and mappings of shardlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-157">This means control over the the creation and deletion of databases and using the elastic database shard map manager APIs to manage databases, and mappings of shardlets.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-158">**Consistency**: The application employs sharding, and uses the data dependent routing capabilities of the client library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-158">**Consistency**: The application employs sharding, and uses the data dependent routing capabilities of the client library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-159">To avoid corruption or wrong query results, connections are brokered through the shard map manager.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-159">To avoid corruption or wrong query results, connections are brokered through the shard map manager.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-160">This also retains validation and consistency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-160">This also retains validation and consistency.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-161">**Code First**: To retain the convenience of EF’s code first paradigm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-161">**Code First**: To retain the convenience of EF’s code first paradigm.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-162">In Code First, classes in the application are mapped transparently to the underlying database structures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-162">In Code First, classes in the application are mapped transparently to the underlying database structures.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-163">The application code interacts with DbSets that mask most aspects involved in the underlying database processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-163">The application code interacts with DbSets that mask most aspects involved in the underlying database processing.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-164">**Schema**: Entity Framework handles initial database schema creation and subsequent schema evolution through migrations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-164">**Schema**: Entity Framework handles initial database schema creation and subsequent schema evolution through migrations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-165">By retaining these capabilities, adapting your app is easy as the data evolves.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-165">By retaining these capabilities, adapting your app is easy as the data evolves.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-166">The following guidance instructs how to satisfy these requirements for Code First applications using elastic database tools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-166">The following guidance instructs how to satisfy these requirements for Code First applications using elastic database tools.</span></span> 

## <a name="data-dependent-routing-using-ef-dbcontext"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-167">Data dependent routing using EF DbContext</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-167">Data dependent routing using EF DbContext</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-168">Database connections with Entity Framework are typically managed through subclasses of **DbContext**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-168">Database connections with Entity Framework are typically managed through subclasses of **DbContext**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-169">Create these subclasses by deriving from **DbContext**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-169">Create these subclasses by deriving from **DbContext**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-170">This is where you define your **DbSets** that implement the database-backed collections of CLR objects for your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-170">This is where you define your **DbSets** that implement the database-backed collections of CLR objects for your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-171">In the context of data dependent routing, we can identify several helpful properties that do not necessarily hold for other EF code first application scenarios:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-171">In the context of data dependent routing, we can identify several helpful properties that do not necessarily hold for other EF code first application scenarios:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-172">The database already exists and has been registered in the elastic database shard map.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-172">The database already exists and has been registered in the elastic database shard map.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-173">The schema of the application has already been deployed to the database (explained below).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-173">The schema of the application has already been deployed to the database (explained below).</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-174">Data-dependent routing connections to the database are brokered by the shard map.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-174">Data-dependent routing connections to the database are brokered by the shard map.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-175">To integrate **DbContexts** with data-dependent routing for scale-out:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-175">To integrate **DbContexts** with data-dependent routing for scale-out:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-176">Create physical database connections through the elastic database client interfaces of the shard map manager,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-176">Create physical database connections through the elastic database client interfaces of the shard map manager,</span></span> 
2. <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-177">Wrap the connection with the **DbContext** subclass</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-177">Wrap the connection with the **DbContext** subclass</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-178">Pass the connection down into the **DbContext** base classes to ensure all the processing on the EF side happens as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-178">Pass the connection down into the **DbContext** base classes to ensure all the processing on the EF side happens as well.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-179">The following code example illustrates this approach.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-179">The following code example illustrates this approach.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-180">(This code is also in the accompanying Visual Studio project)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-180">(This code is also in the accompanying Visual Studio project)</span></span>

    public class ElasticScaleContext<T> : DbContext
    {
    public DbSet<Blog> Blogs { get; set; }
    …

        // C'tor for data dependent routing. This call will open a validated connection 
        // routed to the proper shard by the shard map manager. 
        // Note that the base class c'tor call will fail for an open connection
        // if migrations need to be done and SQL credentials are used. This is the reason for the 
        // separation of c'tors into the data-dependent routing case (this c'tor) and the internal c'tor for new shards.
        public ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap shardMap, T shardingKey, string connectionStr)
            : base(CreateDDRConnection(shardMap, shardingKey, connectionStr), 
            true /* contextOwnsConnection */)
        {
        }

        // Only static methods are allowed in calls into base class c'tors.
        private static DbConnection CreateDDRConnection(
        ShardMap shardMap, 
        T shardingKey, 
        string connectionStr)
        {
            // No initialization
            Database.SetInitializer<ElasticScaleContext<T>>(null);

            // Ask shard map to broker a validated connection for the given key
            SqlConnection conn = shardMap.OpenConnectionForKey<T>
                                (shardingKey, connectionStr, ConnectionOptions.Validate);
            return conn;
        }    

## <a name="main-points"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-181">Main points</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-181">Main points</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-182">A new constructor replaces the default constructor in the DbContext subclass</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-182">A new constructor replaces the default constructor in the DbContext subclass</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-183">The new constructor takes the arguments that are required for data dependent routing through elastic database client library:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-183">The new constructor takes the arguments that are required for data dependent routing through elastic database client library:</span></span>
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-184">the shard map to access the data-dependent routing interfaces,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-184">the shard map to access the data-dependent routing interfaces,</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-185">the sharding key to identify the shardlet,</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-185">the sharding key to identify the shardlet,</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-186">a connection string with the credentials for the data-dependent routing connection to the shard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-186">a connection string with the credentials for the data-dependent routing connection to the shard.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-187">The call to the base class constructor takes a detour into a static method that performs all the steps necessary for data-dependent routing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-187">The call to the base class constructor takes a detour into a static method that performs all the steps necessary for data-dependent routing.</span></span> 
  
  * <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-188">It uses the OpenConnectionForKey call of the elastic database client interfaces on the shard map to establish an open connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-188">It uses the OpenConnectionForKey call of the elastic database client interfaces on the shard map to establish an open connection.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-189">The shard map creates the open connection to the shard that holds the shardlet for the given sharding key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-189">The shard map creates the open connection to the shard that holds the shardlet for the given sharding key.</span></span>
  * <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-190">This open connection is passed back to the base class constructor of DbContext to indicate that this connection is to be used by EF instead of letting EF create a new connection automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-190">This open connection is passed back to the base class constructor of DbContext to indicate that this connection is to be used by EF instead of letting EF create a new connection automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-191">This way the connection has been tagged by the elastic database client API so that it can guarantee consistency under shard map management operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-191">This way the connection has been tagged by the elastic database client API so that it can guarantee consistency under shard map management operations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-192">Use the new constructor for your DbContext subclass instead of the default constructor in your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-192">Use the new constructor for your DbContext subclass instead of the default constructor in your code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-193">Here is an example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-193">Here is an example:</span></span> 

    // Create and save a new blog.

    Console.Write("Enter a name for a new blog: "); 
    var name = Console.ReadLine(); 

    using (var db = new ElasticScaleContext<int>( 
                            sharding.ShardMap,  
                            tenantId1,  
                            connStrBldr.ConnectionString)) 
    { 
        var blog = new Blog { Name = name }; 
        db.Blogs.Add(blog); 
        db.SaveChanges(); 

        // Display all Blogs for tenant 1 
        var query = from b in db.Blogs 
                    orderby b.Name 
                    select b; 
     … 
    }

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-194">The new constructor opens the connection to the shard that holds the data for the shardlet identified by the value of **tenantid1**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-194">The new constructor opens the connection to the shard that holds the data for the shardlet identified by the value of **tenantid1**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-195">The code in the **using** block stays unchanged to access the **DbSet** for blogs using EF on the shard for **tenantid1**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-195">The code in the **using** block stays unchanged to access the **DbSet** for blogs using EF on the shard for **tenantid1**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-196">This changes semantics for the code in the using block such that all database operations are now scoped to the one shard where **tenantid1** is kept.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-196">This changes semantics for the code in the using block such that all database operations are now scoped to the one shard where **tenantid1** is kept.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-197">For instance, a LINQ query over the blogs **DbSet** would only return blogs stored on the current shard, but not the ones stored on other shards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-197">For instance, a LINQ query over the blogs **DbSet** would only return blogs stored on the current shard, but not the ones stored on other shards.</span></span>  

#### <a name="transient-faults-handling"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-198">Transient faults handling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-198">Transient faults handling</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-199">The Microsoft Patterns & Practices team published the [The Transient Fault Handling Application Block](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn440719.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-199">The Microsoft Patterns & Practices team published the [The Transient Fault Handling Application Block](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn440719.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-200">The library is used with elastic scale client library in combination with EF.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-200">The library is used with elastic scale client library in combination with EF.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-201">However, ensure that any transient exception returns to a place where we can ensure that the new constructor is being used after a transient fault so that any new connection attempt is made using the constructors we have tweaked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-201">However, ensure that any transient exception returns to a place where we can ensure that the new constructor is being used after a transient fault so that any new connection attempt is made using the constructors we have tweaked.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-202">Otherwise, a connection to the correct shard is not guaranteed, and there are no assurances the connection is maintained as changes to the shard map occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-202">Otherwise, a connection to the correct shard is not guaranteed, and there are no assurances the connection is maintained as changes to the shard map occur.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-203">The following code sample illustrates how a SQL retry policy can be used around the new **DbContext** subclass constructors:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-203">The following code sample illustrates how a SQL retry policy can be used around the new **DbContext** subclass constructors:</span></span> 

    SqlDatabaseUtils.SqlRetryPolicy.ExecuteAction(() => 
    { 
        using (var db = new ElasticScaleContext<int>( 
                                sharding.ShardMap,  
                                tenantId1,  
                                connStrBldr.ConnectionString)) 
            { 
                    var blog = new Blog { Name = name }; 
                    db.Blogs.Add(blog); 
                    db.SaveChanges(); 
            … 
            } 
        }); 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-204">**SqlDatabaseUtils.SqlRetryPolicy** in the code above is defined as a **SqlDatabaseTransientErrorDetectionStrategy** with a retry count of 10, and 5 seconds wait time between retries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-204">**SqlDatabaseUtils.SqlRetryPolicy** in the code above is defined as a **SqlDatabaseTransientErrorDetectionStrategy** with a retry count of 10, and 5 seconds wait time between retries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-205">This approach is similar to the guidance for EF and user-initiated transactions (see [Limitations with Retrying Execution Strategies (EF6 onwards)](http://msdn.microsoft.com/data/dn307226).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-205">This approach is similar to the guidance for EF and user-initiated transactions (see [Limitations with Retrying Execution Strategies (EF6 onwards)](http://msdn.microsoft.com/data/dn307226).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-206">Both situations require that the application program controls the scope to which the transient exception returns: to either reopen the transaction, or (as shown) recreate the context from the proper constructor that uses the elastic database client library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-206">Both situations require that the application program controls the scope to which the transient exception returns: to either reopen the transaction, or (as shown) recreate the context from the proper constructor that uses the elastic database client library.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-207">The need to control where transient exceptions take us back in scope also precludes the use of the built-in **SqlAzureExecutionStrategy** that comes with EF.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-207">The need to control where transient exceptions take us back in scope also precludes the use of the built-in **SqlAzureExecutionStrategy** that comes with EF.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-208">**SqlAzureExecutionStrategy** would reopen a connection but not use **OpenConnectionForKey** and therefore bypass all the validation that is performed as part of the **OpenConnectionForKey** call.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-208">**SqlAzureExecutionStrategy** would reopen a connection but not use **OpenConnectionForKey** and therefore bypass all the validation that is performed as part of the **OpenConnectionForKey** call.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-209">Instead, the code sample uses the built-in **DefaultExecutionStrategy** that also comes with EF.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-209">Instead, the code sample uses the built-in **DefaultExecutionStrategy** that also comes with EF.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-210">As opposed to **SqlAzureExecutionStrategy**, it works correctly in combination with the retry policy from Transient Fault Handling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-210">As opposed to **SqlAzureExecutionStrategy**, it works correctly in combination with the retry policy from Transient Fault Handling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-211">The execution policy is set in the **ElasticScaleDbConfiguration** class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-211">The execution policy is set in the **ElasticScaleDbConfiguration** class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-212">Note that we decided not to use **DefaultSqlExecutionStrategy** since it suggests to use **SqlAzureExecutionStrategy** if transient exceptions occur - which would lead to wrong behavior as discussed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-212">Note that we decided not to use **DefaultSqlExecutionStrategy** since it suggests to use **SqlAzureExecutionStrategy** if transient exceptions occur - which would lead to wrong behavior as discussed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-213">For more information on the different retry policies and EF, see [Connection Resiliency in EF](http://msdn.microsoft.com/data/dn456835.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-213">For more information on the different retry policies and EF, see [Connection Resiliency in EF](http://msdn.microsoft.com/data/dn456835.aspx).</span></span>     

#### <a name="constructor-rewrites"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-214">Constructor rewrites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-214">Constructor rewrites</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-215">The code examples above illustrate the default constructor re-writes required for your application in order to use  data dependent routing with the Entity Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-215">The code examples above illustrate the default constructor re-writes required for your application in order to use  data dependent routing with the Entity Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-216">The following table generalizes this approach to other constructors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-216">The following table generalizes this approach to other constructors.</span></span> 

| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-217">Current Constructor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-217">Current Constructor</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-218">Rewritten Constructor for data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-218">Rewritten Constructor for data</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-219">Base Constructor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-219">Base Constructor</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-220">Notes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-220">Notes</span></span> |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-221">MyContext()</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-221">MyContext()</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-222">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-222">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-223">DbContext(DbConnection, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-223">DbContext(DbConnection, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-224">The connection needs to be a function of the shard map and the data-dependent routing key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-224">The connection needs to be a function of the shard map and the data-dependent routing key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-225">You need to by-pass automatic connection creation by EF and instead use the shard map to broker the connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-225">You need to by-pass automatic connection creation by EF and instead use the shard map to broker the connection.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-226">MyContext(string)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-226">MyContext(string)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-227">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-227">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-228">DbContext(DbConnection, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-228">DbContext(DbConnection, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-229">The connection is a function of the shard map and the data-dependent routing key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-229">The connection is a function of the shard map and the data-dependent routing key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-230">A fixed database name or connection string will not work as they by-pass validation by the shard map.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-230">A fixed database name or connection string will not work as they by-pass validation by the shard map.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-231">MyContext(DbCompiledModel)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-231">MyContext(DbCompiledModel)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-232">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, DbCompiledModel)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-232">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, DbCompiledModel)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-233">DbContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-233">DbContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-234">The connection will get created for the given shard map and sharding key with the model provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-234">The connection will get created for the given shard map and sharding key with the model provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-235">The compiled model will be passed on to the base c’tor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-235">The compiled model will be passed on to the base c’tor.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-236">MyContext(DbConnection, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-236">MyContext(DbConnection, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-237">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-237">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-238">DbContext(DbConnection, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-238">DbContext(DbConnection, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-239">The connection needs to be inferred from the shard map and the key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-239">The connection needs to be inferred from the shard map and the key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-240">It cannot be provided as an input (unless that input was already using the shard map and the key).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-240">It cannot be provided as an input (unless that input was already using the shard map and the key).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-241">The Boolean will be passed on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-241">The Boolean will be passed on.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-242">MyContext(string, DbCompiledModel)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-242">MyContext(string, DbCompiledModel)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-243">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, DbCompiledModel)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-243">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, DbCompiledModel)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-244">DbContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-244">DbContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-245">The connection needs to be inferred from the shard map and the key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-245">The connection needs to be inferred from the shard map and the key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-246">It cannot be provided as an input (unless that input was using the shard map and the key).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-246">It cannot be provided as an input (unless that input was using the shard map and the key).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-247">The compiled model will be passed on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-247">The compiled model will be passed on.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-248">MyContext(ObjectContext, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-248">MyContext(ObjectContext, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-249">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, ObjectContext, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-249">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, ObjectContext, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-250">DbContext(ObjectContext, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-250">DbContext(ObjectContext, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-251">The new constructor needs to ensure that any connection in the ObjectContext passed as an input is re-routed to a connection managed by Elastic Scale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-251">The new constructor needs to ensure that any connection in the ObjectContext passed as an input is re-routed to a connection managed by Elastic Scale.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-252">A detailed discussion of ObjectContexts is beyond the scope of this document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-252">A detailed discussion of ObjectContexts is beyond the scope of this document.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-253">MyContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel,bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-253">MyContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel,bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-254">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, DbCompiledModel, bool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-254">ElasticScaleContext(ShardMap, TKey, DbCompiledModel, bool)</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-255">DbContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel, bool);</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-255">DbContext(DbConnection, DbCompiledModel, bool);</span></span> |<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-256">The connection needs to be inferred from the shard map and the key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-256">The connection needs to be inferred from the shard map and the key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-257">The connection cannot be provided as an input (unless that input was already using the shard map and the key).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-257">The connection cannot be provided as an input (unless that input was already using the shard map and the key).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-258">Model and Boolean are passed on to the base class constructor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-258">Model and Boolean are passed on to the base class constructor.</span></span> |

## <a name="shard-schema-deployment-through-ef-migrations"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-259">Shard schema deployment through EF migrations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-259">Shard schema deployment through EF migrations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-260">Automatic schema management is a convenience provided by the Entity Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-260">Automatic schema management is a convenience provided by the Entity Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-261">In the context of applications using elastic database tools, we want to retain this capability to automatically provision the schema to newly created shards when databases are added to the sharded application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-261">In the context of applications using elastic database tools, we want to retain this capability to automatically provision the schema to newly created shards when databases are added to the sharded application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-262">The primary use case is to increase capacity at the data tier for sharded applications using EF.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-262">The primary use case is to increase capacity at the data tier for sharded applications using EF.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-263">Relying on EF’s capabilities for schema management reduces the database administration effort with a sharded application built on EF.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-263">Relying on EF’s capabilities for schema management reduces the database administration effort with a sharded application built on EF.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-264">Schema deployment through EF migrations works best on **unopened connections**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-264">Schema deployment through EF migrations works best on **unopened connections**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-265">This is in contrast to the scenario for data dependent routing that relies on the opened connection provided by the elastic database client API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-265">This is in contrast to the scenario for data dependent routing that relies on the opened connection provided by the elastic database client API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-266">Another difference is the consistency requirement: While desirable to ensure consistency for all data-dependent routing connections to protect against concurrent shard map manipulation, it is not a concern with initial schema deployment to a new database that has not yet been registered in the shard map, and not yet been allocated to hold shardlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-266">Another difference is the consistency requirement: While desirable to ensure consistency for all data-dependent routing connections to protect against concurrent shard map manipulation, it is not a concern with initial schema deployment to a new database that has not yet been registered in the shard map, and not yet been allocated to hold shardlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-267">We can therefore rely on regular database connections for this scenarios, as opposed to data-dependent routing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-267">We can therefore rely on regular database connections for this scenarios, as opposed to data-dependent routing.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-268">This leads to an approach where schema deployment through EF migrations is tightly coupled with the registration of the new database as a shard in the application’s shard map.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-268">This leads to an approach where schema deployment through EF migrations is tightly coupled with the registration of the new database as a shard in the application’s shard map.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-269">This relies on the following prerequisites:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-269">This relies on the following prerequisites:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-270">The database has already been created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-270">The database has already been created.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-271">The database is empty - it holds no user schema and no user data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-271">The database is empty - it holds no user schema and no user data.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-272">The database cannot yet be accessed through the elastic database client APIs for data-dependent routing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-272">The database cannot yet be accessed through the elastic database client APIs for data-dependent routing.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-273">With these prerequisites in place, we can create a regular un-opened **SqlConnection** to kick off EF migrations for schema deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-273">With these prerequisites in place, we can create a regular un-opened **SqlConnection** to kick off EF migrations for schema deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-274">The following code sample illustrates this approach.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-274">The following code sample illustrates this approach.</span></span> 

        // Enter a new shard - i.e. an empty database - to the shard map, allocate a first tenant to it  
        // and kick off EF intialization of the database to deploy schema 

        public void RegisterNewShard(string server, string database, string connStr, int key) 
        { 

            Shard shard = this.ShardMap.CreateShard(new ShardLocation(server, database)); 

            SqlConnectionStringBuilder connStrBldr = new SqlConnectionStringBuilder(connStr); 
            connStrBldr.DataSource = server; 
            connStrBldr.InitialCatalog = database; 

            // Go into a DbContext to trigger migrations and schema deployment for the new shard. 
            // This requires an un-opened connection. 
            using (var db = new ElasticScaleContext<int>(connStrBldr.ConnectionString)) 
            { 
                // Run a query to engage EF migrations 
                (from b in db.Blogs 
                    select b).Count(); 
            } 

            // Register the mapping of the tenant to the shard in the shard map. 
            // After this step, data-dependent routing on the shard map can be used 

            this.ShardMap.CreatePointMapping(key, shard); 
        } 


<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-275">This sample shows the method **RegisterNewShard** that registers the shard in the shard map, deploys the schema through EF migrations, and stores a mapping of a sharding key to the shard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-275">This sample shows the method **RegisterNewShard** that registers the shard in the shard map, deploys the schema through EF migrations, and stores a mapping of a sharding key to the shard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-276">It relies on a constructor of the **DbContext** subclass (**ElasticScaleContext** in the sample) that takes a SQL connection string as input.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-276">It relies on a constructor of the **DbContext** subclass (**ElasticScaleContext** in the sample) that takes a SQL connection string as input.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-277">The code of this constructor is straight-forward, as the following example shows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-277">The code of this constructor is straight-forward, as the following example shows:</span></span> 

        // C'tor to deploy schema and migrations to a new shard 
        protected internal ElasticScaleContext(string connectionString) 
            : base(SetInitializerForConnection(connectionString)) 
        { 
        } 

        // Only static methods are allowed in calls into base class c'tors 
        private static string SetInitializerForConnection(string connnectionString) 
        { 
            // We want existence checks so that the schema can get deployed 
            Database.SetInitializer<ElasticScaleContext<T>>( 
        new CreateDatabaseIfNotExists<ElasticScaleContext<T>>()); 

            return connnectionString; 
        } 

<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-278">One might have used the version of the constructor inherited from the base class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-278">One might have used the version of the constructor inherited from the base class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-279">But the code needs to ensure that the default initializer for EF is used when connecting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-279">But the code needs to ensure that the default initializer for EF is used when connecting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-280">Hence the short detour into the static method before calling into the base class constructor with the connection string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-280">Hence the short detour into the static method before calling into the base class constructor with the connection string.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-281">Note that the registration of shards should run in a different app domain or process to ensure that the initializer settings for EF do not conflict.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-281">Note that the registration of shards should run in a different app domain or process to ensure that the initializer settings for EF do not conflict.</span></span> 

## <a name="limitations"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-282">Limitations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-282">Limitations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-283">The approaches outlined in this document entail a couple of limitations:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-283">The approaches outlined in this document entail a couple of limitations:</span></span> 

* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-284">EF applications that use **LocalDb** first need to migrate to a regular SQL Server database before using elastic database client library.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-284">EF applications that use **LocalDb** first need to migrate to a regular SQL Server database before using elastic database client library.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-285">Scaling out an application through sharding with Elastic Scale is not possible with **LocalDb**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-285">Scaling out an application through sharding with Elastic Scale is not possible with **LocalDb**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-286">Note that development can still use **LocalDb**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-286">Note that development can still use **LocalDb**.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-287">Any changes to the application that imply database schema changes need to go through EF migrations on all shards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-287">Any changes to the application that imply database schema changes need to go through EF migrations on all shards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-288">The sample code for this document does not demonstrate how to do this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-288">The sample code for this document does not demonstrate how to do this.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-289">Consider using Update-Database with a ConnectionString parameter to iterate over all shards; or extract the T-SQL script for the pending migration using Update-Database with the -Script option and apply the T-SQL script to your shards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-289">Consider using Update-Database with a ConnectionString parameter to iterate over all shards; or extract the T-SQL script for the pending migration using Update-Database with the -Script option and apply the T-SQL script to your shards.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-290">Given a request, it is assumed that all of its database processing is contained within a single shard as identified by the sharding key provided by the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-290">Given a request, it is assumed that all of its database processing is contained within a single shard as identified by the sharding key provided by the request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-291">However, this assumption does not always hold true.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-291">However, this assumption does not always hold true.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-292">For example, when it is not possible to make a sharding key available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-292">For example, when it is not possible to make a sharding key available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-293">To address this, the client library provides the **MultiShardQuery** class that implements a connection abstraction for querying over several shards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-293">To address this, the client library provides the **MultiShardQuery** class that implements a connection abstraction for querying over several shards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-294">Learning to use the **MultiShardQuery** in combination with EF is beyond the scope of this document</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-294">Learning to use the **MultiShardQuery** in combination with EF is beyond the scope of this document</span></span>

## <a name="conclusion"></a><span data-ttu-id="83ac5-295">Conclusion</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-295">Conclusion</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="83ac5-296">Through the steps outlined in this document, EF applications can use the elastic database client library's capability for data dependent routing by refactoring constructors of the **DbContext** subclasses used in the EF application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-296">Through the steps outlined in this document, EF applications can use the elastic database client library's capability for data dependent routing by refactoring constructors of the **DbContext** subclasses used in the EF application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-297">This limits the  changes required to those places where **DbContext** classes already exist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-297">This limits the  changes required to those places where **DbContext** classes already exist.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="83ac5-298">In addition, EF applications can continue to benefit from automatic schema deployment by combining the steps that invoke the necessary EF migrations with the registration of new shards and mappings in the shard map.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="83ac5-298">In addition, EF applications can continue to benefit from automatic schema deployment by combining the steps that invoke the necessary EF migrations with the registration of new shards and mappings in the shard map.</span></span> 

[!INCLUDE [elastic-scale-include](../../includes/elastic-scale-include.md)]

<!--Image references-->
[1]: https://docstestmedia1.blob.core.windows.net/azure-media/articles/sql-database/media/sql-database-elastic-scale-use-entity-framework-applications-visual-studio/sample.png

