---
title: Azure SQL Database FAQ | Microsoft Docs
description: Answers to common questions customers ask about cloud databases and Azure SQL Database, Microsoft's relational database management system (RDBMS) and database as a service in the cloud.
services: sql-database
author: CarlRabeler
manager: craigg
ms.service: sql-database
ms.custom: reference
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 08/29/2018
ms.author: carlrab
ms.openlocfilehash: a7837ac6af82b5c67ea5779340aedc16cb78d156
ms.sourcegitcommit: d1451406a010fd3aa854dc8e5b77dc5537d8050e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 09/13/2018
ms.locfileid: "44810471"
---
# <a name="sql-database-faq"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-103">SQL Database FAQ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-103">SQL Database FAQ</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-the-current-version-of-sql-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-104">What is the current version of SQL Database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-104">What is the current version of SQL Database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-105">The current version of SQL Database is V12.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-105">The current version of SQL Database is V12.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-106">Version V11 has been retired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-106">Version V11 has been retired.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-the-sla-for-sql-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-107">What is the SLA for SQL Database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-107">What is the SLA for SQL Database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-108">We guarantee at least 99.99% of the time, you have connectivity between your Microsoft Azure SQL Database and our Internet gateway, regardless of your service tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-108">We guarantee at least 99.99% of the time, you have connectivity between your Microsoft Azure SQL Database and our Internet gateway, regardless of your service tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-109">0.01% is reserved for patches, upgrades, and failovers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-109">0.01% is reserved for patches, upgrades, and failovers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-110">For more information, see [SLA](http://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-110">For more information, see [SLA](http://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-111">For information about the availability architecture of Azure SQL Database, see [High Availability and Azure SQL Database](sql-database-high-availability.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-111">For information about the availability architecture of Azure SQL Database, see [High Availability and Azure SQL Database](sql-database-high-availability.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="can-i-control-when-patching-downtime-occurs"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-112">Can I control when patching downtime occurs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-112">Can I control when patching downtime occurs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-113">No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-113">No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-114">The impact of patching is generally not noticable if you [employ retry logic](sql-database-develop-overview.md#resiliency) in your app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-114">The impact of patching is generally not noticable if you [employ retry logic](sql-database-develop-overview.md#resiliency) in your app.</span></span>
## <a name="what-is-the-new-vcore-based-purchasing-model-for-azure-sql-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-115">What is the new vCore-based purchasing model for Azure SQL Database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-115">What is the new vCore-based purchasing model for Azure SQL Database?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-116">The new purchasing model is in addition to the existing DTU-based model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-116">The new purchasing model is in addition to the existing DTU-based model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-117">The vCore-based model is designed to give customers flexibility, control, transparency, and a straightforward way to translate on-premises workload requirements to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-117">The vCore-based model is designed to give customers flexibility, control, transparency, and a straightforward way to translate on-premises workload requirements to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-118">It also allows customers to scale their compute and storage rsources based upon their workload needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-118">It also allows customers to scale their compute and storage rsources based upon their workload needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-119">Single database and elastic pool options using the vCore model are also eligible for up to 30 percent savings with the [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-119">Single database and elastic pool options using the vCore model are also eligible for up to 30 percent savings with the [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-120">See [DTU-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md) and [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md) for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-120">See [DTU-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md) and [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md) for more information.</span></span> 

## <a name="what-is-a-vcore"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-121">What is a vCore?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-121">What is a vCore?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-122">A virtual core represents the logical CPU offered with an option to choose between generations of hardware.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-122">A virtual core represents the logical CPU offered with an option to choose between generations of hardware.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-123">Gen 4 Logical CPUs are based on Intel E5-2673 v3 (Haswell) 2.4-GHz processors and Gen 5 Logical CPUs are based on Intel E5-2673 v4 (Broadwell) 2.3-GHz processors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-123">Gen 4 Logical CPUs are based on Intel E5-2673 v3 (Haswell) 2.4-GHz processors and Gen 5 Logical CPUs are based on Intel E5-2673 v4 (Broadwell) 2.3-GHz processors.</span></span>

## <a name="is-moving-to-the-vcore-based-model-required"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-124">Is moving to the vCore-based model required?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-124">Is moving to the vCore-based model required?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-125">No, the introduction of the vCore-based model to the Elastic Pool and Single Database deployment options reflects our commitment to customer choice and flexibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-125">No, the introduction of the vCore-based model to the Elastic Pool and Single Database deployment options reflects our commitment to customer choice and flexibility.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-126">If customers want to continue using the DTU-based model, they don’t need to take any action with this announcement and their experience and billing will remain unchanged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-126">If customers want to continue using the DTU-based model, they don’t need to take any action with this announcement and their experience and billing will remain unchanged.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-127">In many cases, applications can benefit from the simplicity of a preconfigured bundle of resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-127">In many cases, applications can benefit from the simplicity of a preconfigured bundle of resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-128">Therefore, we continue to offer and support these DTU-based choices to our customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-128">Therefore, we continue to offer and support these DTU-based choices to our customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-129">If you are using them and it meets your business requirements, you should continue to do so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-129">If you are using them and it meets your business requirements, you should continue to do so.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-130">The DTU and vCore-based models will continue to exist side by side.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-130">The DTU and vCore-based models will continue to exist side by side.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-131">We are launching the vCore-based model in response to customer requests for more transparency around their database resources and the ability to scale their compute and storage resources separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-131">We are launching the vCore-based model in response to customer requests for more transparency around their database resources and the ability to scale their compute and storage resources separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-132">The vCore-based model also enables additional savings for customers with active Software Assurance through the Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-132">The vCore-based model also enables additional savings for customers with active Software Assurance through the Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server.</span></span>

## <a name="how-should-i-choose-between-the-dtu-based-purchasing-model-vs-the-vcore-based-purchasing-model"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-133">How should I choose between the DTU-based purchasing model vs the vCore-based purchasing model?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-133">How should I choose between the DTU-based purchasing model vs the vCore-based purchasing model?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-134">The Database Transaction Unit (DTU) is based on a blended measure of CPU, memory, reads, and writes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-134">The Database Transaction Unit (DTU) is based on a blended measure of CPU, memory, reads, and writes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-135">The DTU-based performance levels represent preconfigured bundles of resources to drive different levels of application performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-135">The DTU-based performance levels represent preconfigured bundles of resources to drive different levels of application performance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-136">Customers who do not want to worry about the underlying resources and prefer the simplicity of a preconfigured bundle while paying a fixed amount each month may find the DTU-based model more suitable for their needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-136">Customers who do not want to worry about the underlying resources and prefer the simplicity of a preconfigured bundle while paying a fixed amount each month may find the DTU-based model more suitable for their needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-137">However, for customers who need more insight into the underlying resources or need to scale them independently to achieve optimal performance, the vCore-based model will be the best choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-137">However, for customers who need more insight into the underlying resources or need to scale them independently to achieve optimal performance, the vCore-based model will be the best choice.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="bb930-138">Additionally, if a customer has an active Software Assurance (SA) for SQL Server, they can leverage their existing investment and save up to 30% with [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-138">Additionally, if a customer has an active Software Assurance (SA) for SQL Server, they can leverage their existing investment and save up to 30% with [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md).</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="bb930-139">Options within each of the purchasing models provide the benefits of a fully-managed service such as automated backups, software updates and patches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-139">Options within each of the purchasing models provide the benefits of a fully-managed service such as automated backups, software updates and patches.</span></span> 

## <a name="what-is-the-azure-hybrid-benefit-for-sql-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-140">What is the Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-140">What is the Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-141">The [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md) helps you maximize the value from your current licensing investments and accelerate their migration to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-141">The [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md) helps you maximize the value from your current licensing investments and accelerate their migration to the cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-142">Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server is an Azure-based benefit that enables you to use your SQL Server licenses with Software Assurance to pay a reduced rate (“base rate”) on SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-142">Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server is an Azure-based benefit that enables you to use your SQL Server licenses with Software Assurance to pay a reduced rate (“base rate”) on SQL Database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-143">Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server is available at public preview of the vCore-based purchasing model for SQL Database single databases and elastic pools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-143">Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server is available at public preview of the vCore-based purchasing model for SQL Database single databases and elastic pools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-144">You may apply this benefit even if the SKU is active but note the base rate is applied from the time you select it in the Azure portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-144">You may apply this benefit even if the SKU is active but note the base rate is applied from the time you select it in the Azure portal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-145">No credit will be issued retroactively.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-145">No credit will be issued retroactively.</span></span>

## <a name="are-there-dual-use-rights-with-azure-hybrid-benefit-for-sql-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-146">Are there dual-use rights with Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-146">Are there dual-use rights with Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-147">You have 180 days of dual use rights of the license to ensure migrations are running seamlessly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-147">You have 180 days of dual use rights of the license to ensure migrations are running seamlessly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-148">After that 180-day period, the SQL Server license can only be used in the cloud in SQL Database, and does not have dual use rights on-premises and in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-148">After that 180-day period, the SQL Server license can only be used in the cloud in SQL Database, and does not have dual use rights on-premises and in the cloud.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-azure-hybrid-benefit-for-sql-server-differ-from-license-mobility"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-149">How does Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server differ from license mobility?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-149">How does Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server differ from license mobility?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-150">Today, we offer license mobility benefits to SQL Server customers with Software Assurance that allows re-assignment of their licenses to third-party shared servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-150">Today, we offer license mobility benefits to SQL Server customers with Software Assurance that allows re-assignment of their licenses to third-party shared servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-151">This benefit can be used on Azure IaaS and AWS EC2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-151">This benefit can be used on Azure IaaS and AWS EC2.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-152">Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server differs from license mobility in two key areas:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-152">Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server differs from license mobility in two key areas:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bb930-153">It provides economic benefits for moving highly virtualized workloads to Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-153">It provides economic benefits for moving highly virtualized workloads to Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-154">SQL EE customers can get 4 cores in Azure in the General Purpose SKU for every core they own on-premises for highly virtualized applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-154">SQL EE customers can get 4 cores in Azure in the General Purpose SKU for every core they own on-premises for highly virtualized applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-155">License mobility does not allow any special cost benefits for moving virtualized workloads to the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-155">License mobility does not allow any special cost benefits for moving virtualized workloads to the cloud.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bb930-156">It provides for a PaaS destination on Azure (SQL Database Managed Instance) that is highly compatible with SQL Server on-premises</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-156">It provides for a PaaS destination on Azure (SQL Database Managed Instance) that is highly compatible with SQL Server on-premises</span></span>

## <a name="what-are-the-specific-rights-of-the-azure-hybrid-benefit-for-sql-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-157">What are the specific rights of the Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-157">What are the specific rights of the Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-158">SQL Database customers will have the following rights associated with Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-158">SQL Database customers will have the following rights associated with Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server:</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="bb930-159">License Footprint</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-159">License Footprint</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="bb930-160">What does Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server Get You?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-160">What does Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server Get You?</span></span>|
|---|---|
|<span data-ttu-id="bb930-161">SQL Server Enterprise Edition core customers with SA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-161">SQL Server Enterprise Edition core customers with SA</span></span>|<li><span data-ttu-id="bb930-162">Can pay Base Rate on either General Purpose or Business Critical SKU</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-162">Can pay Base Rate on either General Purpose or Business Critical SKU</span></span></li><br><li><span data-ttu-id="bb930-163">1 core on-premises = 4 cores in General Purpose SKU</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-163">1 core on-premises = 4 cores in General Purpose SKU</span></span></li><br><li><span data-ttu-id="bb930-164">1 core on-premises = 1 core in Business Critical SKU</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-164">1 core on-premises = 1 core in Business Critical SKU</span></span></li>|
|<span data-ttu-id="bb930-165">SQL Server Standard Edition core customers with SA</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-165">SQL Server Standard Edition core customers with SA</span></span>|<li><span data-ttu-id="bb930-166">Can pay Base Rate on General Purpose SKU only</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-166">Can pay Base Rate on General Purpose SKU only</span></span></li><br><li><span data-ttu-id="bb930-167">1 core on-premises = 1 core in General Purpose SKU</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-167">1 core on-premises = 1 core in General Purpose SKU</span></span></li>|
|||

## <a name="is-the-vcore-based-model-available-to-sql-database-managed-instance"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-168">Is the vCore-based model available to SQL Database Managed Instance?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-168">Is the vCore-based model available to SQL Database Managed Instance?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-169">[Managed Instance](sql-database-managed-instance.md) is available only with the vCore-based model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-169">[Managed Instance](sql-database-managed-instance.md) is available only with the vCore-based model.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-170">For more information, also see the [SQL Database pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/sql-database/managed/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-170">For more information, also see the [SQL Database pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/sql-database/managed/).</span></span> 

## <a name="does-the-cost-of-compute-and-storage-depend-on-the-service-tier-that-i-choose"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-171">Does the cost of compute and storage depend on the service tier that I choose?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-171">Does the cost of compute and storage depend on the service tier that I choose?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-172">The compute cost reflects the total compute capacity that is provisioned for the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-172">The compute cost reflects the total compute capacity that is provisioned for the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-173">In the Business Critical service tier, we automatically allocate at least 3 Always ON replicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-173">In the Business Critical service tier, we automatically allocate at least 3 Always ON replicas.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-174">To reflect this additional allocation of compute resources, the vCore price is approximately 2.7x higher in Business Critical.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-174">To reflect this additional allocation of compute resources, the vCore price is approximately 2.7x higher in Business Critical.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-175">For the same reason, the higher storage price per GB in the Business Critical tier reflects the high IO and low latency of the SSD storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-175">For the same reason, the higher storage price per GB in the Business Critical tier reflects the high IO and low latency of the SSD storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-176">At the same time, the cost of backup storage is not different because in both cases we use a class of standard storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-176">At the same time, the cost of backup storage is not different because in both cases we use a class of standard storage.</span></span>

## <a name="how-am-i-charged-for-storage---based-on-what-i-configure-upfront-or-on-what-the-database-uses"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-177">How am I charged for storage - based on what I configure upfront or on what the database uses?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-177">How am I charged for storage - based on what I configure upfront or on what the database uses?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-178">Different types of storage are billed differently.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-178">Different types of storage are billed differently.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-179">For data storage, you are charged for the provisioned storage based upon the maximum database or pool size you select.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-179">For data storage, you are charged for the provisioned storage based upon the maximum database or pool size you select.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-180">The cost does not change unless you reduce or increase that maximum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-180">The cost does not change unless you reduce or increase that maximum.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-181">Backup storage is associated with automated backups of your instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-181">Backup storage is associated with automated backups of your instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-182">Increasing your backup retention period increases the backup storage that’s consumed by your instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-182">Increasing your backup retention period increases the backup storage that’s consumed by your instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-183">There’s no additional charge for backup storage for up to 100 percent of your total provisioned server storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-183">There’s no additional charge for backup storage for up to 100 percent of your total provisioned server storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-184">Additional consumption of backup storage is charged in GB per month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-184">Additional consumption of backup storage is charged in GB per month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-185">For example, if you have the database storage size of 100 GBs, you’ll get 100 GBs of backup at no additional cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-185">For example, if you have the database storage size of 100 GBs, you’ll get 100 GBs of backup at no additional cost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-186">But if the backup is 110 GBs, you pay for the additional 10 GBs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-186">But if the backup is 110 GBs, you pay for the additional 10 GBs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-187">For backup storage of a single database, you are charged on a prorated basis for the storage that was allocated to the database backups minus the size of the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-187">For backup storage of a single database, you are charged on a prorated basis for the storage that was allocated to the database backups minus the size of the database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-188">For backup storage of an elastic pool, you are charged on a prorated basis for the storage that was allocated to the database backups of all the databases in the pool minus the maximum data size of the elastic pool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-188">For backup storage of an elastic pool, you are charged on a prorated basis for the storage that was allocated to the database backups of all the databases in the pool minus the maximum data size of the elastic pool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-189">Any increase in the database size or elastic pool, or increase in the transaction rate, requires more storage and thus increases your backup storage bill.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-189">Any increase in the database size or elastic pool, or increase in the transaction rate, requires more storage and thus increases your backup storage bill.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="bb930-190">When you increase the maximum data size, this new amount is deducted from the billed backup storage size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-190">When you increase the maximum data size, this new amount is deducted from the billed backup storage size.</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-i-select-the-right-sku-when-converting-an-existing-database-to-the-new-service-tiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-191">How do I select the right SKU when converting an existing database to the new service tiers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-191">How do I select the right SKU when converting an existing database to the new service tiers?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-192">For existing SQL Database applications using the DTU-based model, the General Purpose service tier is comparable with the Standard tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-192">For existing SQL Database applications using the DTU-based model, the General Purpose service tier is comparable with the Standard tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-193">The Business Critical service tier is comparable with the Premium tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-193">The Business Critical service tier is comparable with the Premium tier.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-194">In both cases, you should allocate at least 1 vCore for each 100 DTU that your application uses in the DTU-based model.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-194">In both cases, you should allocate at least 1 vCore for each 100 DTU that your application uses in the DTU-based model.</span></span>

## <a name="do-the-new-vcore-based-service-tiers-offer-the-performance-levels-compatible-with-all-existing-service-level-objectives-slos"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-195">Do the new vCore-based service tiers offer the performance levels compatible with all existing service level objectives (SLOs)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-195">Do the new vCore-based service tiers offer the performance levels compatible with all existing service level objectives (SLOs)?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-196">The new vCore-based service tiers offer comparable performance choices for all elastic pools and databases using 100 DTUs or more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-196">The new vCore-based service tiers offer comparable performance choices for all elastic pools and databases using 100 DTUs or more.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="bb930-197">We will continue to add more SLOs over time to accommodate sub 100 DTU workloads.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-197">We will continue to add more SLOs over time to accommodate sub 100 DTU workloads.</span></span>

## <a name="are-there-any-database-feature-differences-between-the-existing-dtu-based-and-new-vcore-based-service-tiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-198">Are there any database feature differences between the existing DTU-based and new vCore-based service tiers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-198">Are there any database feature differences between the existing DTU-based and new vCore-based service tiers?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-199">The new service tiers support a superset of the features available with the current DTU-based offerings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-199">The new service tiers support a superset of the features available with the current DTU-based offerings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-200">The additional features include a set of additional dynamic management views (DMVs) and additional resource configuration options.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-200">The additional features include a set of additional dynamic management views (DMVs) and additional resource configuration options.</span></span> 

## <a name="if-my-database-is-cpu-bound-and-does-not-use-much-storage-can-i-increase-the-compute-without-paying-for-extra-storage"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-201">If my database is CPU-bound and does not use much storage, can I increase the compute without paying for extra storage?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-201">If my database is CPU-bound and does not use much storage, can I increase the compute without paying for extra storage?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-202">Yes, you can independently select the level of compute your application needs and keep the storage unchanged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-202">Yes, you can independently select the level of compute your application needs and keep the storage unchanged.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-203">The storage can be set as low as 32GB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-203">The storage can be set as low as 32GB.</span></span> 

## <a name="will-the-new-vcore-based-tiers-support-point-in-time-restore-pitr-for-35-days-as-today"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-204">Will the new vCore-based tiers support point in time restore (PITR) for 35 days as today?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-204">Will the new vCore-based tiers support point in time restore (PITR) for 35 days as today?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-205">You can configure the backup retention for PITR between 7 and 35 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-205">You can configure the backup retention for PITR between 7 and 35 days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-206">The backups storage will be charged separately based on the actual storage consumption if it exceeds the storage amount equal to the maximum data size.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-206">The backups storage will be charged separately based on the actual storage consumption if it exceeds the storage amount equal to the maximum data size.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-207">In preview, by default the PITR retention period is set to 7 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-207">In preview, by default the PITR retention period is set to 7 days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-208">In many cases, the maximum data size is sufficient for storing 7 days of backups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-208">In many cases, the maximum data size is sufficient for storing 7 days of backups.</span></span>

## <a name="why-do-you-allow-selection-of-the-hardware-generation-for-compute"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-209">Why do you allow selection of the hardware generation for compute?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-209">Why do you allow selection of the hardware generation for compute?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-210">Our goal is to enable maximum flexibility so that you can choose a performance configuration that closely matches the needs of the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-210">Our goal is to enable maximum flexibility so that you can choose a performance configuration that closely matches the needs of the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-211">Gen4 hardware offers substantially more memory per vCore.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-211">Gen4 hardware offers substantially more memory per vCore.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-212">However, Gen5 hardware allows you to scale up compute resources much higher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-212">However, Gen5 hardware allows you to scale up compute resources much higher.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-213">For more information, see [vCore purchase model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-213">For more information, see [vCore purchase model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md)</span></span>

## <a name="do-i-need-to-take-my-application-offline-to-convert-from-a-dtu-based-database-to-a-vcore-based-service-tier"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-214">Do I need to take my application offline to convert from a DTU-based database to a vCore-based service tier?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-214">Do I need to take my application offline to convert from a DTU-based database to a vCore-based service tier?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-215">The new service tiers offer a simple online conversion method that is similar to the existing process of upgrading databases from Standard to Premium service tier and vice versa.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-215">The new service tiers offer a simple online conversion method that is similar to the existing process of upgrading databases from Standard to Premium service tier and vice versa.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-216">This conversion can be initiated using the Azure portal, PowerShell, Azure CLI, T-SQL, or the REST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-216">This conversion can be initiated using the Azure portal, PowerShell, Azure CLI, T-SQL, or the REST API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-217">See [Manage single databases](sql-database-single-database-scale.md) and [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-217">See [Manage single databases](sql-database-single-database-scale.md) and [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span></span>

## <a name="can-i-convert-a-database-from-a-vcore-based-service-tier-to-a-dtu-based-one"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-218">Can I convert a database from a vCore-based service tier to a DTU-based one?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-218">Can I convert a database from a vCore-based service tier to a DTU-based one?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-219">Yes, you can easily convert your database to any supported performance objective using Azure portal, PowerShell, Azure CLI, T-SQL, or the REST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-219">Yes, you can easily convert your database to any supported performance objective using Azure portal, PowerShell, Azure CLI, T-SQL, or the REST API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-220">See [Manage single databases](sql-database-single-database-scale.md) and [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-220">See [Manage single databases](sql-database-single-database-scale.md) and [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span></span>

## <a name="can-i-upgrade-or-downgrade-between-the-general-purpose-and-business-critical-service-tiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-221">Can I upgrade or downgrade between the General Purpose and Business Critical service tiers?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-221">Can I upgrade or downgrade between the General Purpose and Business Critical service tiers?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-222">Yes, with some restrictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-222">Yes, with some restrictions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-223">Your destination SKU must meet the maximum database or elastic pool size you configured for your existing deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-223">Your destination SKU must meet the maximum database or elastic pool size you configured for your existing deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-224">If you are using [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md), the Business Critical SKU is only available to customers with Enterprise Edition licenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-224">If you are using [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md), the Business Critical SKU is only available to customers with Enterprise Edition licenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-225">Only customers who migrated from on-premises to General Purpose using Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server with Enterprise Edition licenses can upgrade to Business Critical.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-225">Only customers who migrated from on-premises to General Purpose using Azure Hybrid Benefit for SQL Server with Enterprise Edition licenses can upgrade to Business Critical.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-226">For details see [What are the specific rights of the Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md)?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-226">For details see [What are the specific rights of the Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md)?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-227">This conversion does not result in downtime and can be initiated using Azure portal, PowerShell, Azure CLI, T-SQL, or the REST API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-227">This conversion does not result in downtime and can be initiated using Azure portal, PowerShell, Azure CLI, T-SQL, or the REST API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-228">See [Manage single databases](sql-database-single-database-scale.md) and [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-228">See [Manage single databases](sql-database-single-database-scale.md) and [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span></span>

## <a name="i-am-using-a-premium-rs-database-that-will-not-be-generally-available---can-i-upgrade-it-to-a-new-tier-and-achieve-a-similar-priceperformance-benefit"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-229">I am using a Premium RS database that will not be Generally Available - can I upgrade it to a new tier and achieve a similar price/performance benefit?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-229">I am using a Premium RS database that will not be Generally Available - can I upgrade it to a new tier and achieve a similar price/performance benefit?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-230">Because the vCore model allows independent control over the amount of provisioned compute and storage, you can more effectively manage the resulting costs, making it an attractive destination for Premium RS databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-230">Because the vCore model allows independent control over the amount of provisioned compute and storage, you can more effectively manage the resulting costs, making it an attractive destination for Premium RS databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-231">In addition, the [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md) provides a substantial discount when the vCore-based model is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-231">In addition, the [Azure Hybrid Use Benefit for SQL Server](../virtual-machines/windows/hybrid-use-benefit-licensing.md) provides a substantial discount when the vCore-based model is used.</span></span> 

## <a name="how-often-can-i-adjust-the-resources-per-pool"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-232">How often can I adjust the resources per pool?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-232">How often can I adjust the resources per pool?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-233">As often as you want.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-233">As often as you want.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-234">See [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-234">See [Manage elastic pools](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span></span>

## <a name="how-long-does-it-take-to-change-the-service-tier-or-performance-level-of-a-single-database-or-move-a-database-in-and-out-of-an-elastic-pool"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-235">How long does it take to change the service tier or performance level of a single database or move a database in and out of an elastic pool?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-235">How long does it take to change the service tier or performance level of a single database or move a database in and out of an elastic pool?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-236">Changing the service tier of a database and moving in and out of a pool requires the database to be copied on the platform as a background operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-236">Changing the service tier of a database and moving in and out of a pool requires the database to be copied on the platform as a background operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-237">Changing the service tier can take from a few minutes to several hours depending on the size of the databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-237">Changing the service tier can take from a few minutes to several hours depending on the size of the databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-238">In both cases, the databases remain online and available during the move.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-238">In both cases, the databases remain online and available during the move.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-239">For details on changing single databases, see [Change the service tier of a database](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-239">For details on changing single databases, see [Change the service tier of a database](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="when-should-i-use-a-single-database-vs-elastic-databases"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-240">When should I use a single database vs. elastic databases?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-240">When should I use a single database vs. elastic databases?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-241">In general, elastic pools are designed for a typical [software-as-a-service (SaaS) application pattern](sql-database-design-patterns-multi-tenancy-saas-applications.md), where there is one database per customer or tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-241">In general, elastic pools are designed for a typical [software-as-a-service (SaaS) application pattern](sql-database-design-patterns-multi-tenancy-saas-applications.md), where there is one database per customer or tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-242">Purchasing individual databases and overprovisioning to meet the variable and peak demand for each database is often not cost efficient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-242">Purchasing individual databases and overprovisioning to meet the variable and peak demand for each database is often not cost efficient.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-243">With pools, you manage the collective performance of the pool, and the databases scale up and down automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-243">With pools, you manage the collective performance of the pool, and the databases scale up and down automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-244">Azure's intelligent engine recommends a pool for databases when a usage pattern warrants it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-244">Azure's intelligent engine recommends a pool for databases when a usage pattern warrants it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-245">For details, see [Elastic pool guidance](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-245">For details, see [Elastic pool guidance](sql-database-elastic-pool.md).</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-the-usage-of-sql-database-using-the-dtu-based-purchasing-model-show-up-on-my-bill"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-246">How does the usage of SQL Database using the DTU-based purchasing model show up on my bill?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-246">How does the usage of SQL Database using the DTU-based purchasing model show up on my bill?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-247">SQL Database bills on a predictable hourly rate based on the [purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-247">SQL Database bills on a predictable hourly rate based on the [purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-248">Actual usage is computed and pro-rated hourly, so your bill might show fractions of an hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-248">Actual usage is computed and pro-rated hourly, so your bill might show fractions of an hour.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-249">For example, if a database exists for 12 hours in a month, your bill shows usage of 0.5 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-249">For example, if a database exists for 12 hours in a month, your bill shows usage of 0.5 days.</span></span> 

## <a name="what-if-a-single-database-is-active-for-less-than-an-hour-or-uses-a-higher-service-tier-for-less-than-an-hour"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-250">What if a single database is active for less than an hour or uses a higher service tier for less than an hour?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-250">What if a single database is active for less than an hour or uses a higher service tier for less than an hour?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-251">You are billed for each hour a database exists using the highest service tier + performance level that applied during that hour, regardless of usage or whether the database was active for less than an hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-251">You are billed for each hour a database exists using the highest service tier + performance level that applied during that hour, regardless of usage or whether the database was active for less than an hour.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-252">For example, if you create a single database and delete it five minutes later your bill reflects a charge for one database hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-252">For example, if you create a single database and delete it five minutes later your bill reflects a charge for one database hour.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-253">Examples:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-253">Examples:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-254">If you create a Basic database and then immediately upgrade it to Standard S1, you are charged at the Standard S1 rate for the first hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-254">If you create a Basic database and then immediately upgrade it to Standard S1, you are charged at the Standard S1 rate for the first hour.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-255">If you upgrade a database from Basic to Premium at 10:00 p.m.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-255">If you upgrade a database from Basic to Premium at 10:00 p.m.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-256">and upgrade completes at 1:35 a.m.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-256">and upgrade completes at 1:35 a.m.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-257">on the following day, you are charged at the Premium rate starting at 1:00 a.m.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-257">on the following day, you are charged at the Premium rate starting at 1:00 a.m.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-258">If you downgrade a database from Premium to Basic at 11:00 a.m.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-258">If you downgrade a database from Premium to Basic at 11:00 a.m.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-259">and it completes at 2:15 p.m., then the database is charged at the Premium rate until 3:00 p.m., after which it is charged at the Basic rates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-259">and it completes at 2:15 p.m., then the database is charged at the Premium rate until 3:00 p.m., after which it is charged at the Basic rates.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-elastic-pool-usage-using-the-dtu-based-purchasing-model-show-up-on-my-bill"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-260">How does elastic pool usage using the DTU-based purchasing model show up on my bill?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-260">How does elastic pool usage using the DTU-based purchasing model show up on my bill?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-261">Elastic pool charges show up on your bill as Elastic DTUs (eDTUs) or vCores plus storage in the increments shown on [the pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/sql-database/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-261">Elastic pool charges show up on your bill as Elastic DTUs (eDTUs) or vCores plus storage in the increments shown on [the pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/sql-database/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-262">There is no per-database charge for elastic pools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-262">There is no per-database charge for elastic pools.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-263">You are billed for each hour a pool exists at the highest eDTU or vCores, regardless of usage or whether the pool was active for less than an hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-263">You are billed for each hour a pool exists at the highest eDTU or vCores, regardless of usage or whether the pool was active for less than an hour.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-264">DTU-based purchasing model examples:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-264">DTU-based purchasing model examples:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-265">If you create a Standard elastic pool with 200 eDTUs at 11:18 a.m., adding five databases to the pool, you are charged for 200 eDTUs for the whole hour, beginning at 11 a.m.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-265">If you create a Standard elastic pool with 200 eDTUs at 11:18 a.m., adding five databases to the pool, you are charged for 200 eDTUs for the whole hour, beginning at 11 a.m.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-266">through the remainder of the day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-266">through the remainder of the day.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-267">On Day 2, at 5:05 a.m., Database 1 begins consuming 50 eDTUs and holds steady through the day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-267">On Day 2, at 5:05 a.m., Database 1 begins consuming 50 eDTUs and holds steady through the day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-268">Databases 2-5 fluctuate between 0 and 80 eDTUs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-268">Databases 2-5 fluctuate between 0 and 80 eDTUs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-269">During the day, you add five other databases that consume varying eDTUs throughout the day.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-269">During the day, you add five other databases that consume varying eDTUs throughout the day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-270">Day 2 is a full day billed at 200 eDTU.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-270">Day 2 is a full day billed at 200 eDTU.</span></span> 
* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-271">On Day 3, at 5 a.m.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-271">On Day 3, at 5 a.m.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-272">you add another 15 databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-272">you add another 15 databases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-273">Database usage increases throughout the day to the point where you decide to increase eDTUs for the pool from 200 to 400 at 8:05 p.m.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-273">Database usage increases throughout the day to the point where you decide to increase eDTUs for the pool from 200 to 400 at 8:05 p.m.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-274">Charges at the 200 eDTU level were in effect until 8 pm and increases to 400 eDTUs for the remaining four hours.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-274">Charges at the 200 eDTU level were in effect until 8 pm and increases to 400 eDTUs for the remaining four hours.</span></span> 

## <a name="how-are-elastic-pool-billed-for-the-dtu-based-purchasing-model"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-275">How are elastic pool billed for the DTU-based purchasing model?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-275">How are elastic pool billed for the DTU-based purchasing model?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-276">Elastic pools are billed per the following characteristics:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-276">Elastic pools are billed per the following characteristics:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-277">An elastic pool is billed upon its creation, even when there are no databases in the pool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-277">An elastic pool is billed upon its creation, even when there are no databases in the pool.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-278">An elastic pool is billed hourly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-278">An elastic pool is billed hourly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-279">This is the same metering frequency as for performance levels of single databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-279">This is the same metering frequency as for performance levels of single databases.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-280">If an elastic pool is resized, then the pool is not billed according to the new amount of resources until the resizing operation completes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-280">If an elastic pool is resized, then the pool is not billed according to the new amount of resources until the resizing operation completes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-281">This follows the same pattern as changing the performance level of single databases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-281">This follows the same pattern as changing the performance level of single databases.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="bb930-282">The price of an elastic pool is based on the resources of the pool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-282">The price of an elastic pool is based on the resources of the pool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-283">The price of an elastic pool is independent of the number and utilization of the elastic databases within it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-283">The price of an elastic pool is independent of the number and utilization of the elastic databases within it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-284">For details, see [SQL Database pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/sql-database/), [DTU-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md), and [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-284">For details, see [SQL Database pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/sql-database/), [DTU-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-dtu.md), and [vCore-based purchasing model](sql-database-service-tiers-vcore.md).</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-the-vcore-based-usage-show-up-in-my-bill"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-285">How does the vCore-based usage show up in my bill?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-285">How does the vCore-based usage show up in my bill?</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-286">In the vCore-based model, the service is billed on a predictable, hourly rate based on the service tier, provisioned compute in vCores, provisioned storage in GB/month, and consumed backup storage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-286">In the vCore-based model, the service is billed on a predictable, hourly rate based on the service tier, provisioned compute in vCores, provisioned storage in GB/month, and consumed backup storage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-287">If the storage for backups exceeds the total database size (that is, 100% of the database size), there are additional charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-287">If the storage for backups exceeds the total database size (that is, 100% of the database size), there are additional charges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-288">vCore hours, configured database storage, consumed IO, and backup storage are clearly itemized in the bill, making it easier for you to see the details of resources you have used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-288">vCore hours, configured database storage, consumed IO, and backup storage are clearly itemized in the bill, making it easier for you to see the details of resources you have used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-289">Backup storage up to 100% of the maximum database size is included, beyond which you are billed in GB/month consumed in a month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-289">Backup storage up to 100% of the maximum database size is included, beyond which you are billed in GB/month consumed in a month.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bb930-290">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-290">For example:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bb930-291">If the SQL database exists for 12 hours in a month, the bill shows usage for 12 hours of vCore.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-291">If the SQL database exists for 12 hours in a month, the bill shows usage for 12 hours of vCore.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-292">If the SQL database provisioned an additional 100 GB of storage, the bill shows storage usage in units of GB/Month prorated hourly and number of IOs consumed in a month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-292">If the SQL database provisioned an additional 100 GB of storage, the bill shows storage usage in units of GB/Month prorated hourly and number of IOs consumed in a month.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bb930-293">If the SQL database is active for less than one hour, you are billed for each hour the database exists using the highest service tier selected, provisioned storage, and IO that applied during that hour, regardless of usage or whether the database was active for less than an hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-293">If the SQL database is active for less than one hour, you are billed for each hour the database exists using the highest service tier selected, provisioned storage, and IO that applied during that hour, regardless of usage or whether the database was active for less than an hour.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bb930-294">If you create a Managed Instance and delete it five minutes later, you’ll be charged for one database hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-294">If you create a Managed Instance and delete it five minutes later, you’ll be charged for one database hour.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bb930-295">If you create a Managed Instance in the General Purpose tier with 8 vCores, and then immediately upgrade it to 16 vCores, you’ll be charged at the 16 vCore rate for the first hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-295">If you create a Managed Instance in the General Purpose tier with 8 vCores, and then immediately upgrade it to 16 vCores, you’ll be charged at the 16 vCore rate for the first hour.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-296">For a limited period, backup charges and IO charges are free of charge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-296">For a limited period, backup charges and IO charges are free of charge.</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-the-use-of-active-geo-replication-in-an-elastic-pool-show-up-on-my-bill"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-297">How does the use of active geo-replication in an elastic pool show up on my bill?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-297">How does the use of active geo-replication in an elastic pool show up on my bill?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-298">Unlike single databases, using [active geo-replication](sql-database-geo-replication-overview.md) with elastic databases doesn't have a direct billing impact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-298">Unlike single databases, using [active geo-replication](sql-database-geo-replication-overview.md) with elastic databases doesn't have a direct billing impact.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="bb930-299">You are only charged for the resources provisioned for each of the pools (primary pool and secondary pool)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-299">You are only charged for the resources provisioned for each of the pools (primary pool and secondary pool)</span></span>

## <a name="how-does-the-use-of-the-auditing-feature-impact-my-bill"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-300">How does the use of the auditing feature impact my bill?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-300">How does the use of the auditing feature impact my bill?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-301">Auditing is built into the SQL Database service at no extra cost and is available on all service tiers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-301">Auditing is built into the SQL Database service at no extra cost and is available on all service tiers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-302">However, to store the audit logs, the auditing feature uses an Azure Storage account, and rates for tables and queues in Azure Storage apply based on the size of your audit log.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-302">However, to store the audit logs, the auditing feature uses an Azure Storage account, and rates for tables and queues in Azure Storage apply based on the size of your audit log.</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-i-reset-the-password-for-the-server-admin"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-303">How do I reset the password for the server admin?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-303">How do I reset the password for the server admin?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-304">In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), click **SQL Servers**, select the server from the list, and then click **Reset Password**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-304">In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), click **SQL Servers**, select the server from the list, and then click **Reset Password**.</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-i-manage-databases-and-logins"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-305">How do I manage databases and logins?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-305">How do I manage databases and logins?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-306">See [Managing databases and logins](sql-database-manage-logins.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-306">See [Managing databases and logins](sql-database-manage-logins.md).</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-307">You cannot change the name of the server admin account after it is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-307">You cannot change the name of the server admin account after it is created.</span></span>

## <a name="how-do-i-make-sure-only-authorized-ip-addresses-are-allowed-to-access-a-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-308">How do I make sure only authorized IP addresses are allowed to access a server?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-308">How do I make sure only authorized IP addresses are allowed to access a server?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-309">See [How to: Configure firewall settings on SQL Database](sql-database-configure-firewall-settings.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-309">See [How to: Configure firewall settings on SQL Database](sql-database-configure-firewall-settings.md).</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-an-expected-replication-lag-when-geo-replicating-a-database-between-two-regions-within-the-same-azure-geography"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-310">What is an expected replication lag when geo-replicating a database between two regions within the same Azure geography?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-310">What is an expected replication lag when geo-replicating a database between two regions within the same Azure geography?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-311">We are currently supporting an RPO of five seconds and the replication lag has been less than that when the geo-secondary is hosted in the Azure recommended paired region and at the same service tier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-311">We are currently supporting an RPO of five seconds and the replication lag has been less than that when the geo-secondary is hosted in the Azure recommended paired region and at the same service tier.</span></span>

## <a name="what-is-an-expected-replication-lag-when-geo-secondary-is-created-in-the-same-region-as-the-primary-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-312">What is an expected replication lag when geo-secondary is created in the same region as the primary database?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-312">What is an expected replication lag when geo-secondary is created in the same region as the primary database?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-313">Based on empirical data, there is not too much difference between intra-region and inter-region replication lag when the Azure recommended paired region is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-313">Based on empirical data, there is not too much difference between intra-region and inter-region replication lag when the Azure recommended paired region is used.</span></span> 

## <a name="if-there-is-a-network-failure-between-two-regions-how-does-the-retry-logic-work-when-geo-replication-is-set-up"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-314">If there is a network failure between two regions, how does the retry logic work when geo-replication is set up?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-314">If there is a network failure between two regions, how does the retry logic work when geo-replication is set up?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-315">If there is a disconnect, we retry every 10 seconds to re-establish connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-315">If there is a disconnect, we retry every 10 seconds to re-establish connections.</span></span>

## <a name="what-can-i-do-to-guarantee-that-a-critical-change-on-the-primary-database-is-replicated"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-316">What can I do to guarantee that a critical change on the primary database is replicated?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-316">What can I do to guarantee that a critical change on the primary database is replicated?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-317">The geo-secondary is an async replica and we do not try to keep it in full sync with the primary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-317">The geo-secondary is an async replica and we do not try to keep it in full sync with the primary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-318">But we provide a method to force synchronization to ensure the replication of critical changes (for example, password updates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-318">But we provide a method to force synchronization to ensure the replication of critical changes (for example, password updates).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-319">Forced synchronization impacts performance because it blocks the calling thread until all committed transactions are replicated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-319">Forced synchronization impacts performance because it blocks the calling thread until all committed transactions are replicated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-320">For details, see [sp_wait_for_database_copy_sync](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn467644.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-320">For details, see [sp_wait_for_database_copy_sync](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn467644.aspx).</span></span> 

## <a name="what-tools-are-available-to-monitor-the-replication-lag-between-the-primary-database-and-geo-secondary"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-321">What tools are available to monitor the replication lag between the primary database and geo-secondary?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-321">What tools are available to monitor the replication lag between the primary database and geo-secondary?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-322">We expose the real-time replication lag between the primary database and geo-secondary through a DMV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-322">We expose the real-time replication lag between the primary database and geo-secondary through a DMV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-323">For details, see [sys.dm_geo_replication_link_status](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt575504.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-323">For details, see [sys.dm_geo_replication_link_status](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt575504.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="to-move-a-database-to-a-different-server-in-the-same-subscription"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-324">To move a database to a different server in the same subscription</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-324">To move a database to a different server in the same subscription</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-325">In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), click **SQL databases**, select a database from the list, and then click **Copy**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-325">In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), click **SQL databases**, select a database from the list, and then click **Copy**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-326">See [Copy an Azure SQL database](sql-database-copy.md) for more detail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-326">See [Copy an Azure SQL database](sql-database-copy.md) for more detail.</span></span>

## <a name="to-move-a-database-between-subscriptions"></a><span data-ttu-id="bb930-327">To move a database between subscriptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-327">To move a database between subscriptions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="bb930-328">In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), click **SQL servers** and then select the server that hosts your database from the list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-328">In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), click **SQL servers** and then select the server that hosts your database from the list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="bb930-329">Click **Move**, and then pick the resources to move and the subscription to move to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bb930-329">Click **Move**, and then pick the resources to move and the subscription to move to.</span></span>

