---
title: Resolving T-SQL differences-migration-Azure SQL Database | Microsoft Docs
description: Transact-SQL statements that are less than fully supported in Azure SQL Database
services: sql-database
documentationcenter: ''
author: BYHAM
manager: jhubbard
editor: ''
tags: ''
ms.assetid: c05abd9e-28a7-4c97-9bdf-bc60d08fc92e
ms.service: sql-database
ms.custom: migrate
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: data-management
ms.date: 03/17/2017
ms.author: rickbyh
ms.openlocfilehash: 4a7b4dc52db5f0c72acb84c7c57fb4c8af8fa94e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44540916"
---
# <a name="resolving-transact-sql-differences-during-migration-to-sql-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="dc94c-103">Resolving Transact-SQL differences during migration to SQL Database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-103">Resolving Transact-SQL differences during migration to SQL Database</span></span>   
<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-104">When [migrating your database](sql-database-cloud-migrate.md) from SQL Server to Azure SQL Server, you may discover that your database requires some re-engineering before the SQL Server can be migrated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-104">When [migrating your database](sql-database-cloud-migrate.md) from SQL Server to Azure SQL Server, you may discover that your database requires some re-engineering before the SQL Server can be migrated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-105">This topic provides guidance to assist you in both performing this re-engineering and understanding the underlying reasons why the re-engineering is necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-105">This topic provides guidance to assist you in both performing this re-engineering and understanding the underlying reasons why the re-engineering is necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-106">To detect incompatibilities, use the [Data Migration Assistant (DMA)](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=53595).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-106">To detect incompatibilities, use the [Data Migration Assistant (DMA)](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=53595).</span></span>

## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="dc94c-107">Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-107">Overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-108">Most Transact-SQL features that applications use are fully supported in both Microsoft SQL Server and Azure SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-108">Most Transact-SQL features that applications use are fully supported in both Microsoft SQL Server and Azure SQL Database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-109">For example, the core SQL components such as data types, operators, string, arithmetic, logical, and cursor functions, work identically in SQL Server and SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-109">For example, the core SQL components such as data types, operators, string, arithmetic, logical, and cursor functions, work identically in SQL Server and SQL Database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-110">There are, however, a few T-SQL differences in DDL (data-definition language) and DML (data manipulation language) elements resulting in T-SQL statements and queries that are only partially supported (which we discuss later in this topic).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-110">There are, however, a few T-SQL differences in DDL (data-definition language) and DML (data manipulation language) elements resulting in T-SQL statements and queries that are only partially supported (which we discuss later in this topic).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-111">In addition, there are some features and syntax that is not supported at all because Azure SQL Database is designed to isolate features from dependencies on the master database and the operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-111">In addition, there are some features and syntax that is not supported at all because Azure SQL Database is designed to isolate features from dependencies on the master database and the operating system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-112">As such, most server-level activities are inappropriate for SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-112">As such, most server-level activities are inappropriate for SQL Database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-113">T-SQL statements and options are not available if they configure server-level options, operating system components, or specify file system configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-113">T-SQL statements and options are not available if they configure server-level options, operating system components, or specify file system configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-114">When such capabilities are required, an appropriate alternative is often available in some other way from SQL Database or from another Azure feature or service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-114">When such capabilities are required, an appropriate alternative is often available in some other way from SQL Database or from another Azure feature or service.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-115">For example, high availability is built into Azure, so configuring Always On is not necessary (although you may want to configure Active Geo-Replication for faster recovery in the event of a disaster).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-115">For example, high availability is built into Azure, so configuring Always On is not necessary (although you may want to configure Active Geo-Replication for faster recovery in the event of a disaster).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-116">So, T-SQL statements related to availability groups are not supported by SQL Database, and the dynamic management views related to Always On are also not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-116">So, T-SQL statements related to availability groups are not supported by SQL Database, and the dynamic management views related to Always On are also not supported.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-117">For a list of the features that are supported and unsupported by SQL Database, see [Azure SQL Database feature comparison](sql-database-features.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-117">For a list of the features that are supported and unsupported by SQL Database, see [Azure SQL Database feature comparison](sql-database-features.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-118">The list on this page supplements that guidelines and features topic, and focuses on Transact-SQL statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-118">The list on this page supplements that guidelines and features topic, and focuses on Transact-SQL statements.</span></span>

## <a name="transact-sql-syntax-statements-with-partial-differences"></a><span data-ttu-id="dc94c-119">Transact-SQL syntax statements with partial differences</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-119">Transact-SQL syntax statements with partial differences</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-120">The core DDL (data definition language) statements are available, but some DDL statements have extensions related to disk placement and unsupported features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-120">The core DDL (data definition language) statements are available, but some DDL statements have extensions related to disk placement and unsupported features.</span></span> 

- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-121">CREATE and ALTER DATABASE statements have over three dozen options.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-121">CREATE and ALTER DATABASE statements have over three dozen options.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-122">The statements include file placement, FILESTREAM, and service broker options that only apply to SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-122">The statements include file placement, FILESTREAM, and service broker options that only apply to SQL Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-123">This may not matter if you create databases before you migrate, but if you are migrating T-SQL code that creates databases you should compare [CREATE DATABASE (Azure SQL Database)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn268335.aspx) with the SQL Server syntax at [CREATE DATABASE (SQL Server Transact-SQL)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms176061.aspx) to make sure all the options you use are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-123">This may not matter if you create databases before you migrate, but if you are migrating T-SQL code that creates databases you should compare [CREATE DATABASE (Azure SQL Database)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn268335.aspx) with the SQL Server syntax at [CREATE DATABASE (SQL Server Transact-SQL)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms176061.aspx) to make sure all the options you use are supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-124">CREATE DATABASE for Azure SQL Database also has service objective and elastic scale options that apply only to SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-124">CREATE DATABASE for Azure SQL Database also has service objective and elastic scale options that apply only to SQL Database.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-125">The CREATE and ALTER TABLE statements have FileTable options that cannot be used on SQL Database because FILESTREAM is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-125">The CREATE and ALTER TABLE statements have FileTable options that cannot be used on SQL Database because FILESTREAM is not supported.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-126">CREATE and ALTER login statements are supported but SQL Database does not offer all the options.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-126">CREATE and ALTER login statements are supported but SQL Database does not offer all the options.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-127">To make your database more portable, SQL Database encourages using contained database users instead of logins whenever possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-127">To make your database more portable, SQL Database encourages using contained database users instead of logins whenever possible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-128">For more information, see [CREATE/ALTER LOGIN](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms189828.aspx) and [Controlling and granting database access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-manage-logins).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-128">For more information, see [CREATE/ALTER LOGIN](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms189828.aspx) and [Controlling and granting database access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-manage-logins).</span></span>

## <a name="transact-sql-syntax-not-supported-in-sql-database"></a><span data-ttu-id="dc94c-129">Transact-SQL syntax not supported in SQL Database</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-129">Transact-SQL syntax not supported in SQL Database</span></span>   
<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-130">In addition to Transact-SQL statements related to the unsupported features described in [Azure SQL Database feature comparison](sql-database-features.md), the following statements and groups of statements, are not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-130">In addition to Transact-SQL statements related to the unsupported features described in [Azure SQL Database feature comparison](sql-database-features.md), the following statements and groups of statements, are not supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-131">As such, if your database to be migrated is using any of the following features, re-engineer your T-SQL to eliminate these T-SQL features and statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-131">As such, if your database to be migrated is using any of the following features, re-engineer your T-SQL to eliminate these T-SQL features and statements.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-132">Collation of system objects</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-132">Collation of system objects</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-133">Connection related: Endpoint statements, `ORIGINAL_DB_NAME`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-133">Connection related: Endpoint statements, `ORIGINAL_DB_NAME`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-134">SQL Database does not support Windows authentication, but does support the similar Azure Active Directory authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-134">SQL Database does not support Windows authentication, but does support the similar Azure Active Directory authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-135">Some authentication types require the latest version of SSMS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-135">Some authentication types require the latest version of SSMS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-136">For more information, see [Connecting to SQL Database or SQL Data Warehouse By Using Azure Active Directory Authentication](sql-database-aad-authentication.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-136">For more information, see [Connecting to SQL Database or SQL Data Warehouse By Using Azure Active Directory Authentication](sql-database-aad-authentication.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-137">Cross database queries using three or four part names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-137">Cross database queries using three or four part names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-138">(Read-only cross-database queries are supported by using [elastic database query](sql-database-elastic-query-overview.md).)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-138">(Read-only cross-database queries are supported by using [elastic database query](sql-database-elastic-query-overview.md).)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-139">Cross database ownership chaining, `TRUSTWORTHY` setting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-139">Cross database ownership chaining, `TRUSTWORTHY` setting</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-140">`DATABASEPROPERTY` Use `DATABASEPROPERTYEX` instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-140">`DATABASEPROPERTY` Use `DATABASEPROPERTYEX` instead.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-141">`EXECUTE AS LOGIN` Use 'EXECUTE AS USER' instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-141">`EXECUTE AS LOGIN` Use 'EXECUTE AS USER' instead.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-142">Encryption is supported except for extensible key management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-142">Encryption is supported except for extensible key management</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-143">Eventing: Events, event notifications, query notifications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-143">Eventing: Events, event notifications, query notifications</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-144">File placement: Syntax related to database file placement, size, and database files that are automatically managed by Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-144">File placement: Syntax related to database file placement, size, and database files that are automatically managed by Microsoft Azure.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-145">High availability: Syntax related to high availability, which is managed through your Microsoft Azure account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-145">High availability: Syntax related to high availability, which is managed through your Microsoft Azure account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-146">This includes syntax for backup, restore, Always On, database mirroring, log shipping, recovery modes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-146">This includes syntax for backup, restore, Always On, database mirroring, log shipping, recovery modes.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-147">Log reader: Syntax that relies upon the log reader, which is not available on SQL Database: Push Replication, Change Data Capture.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-147">Log reader: Syntax that relies upon the log reader, which is not available on SQL Database: Push Replication, Change Data Capture.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-148">SQL Database can be a subscriber of a push replication article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-148">SQL Database can be a subscriber of a push replication article.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-149">Functions: `fn_get_sql`, `fn_virtualfilestats`, `fn_virtualservernodes`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-149">Functions: `fn_get_sql`, `fn_virtualfilestats`, `fn_virtualservernodes`</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-150">Global temporary tables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-150">Global temporary tables</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-151">Hardware: Syntax related to hardware-related server settings: such as memory, worker threads, CPU affinity, trace flags.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-151">Hardware: Syntax related to hardware-related server settings: such as memory, worker threads, CPU affinity, trace flags.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-152">Use service levels instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-152">Use service levels instead.</span></span>
- `HAS_DBACCESS`
- `KILL STATS JOB`
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-153">`OPENQUERY`, `OPENROWSET`, `OPENDATASOURCE`, and four-part names</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-153">`OPENQUERY`, `OPENROWSET`, `OPENDATASOURCE`, and four-part names</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-154">.NET Framework: CLR integration with SQL Server</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-154">.NET Framework: CLR integration with SQL Server</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-155">Semantic search</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-155">Semantic search</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-156">Server credentials: Use [database scoped credentials](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt270260.aspx) instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-156">Server credentials: Use [database scoped credentials](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt270260.aspx) instead.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-157">Server-level items: Server roles, `IS_SRVROLEMEMBER`, `sys.login_token`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-157">Server-level items: Server roles, `IS_SRVROLEMEMBER`, `sys.login_token`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-158">`GRANT`, `REVOKE`, and `DENY` of server level permissions are not available though some are replaced by database-level permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-158">`GRANT`, `REVOKE`, and `DENY` of server level permissions are not available though some are replaced by database-level permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-159">Some useful server-level DMVs have equivalent database-level DMVs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-159">Some useful server-level DMVs have equivalent database-level DMVs.</span></span>
- `SET REMOTE_PROC_TRANSACTIONS`
- `SHUTDOWN`
- `sp_addmessage`
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-160">`sp_configure` options and `RECONFIGURE`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-160">`sp_configure` options and `RECONFIGURE`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-161">Some options are available using [ALTER DATABASE SCOPED CONFIGURATION](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt629158.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-161">Some options are available using [ALTER DATABASE SCOPED CONFIGURATION](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/mt629158.aspx).</span></span>
- `sp_helpuser`
- `sp_migrate_user_to_contained`
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-162">SQL Server Agent: Syntax that relies upon the SQL Server Agent or the MSDB database: alerts, operators, central management servers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-162">SQL Server Agent: Syntax that relies upon the SQL Server Agent or the MSDB database: alerts, operators, central management servers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-163">Use scripting, such as Azure PowerShell instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-163">Use scripting, such as Azure PowerShell instead.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-164">SQL Server audit: Use SQL Database auditing instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-164">SQL Server audit: Use SQL Database auditing instead.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-165">SQL Server trace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-165">SQL Server trace</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-166">Trace flags: Some trace flag items have been moved to compatibility modes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-166">Trace flags: Some trace flag items have been moved to compatibility modes.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-167">Transact-SQL debugging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-167">Transact-SQL debugging</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-168">Triggers: Server-scoped or logon triggers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-168">Triggers: Server-scoped or logon triggers</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-169">`USE` statement: To change the database context to a different database, you must make a new connection to the new database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-169">`USE` statement: To change the database context to a different database, you must make a new connection to the new database.</span></span>

## <a name="full-transact-sql-reference"></a><span data-ttu-id="dc94c-170">Full Transact-SQL reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-170">Full Transact-SQL reference</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-171">For more information about Transact-SQL grammar, usage, and examples, see [Transact-SQL Reference (Database Engine)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bb510741.aspx) in SQL Server Books Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-171">For more information about Transact-SQL grammar, usage, and examples, see [Transact-SQL Reference (Database Engine)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/bb510741.aspx) in SQL Server Books Online.</span></span> 

### <a name="about-the-applies-to-tags"></a><span data-ttu-id="dc94c-172">About the "Applies to" tags</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-172">About the "Applies to" tags</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-173">The Transact-SQL reference includes topics related to SQL Server versions 2008 to the present.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-173">The Transact-SQL reference includes topics related to SQL Server versions 2008 to the present.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-174">Below the topic title there is an icon bar, listing the four SQL Server platforms, and indicating applicability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-174">Below the topic title there is an icon bar, listing the four SQL Server platforms, and indicating applicability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-175">For example, availability groups were introduced in SQL Server 2012.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-175">For example, availability groups were introduced in SQL Server 2012.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-176">The [CREATE AVAILABILTY GROUP](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ff878399.aspx) topic indicates that the statement applies to **SQL Server (starting with 2012)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-176">The [CREATE AVAILABILTY GROUP](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ff878399.aspx) topic indicates that the statement applies to **SQL Server (starting with 2012)**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-177">The statement does not apply to SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 R2, Azure SQL Database, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, or Parallel Data Warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-177">The statement does not apply to SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 R2, Azure SQL Database, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, or Parallel Data Warehouse.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-178">In some cases, the general subject of a topic can be used in a product, but there are minor differences between products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-178">In some cases, the general subject of a topic can be used in a product, but there are minor differences between products.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-179">The differences are indicated at midpoints in the topic as appropriate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-179">The differences are indicated at midpoints in the topic as appropriate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-180">In some cases, the general subject of a topic can be used in a product, but there are minor differences between products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-180">In some cases, the general subject of a topic can be used in a product, but there are minor differences between products.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-181">The differences are indicated at midpoints in the topic as appropriate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-181">The differences are indicated at midpoints in the topic as appropriate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-182">For example the CREATE TRIGGER topic is available in SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-182">For example the CREATE TRIGGER topic is available in SQL Database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-183">But the **ALL SERVER** option for server-level triggers, indicates that server-level triggers cannot be used in SQL Database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-183">But the **ALL SERVER** option for server-level triggers, indicates that server-level triggers cannot be used in SQL Database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-184">Use database-level triggers instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-184">Use database-level triggers instead.</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="dc94c-185">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-185">Next steps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="dc94c-186">For a list of the features that are supported and unsupported by SQL Database, see [Azure SQL Database feature comparison](sql-database-features.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-186">For a list of the features that are supported and unsupported by SQL Database, see [Azure SQL Database feature comparison](sql-database-features.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="dc94c-187">The list on this page supplements that guidelines and features topic, and focuses on Transact-SQL statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="dc94c-187">The list on this page supplements that guidelines and features topic, and focuses on Transact-SQL statements.</span></span>

