---
title: Speech Translation API Documentation | Microsoft Docs
description: Use the Microsoft Translator Speech Translation API to transcribe conversational speech from one language into text of another language.
services: cognitive-services
author: chriswendt1
manager: arulm
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.technology: translator
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/26/2016
ms.author: christw
ms.openlocfilehash: 05bf14dc6e9c405a89e4b05f2d757ede9be4f074
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44661271"
---
# <a name="speech-translation-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="0fea7-103">Speech Translation API</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-103">Speech Translation API</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0fea7-104">This service offers a streaming API to transcribe conversational speech from one language into text of another language.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-104">This service offers a streaming API to transcribe conversational speech from one language into text of another language.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-105">The API also integrates text-to-speech capabilities to speak the translated text back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-105">The API also integrates text-to-speech capabilities to speak the translated text back.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-106">The Speech Translation API enables scenarios like real-time translation of conversations as seen in [Skype Translator](https://www.skype.com/en/features/skype-translator/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-106">The Speech Translation API enables scenarios like real-time translation of conversations as seen in [Skype Translator](https://www.skype.com/en/features/skype-translator/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0fea7-107">With **Microsoft Translator Speech Translation API**, client applications stream speech audio to the service and receive back a stream of text-based results, which include the recognized text in the source language, and its translation in the target language.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-107">With **Microsoft Translator Speech Translation API**, client applications stream speech audio to the service and receive back a stream of text-based results, which include the recognized text in the source language, and its translation in the target language.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-108">Text results are produced by applying Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) powered by deep neural networks to the incoming audio stream.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-108">Text results are produced by applying Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) powered by deep neural networks to the incoming audio stream.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-109">Raw ASR output is further improved by a new technique called TrueText in order to more closely reflect user intent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-109">Raw ASR output is further improved by a new technique called TrueText in order to more closely reflect user intent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-110">For example, TrueText removes disfluencies (the hmms and coughs) and restore proper punctuation and capitalization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-110">For example, TrueText removes disfluencies (the hmms and coughs) and restore proper punctuation and capitalization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-111">The ability to mask or exclude profanities is also included.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-111">The ability to mask or exclude profanities is also included.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-112">The recognition and translation engines are specifically trained to handle conversational speech.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-112">The recognition and translation engines are specifically trained to handle conversational speech.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-113">The Speech Translation service uses silence detection to determine the end of an utterance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-113">The Speech Translation service uses silence detection to determine the end of an utterance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-114">After a pause in voice activity, the service will stream back a final result for the completed utterance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-114">After a pause in voice activity, the service will stream back a final result for the completed utterance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-115">The service can also send back partial results, which give intermediate recognitions and translations for an utterance in progress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-115">The service can also send back partial results, which give intermediate recognitions and translations for an utterance in progress.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-116">For final results, the service provides the ability to synthesize speech (text-to-speech) from the spoken text in the target languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-116">For final results, the service provides the ability to synthesize speech (text-to-speech) from the spoken text in the target languages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-117">Text-to-speech audio is created in the format specified by the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-117">Text-to-speech audio is created in the format specified by the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fea7-118">WAV and MP3 formats are available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-118">WAV and MP3 formats are available.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0fea7-119">The Speech Translation API leverages the WebSocket protocol to provide a full-duplex communication channel between the client and the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-119">The Speech Translation API leverages the WebSocket protocol to provide a full-duplex communication channel between the client and the server.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="0fea7-120">Code samples demonstrating use of the Speech Translation API are available from the [Microsoft Translator Github site](https://github.com/MicrosoftTranslator).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fea7-120">Code samples demonstrating use of the Speech Translation API are available from the [Microsoft Translator Github site](https://github.com/MicrosoftTranslator).</span></span>
