---
title: What is Azure Search | Microsoft Docs
description: Azure Search is a fully-managed hosted cloud search service. Learn more in this feature overview.
services: search
manager: jhubbard
author: ashmaka
documentationcenter: ''
ms.assetid: 50bed849-b716-4cc9-bbbc-b5b34e2c6153
ms.service: search
ms.devlang: NA
ms.workload: search
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.date: 01/12/2017
ms.author: ashmaka
ms.openlocfilehash: b0ccc9746d3d8fbcb5516fc43577f4c2ce6a340d
ms.sourcegitcommit: 5b9d839c0c0a94b293fdafe1d6e5429506c07e05
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: nl-NL
ms.lasthandoff: 08/02/2018
ms.locfileid: "44550889"
---
# <a name="what-is-azure-search"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-104">What is Azure Search?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-104">What is Azure Search?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-105">Azure Search is a cloud search-as-a-service solution that delegates server and infrastructure management to Microsoft, leaving you with a ready-to-use service that you can populate with your data and then use to add search to your web or mobile application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-105">Azure Search is a cloud search-as-a-service solution that delegates server and infrastructure management to Microsoft, leaving you with a ready-to-use service that you can populate with your data and then use to add search to your web or mobile application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-106">Azure Search allows you to easily add a robust search experience to your applications using a simple [REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798935.aspx) or [.NET SDK](search-howto-dotnet-sdk.md) without managing search infrastructure or becoming an expert in search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-106">Azure Search allows you to easily add a robust search experience to your applications using a simple [REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798935.aspx) or [.NET SDK](search-howto-dotnet-sdk.md) without managing search infrastructure or becoming an expert in search.</span></span>

## <a name="give-your-users-a-powerful-search-experience"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-107">Give your users a powerful search experience</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-107">Give your users a powerful search experience</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-108">**Powerful queries** can be formulated using the [simple query syntax](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798920.aspx), which offers logical operators, phrase search operators, suffix operators, precedence operators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-108">**Powerful queries** can be formulated using the [simple query syntax](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798920.aspx), which offers logical operators, phrase search operators, suffix operators, precedence operators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-109">Additionally, the [Lucene query syntax](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt589323.aspx) can enable fuzzy search, proximity search, term boosting, and regular expressions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-109">Additionally, the [Lucene query syntax](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/mt589323.aspx) can enable fuzzy search, proximity search, term boosting, and regular expressions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-110">Azure Search also supports custom lexical analyzers to allow your application to handle complex search queries using phonetic matching and regular expressions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-110">Azure Search also supports custom lexical analyzers to allow your application to handle complex search queries using phonetic matching and regular expressions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-111">**Language support** is [included for 56 different languages](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn879793.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-111">**Language support** is [included for 56 different languages](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn879793.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-112">Using both Lucene analyzers and Microsoft analyzers (refined by years of natural language processing in Office and Bing), Azure Search can analyze text in your application's search box to intelligently handle language-specific linguistics including verb tenses, gender, irregular plural nouns (for example, 'mouse' vs. 'mice'), word de-compounding, word-breaking (for languages with no spaces), and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-112">Using both Lucene analyzers and Microsoft analyzers (refined by years of natural language processing in Office and Bing), Azure Search can analyze text in your application's search box to intelligently handle language-specific linguistics including verb tenses, gender, irregular plural nouns (for example, 'mouse' vs. 'mice'), word de-compounding, word-breaking (for languages with no spaces), and more.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-113">**Search suggestions** can be enabled for autocompleted search bars and type-ahead queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-113">**Search suggestions** can be enabled for autocompleted search bars and type-ahead queries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-114">[Actual documents in your index are suggested](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798936.aspx) as users enter partial search input.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-114">[Actual documents in your index are suggested](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798936.aspx) as users enter partial search input.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-115">**Hit highlighting** [allows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798927.aspx) users to see the snippet of text in each result that contains the matches for their query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-115">**Hit highlighting** [allows](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798927.aspx) users to see the snippet of text in each result that contains the matches for their query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-116">You can pick and choose which fields return highlighted snippets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-116">You can pick and choose which fields return highlighted snippets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-117">**Faceted navigation** is easily added to your search results page with Azure Search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-117">**Faceted navigation** is easily added to your search results page with Azure Search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-118">Using [just a single query parameter](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798927.aspx), Azure Search will return all the necessary information to construct a faceted search experience in your app's UI to allow your users to drill down and filter search results (for example, filter catalog items by price-range or brand).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-118">Using [just a single query parameter](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798927.aspx), Azure Search will return all the necessary information to construct a faceted search experience in your app's UI to allow your users to drill down and filter search results (for example, filter catalog items by price-range or brand).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-119">**Geo-spatial** support allows you to intelligently process, filter, and display geographic locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-119">**Geo-spatial** support allows you to intelligently process, filter, and display geographic locations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-120">Azure Search enables your users to explore data based on the proximity of a search result to a specified location or based on a specific geographic region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-120">Azure Search enables your users to explore data based on the proximity of a search result to a specified location or based on a specific geographic region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-121">This video explains how it works: [Channel 9: Azure Search and Geospatial data](https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Data-Exposed/Azure-Search-and-Geospatial-Data).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-121">This video explains how it works: [Channel 9: Azure Search and Geospatial data](https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Data-Exposed/Azure-Search-and-Geospatial-Data).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-122">**Filters** can be used to easily incorporate faceted navigation into your application's UI, enhance query formulation, and filter based on user- or developer-specified criteria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-122">**Filters** can be used to easily incorporate faceted navigation into your application's UI, enhance query formulation, and filter based on user- or developer-specified criteria.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-123">Create powerful filters using the [OData syntax](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798921.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-123">Create powerful filters using the [OData syntax](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798921.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="empower-your-developers-with-an-easy-to-use-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-124">Empower your developers with an easy-to-use service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-124">Empower your developers with an easy-to-use service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-125">**High availability** ensures an extremely reliable search service experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-125">**High availability** ensures an extremely reliable search service experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-126">When scaled properly, [Azure Search offers a 99.9% SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/search/v1_0/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-126">When scaled properly, [Azure Search offers a 99.9% SLA](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/search/v1_0/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-127">**Fully managed** as an end-to-end solution, Azure Search requires absolutely no infrastructure management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-127">**Fully managed** as an end-to-end solution, Azure Search requires absolutely no infrastructure management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-128">Your service can be easily tailored to your needs by scaling in two dimensions to handle more document storage, higher query loads, or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-128">Your service can be easily tailored to your needs by scaling in two dimensions to handle more document storage, higher query loads, or both.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-129">**Data integration** using [indexers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn946891.aspx) allows Azure Search to automatically crawl Azure SQL Database, Azure DocumentDB, or [Azure Blob storage](search-howto-indexing-azure-blob-storage.md) to sync your search index's content with your primary data store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-129">**Data integration** using [indexers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn946891.aspx) allows Azure Search to automatically crawl Azure SQL Database, Azure DocumentDB, or [Azure Blob storage](search-howto-indexing-azure-blob-storage.md) to sync your search index's content with your primary data store.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-130">**Document cracking** is available (currently in preview) [to read and index major file formats](search-howto-indexing-azure-blob-storage.md) including Microsoft Office as well as PDF and HTML documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-130">**Document cracking** is available (currently in preview) [to read and index major file formats](search-howto-indexing-azure-blob-storage.md) including Microsoft Office as well as PDF and HTML documents.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-131">**Search traffic analytics** are [easily collected and analyzed](search-traffic-analytics.md) to unlock insights from what users are typing into the search box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-131">**Search traffic analytics** are [easily collected and analyzed](search-traffic-analytics.md) to unlock insights from what users are typing into the search box.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-132">**Simple scoring** is a key benefit of Azure Search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-132">**Simple scoring** is a key benefit of Azure Search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-133">[Scoring profiles](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798928.aspx) are used to allow organizations to model relevance as a function of values in the documents themselves.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-133">[Scoring profiles](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798928.aspx) are used to allow organizations to model relevance as a function of values in the documents themselves.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-134">For example, you might want newer products or discounted products to appear higher in the search results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-134">For example, you might want newer products or discounted products to appear higher in the search results.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-135">You can also build scoring profiles using tags for personalized scoring based on customer search preferences you've tracked and stored separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-135">You can also build scoring profiles using tags for personalized scoring based on customer search preferences you've tracked and stored separately.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-136">**Sorting** is offered for multiple fields via the index schema and then toggled at query-time with a single search parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-136">**Sorting** is offered for multiple fields via the index schema and then toggled at query-time with a single search parameter.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-137">**Paging** and throttling your search results is [straightforward with the finely tuned control](search-pagination-page-layout.md) that Azure Search offers over your search results.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-137">**Paging** and throttling your search results is [straightforward with the finely tuned control](search-pagination-page-layout.md) that Azure Search offers over your search results.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-138">**Search explorer** allows you to issue queries against all of your indexes right from your account's Azure portal so you can easily test queries and refine scoring profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-138">**Search explorer** allows you to issue queries against all of your indexes right from your account's Azure portal so you can easily test queries and refine scoring profiles.</span></span>

## <a name="how-it-works"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-139">How it works</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-139">How it works</span></span>
### <a name="1-provision-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-140">1. Provision service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-140">1. Provision service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-141">You can spin up an Azure Search service using either the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/) or the [Azure Resource Management API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn832684.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-141">You can spin up an Azure Search service using either the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/) or the [Azure Resource Management API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn832684.aspx).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-142">Depending on how you configure the search service, you'll use either the free tier of service that is shared with other Azure Search subscribers, or a [paid tier](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/search/) that dedicates resources to be used only by your service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-142">Depending on how you configure the search service, you'll use either the free tier of service that is shared with other Azure Search subscribers, or a [paid tier](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/search/) that dedicates resources to be used only by your service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-143">When provisioning your service, you also choose the region of the data center that hosts your service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-143">When provisioning your service, you also choose the region of the data center that hosts your service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-144">Depending on which tier of service you choose, you can scale your service in two dimensions: 1) Add Replicas to grow your capacity to handle heavy query loads and 2) add Partitions to add storage for more documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-144">Depending on which tier of service you choose, you can scale your service in two dimensions: 1) Add Replicas to grow your capacity to handle heavy query loads and 2) add Partitions to add storage for more documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-145">By handling document storage and query throughput separately, you can customize your search service for your specific needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-145">By handling document storage and query throughput separately, you can customize your search service for your specific needs.</span></span>

### <a name="2-create-index"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-146">2. Create index</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-146">2. Create index</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-147">Before you can upload your content to your Azure Search service, you must first define an Azure Search index.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-147">Before you can upload your content to your Azure Search service, you must first define an Azure Search index.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-148">An index is like a database table that holds your data and can accept search queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-148">An index is like a database table that holds your data and can accept search queries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-149">You define the index schema to map to the structure of the documents you wish to search, similar to fields in a database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-149">You define the index schema to map to the structure of the documents you wish to search, similar to fields in a database.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-150">The schema of these indexes can either be created in the Azure portal, or programmatically [using the .NET SDK](search-howto-dotnet-sdk.md) or [REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798941.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-150">The schema of these indexes can either be created in the Azure portal, or programmatically [using the .NET SDK](search-howto-dotnet-sdk.md) or [REST API](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798941.aspx).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-151">Once the index is defined, you can then upload your data to the Azure Search service where it is subsequently indexed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-151">Once the index is defined, you can then upload your data to the Azure Search service where it is subsequently indexed.</span></span>

### <a name="3-index-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-152">3. Index data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-152">3. Index data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-153">Once you have defined the fields and attributes of your index, you're ready to upload your content into the index.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-153">Once you have defined the fields and attributes of your index, you're ready to upload your content into the index.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-154">You can use either a push or pull model to upload data to the index.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-154">You can use either a push or pull model to upload data to the index.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-155">The pull model is provided through indexers that can be configured for on demand or scheduled updates (see [Indexer operations (Azure Search Service REST API)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn946891.aspx)), allowing you to easily ingest data and data changes from an Azure DocumentDB, Azure SQL Database, Azure Blob Storage, or SQL Server hosted in an Azure VM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-155">The pull model is provided through indexers that can be configured for on demand or scheduled updates (see [Indexer operations (Azure Search Service REST API)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn946891.aspx)), allowing you to easily ingest data and data changes from an Azure DocumentDB, Azure SQL Database, Azure Blob Storage, or SQL Server hosted in an Azure VM.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-156">The push model is provided through the SDK or REST APIs, used for sending updated documents to an index.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-156">The push model is provided through the SDK or REST APIs, used for sending updated documents to an index.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-157">You can push data from virtually any dataset using the JSON format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-157">You can push data from virtually any dataset using the JSON format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-158">See [Add, update, or delete Documents](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798930.aspx) or [How to use the .NET SDK)](search-howto-dotnet-sdk.md) for guidance on loading data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-158">See [Add, update, or delete Documents](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798930.aspx) or [How to use the .NET SDK)](search-howto-dotnet-sdk.md) for guidance on loading data.</span></span>

### <a name="4-search"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-159">4. Search</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-159">4. Search</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-160">Once you have populated your Azure Search index, you can now [issue search queries](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798927.aspx) to your service endpoint using simple HTTP requests with REST API or the .NET SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-160">Once you have populated your Azure Search index, you can now [issue search queries](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn798927.aspx) to your service endpoint using simple HTTP requests with REST API or the .NET SDK.</span></span>

## <a name="try-it-now-for-free"></a><span data-ttu-id="f65b9-161">Try it now (for free!)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-161">Try it now (for free!)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-162">Azure subscribers can [provision a service in the Free tier](search-create-service-portal.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-162">Azure subscribers can [provision a service in the Free tier](search-create-service-portal.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-163">If you aren't a subscriber, you can [open an Azure account for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/?WT.mc_id=A261C142F): You get credits you can use to try out paid Azure services, and even after they're used up you can keep the account and use free Azure services, such as Websites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-163">If you aren't a subscriber, you can [open an Azure account for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/free-trial/?WT.mc_id=A261C142F): You get credits you can use to try out paid Azure services, and even after they're used up you can keep the account and use free Azure services, such as Websites.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f65b9-164">Your credit card will never be charged, unless you explicitly change your settings and ask to be charged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-164">Your credit card will never be charged, unless you explicitly change your settings and ask to be charged.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f65b9-165">Alternatively, you can [activate MSDN subscriber benefits](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/?WT.mc_id=A261C142F): Your MSDN subscription gives you credits every month that you can use for paid Azure services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f65b9-165">Alternatively, you can [activate MSDN subscriber benefits](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/member-offers/msdn-benefits-details/?WT.mc_id=A261C142F): Your MSDN subscription gives you credits every month that you can use for paid Azure services.</span></span> 


